Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H9093 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 2018 No. 160 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. H
ARPER ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, September 27, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable G
REGG  H
ARPER to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF SALLIE BALDWIN HOWARD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UTTERFIELD ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and work of Mrs. Sallie Baldwin Howard, a great North Carolinian, a nationally recog-nized academic, and a dear family friend. At 102 years old, Mrs. Howard transitioned to her heavenly home on Tuesday, September 25, 2018. Our com-munity in Wilson, North Carolina, has lost a giant and a friend. Mr. Speaker, Mrs. Sallie Baldwin Howard was born on March 23, 1916, right in the midst of World War I, in Wilson, North Carolina, to Narcissus and Marcellus Sims. Even though I did not know Mr. Sims, I certainly knew Ms. Narcissus Sims Townsend, who lived directly across the street from me as a child. Though she was raised in the Jim Crow South as the daughter of share-croppers, Mrs. Howard graduated as valedictorian from Wilson Colored High School, later renamed Charles H. Darden High School, in 1938, the same school that I graduated from in 1965. She attended Kittrell Junior College in Kittrell, North Carolina, before earning both a bachelor’s and a mas-ter’s degree in education from Hunter College in New York City. She also did extensive study at the New School of Social Research, as well as Columbia University. Mr. Speaker, Mrs. Howard taught for nearly 30 years as a first-grade teacher in New York City. While there, she worked in the New York City American Negro Theater, which helped launch the careers of the likes of Sidney Poitier, Harry Belafonte, Ossie Davis, Ruby Dee, and Esther Rolle. There, she honed her acting and di-recting and writing talents, finding her voice through her art. Mrs. Howard’s off-Broadway play, ‘‘The Passing of a Dinosaur,’’ is still performed today in local schools. Upon her retirement, Mrs. Howard returned to her beloved Wilson, North Carolina, where she became an active member of St. John African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church, which is a church that just celebrated its 150th anniversary this past weekend, and I had an opportunity to speak for that program. She led the Christian edu-cation department and the church honor roll to encourage academic ex-cellence among the youth in her com-munity. Along with many other projects, Mrs. Howard founded the youth enrichment program with my good friend, Dr. Jo-Anne Woodard, in 1989, focusing the program on lasting scholarship, a com-mitment to the cultural heritage of Af-rican Americans, and promoting the arts. Mrs. Howard’s tireless work to enrich her community inspired Dr. JoAnne Woodard to create the Sallie B. Howard School for the Arts and Education in Wilson, naming the school in Mrs. Howard’s honor. Established in 1997, the Sallie B. Howard School for the Arts and Edu-cation is one of the first public charter schools in the State of North Carolina, and the only charter school to open in Wilson County after legislation passed in 1997 to approve charter schools in our State. The school, along with the youth enrichment program, has been an invaluable asset to our community. Mr. Speaker, the school’s mission is to provide every child, privileged or underprivileged, the kind of education that nutures students’ gifts, talents, and potential to become more than they ever thought they could be. At Sallie B. Howard School, they prepare students for careers in the performing arts, science, and humanities. They are a school to behold. Established as an academic and as a writer, Mr. Speaker, and as a play-wright, avid traveler, and educator, Mrs. Howard used her vast array of tal-ents and expertise to leave a lasting impact on thousands in our commu-nities. Two years ago, we had the awesome opportunity to celebrate Mrs. Sallie B. Howard’s 100th birthday, and this pic-ture that I have with me today depicts that moment as I escorted her into the auditorium of the school. We will have very fond memories of that day when she reached 100 years old. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27SE7.000 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9094 September 27, 2018 
Finally, beyond her academic con-tributions, what is more illuminating of Mrs. Howard’s character was the way she connected with her students and her friends. She took a personal in-terest in the scholarship and mentorship of the youth that went far beyond success in the classroom. This is, indeed, a solemn occasion, but it is also an occasion to celebrate. At 102 years old, Mrs. Sallie B. Howard fought the good fight, served her com-munity, and was a friend and mentor to many. I am thankful to God that she was able to touch so many lives. May she rest in peace. She now belongs to the ages. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the extraor-dinary life, work, and legacy of Sallie Baldwin Howard. 
f 
SUPPORT TAX REFORM 2.0 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, last week, as I traveled the communities of my congressional district, I witnessed and saw firsthand the evidence of the great American comeback: the amount of jobs, the job growth that was available, the increase in wages, individuals who have left one job for what we call a new job, a better job, higher wages. The economic growth was absolutely incredible and inspiring, the great American come-back. Since the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was passed last December, the results in our economy have been historic. The unemployment rate is at 3.9 percent, the lowest it has been in decades. Job openings are at a record high. 213,000 jobs were added in June alone in this great Nation. In June, there were 6.7 million job openings—most recently re-ported, we are at 6.9 million job open-ings—marking the first time since 2000 that there have been more job openings than those who are unemployed. Over the past 12 months, the Com-monwealth of Pennsylvania has added more than 65,000 new jobs. I witnessed a lot of those in my visits to manufac-turers, refineries, and small businesses. It is just incredible, this great Amer-ican comeback. Mr. Speaker, after years of strug-gling to get ahead, the American peo-ple are seeing more jobs, opportunity, and optimism come back. Small-busi-ness owners are reporting increased employment and higher wages at record levels. Main Streets across America are thriving. People have more money in their paychecks, and the tax cuts are working for the middle class. Today and Friday, this House will vote on three bills and make the tax cuts permanent, make the great Amer-ican comeback permanent. We need to double down on the success and pass tax reform 2.0. Through the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, we have doubled the standard deduc-tion and lowered tax rates, which means that 90 percent of Americans are seeing more money in their paychecks this year. Plus, more than 4 million Americans at 642 companies see better wages, bonuses, and expanded retire-ment options. In fact, more than half of small busi-nesses have plans to expand and boost hiring or increase employee benefits. This is tremendous news for American families. Too many Americans have been living paycheck to paycheck and have been doing so for way too long. Stagnant wages, growing debt, and the inability to save have plagued so many. Tax reform 2.0 will create and expand additional programs to help Americans save. For example, it creates a new savings account to offer a fully flexible savings tool that families can use at any time. It expands the 529 education savings accounts. It creates a new baby savings program to help with the birth of a child or an adoption. Mr. Speaker, I fundamentally believe that Americans should keep more of their hard-earned money. They deserve that. Thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Congress paved the way to create a tax system that is fairer, simpler, and one that establishes an environ-ment where our country can thrive. We worked hard to do that. On Fri-day, we will vote to make those tax cuts permanent. If you support higher wages, if you support lower unemployment, if you support more jobs, if you support big-ger paychecks, if you support the American people, then you will support tax reform 2.0. 
f 
RECOGNIZING HOWARD SIMON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ) for 5 minutes. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to recognize the tremendous and meaningful work of Howard Simon, executive director of the ACLU of Florida. Mr. Simon is retiring this year fol-lowing a distinguished career defending civil rights and civil liberties that lasted longer than that of any other ACLU leader in the country. Prior to his appointment as executive director of the Florida affiliate in 1997, Mr. Simon led the fight to defend civil rights and civil liberties in Michigan, where he served as ACLU director for 23 years. His 21 years at the ACLU of Florida make him the longest serving ACLU di-rector in the country, and his cumu-lative 44-year career as a State director is the longest in the ACLU’s 98-year history. As a student at City College of New York in 1965, Mr. Simon joined fellow student leaders to travel to Selma, Alabama, to march for voting rights alongside Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. This experience started a decades-long career fighting for the rights guaran-teed to all Americans under the United States Constitution. In his time as executive director at the ACLU of Florida, Mr. Simon oversaw landmark work defending the rights of LGBTQ Floridians, protecting immigrants, reforming our criminal justice system, protecting free speech, preserving women’s health, and strengthening the right to vote. The rights that Floridians enjoy would not be the same without the tireless work of this champion of liberty. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to call How-ard Simon my dear friend, and I join my fellow Floridians in thanking him for his thoughtful and compassionate work to safeguard our civil liberties and for helping to make the United States a more perfect union for us all. f 
RECOGNIZING PAUL AND SWANEE D
IMARE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, on October 2, the Dade County Farm Bureau is proud to honor Paul and Swanee DiMare, an agriculture power-house couple hailing from our south Florida community. For more than 90 years, the DiMare family has graced south Florida by pro-viding some of the best quality produce our Nation has to offer, so much, in fact, that they have earned the title of Mr. and Mrs. Tomato. But where some may know them for their tasty and nutritious products alone, others know them for their world-class philanthropy and public service. From protecting our beautiful botanical gardens, to advocating for or-ganizations like the Red Cross, Paul and Swanee continue to serve as an in-spiration to all those who call our slice of paradise home. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recog-nize this extraordinary couple, and I thank Paul and Swanee for their tire-less work in our community. 
ANNUAL MIAMI WALK TO END ALZHEIMER ’S 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support the Alzheimer’s Asso-ciation 2018 Walk to End Alzheimer’s in Miami-Dade, being held in my congres-sional district on November 3. According to the Alzheimer’s Asso-ciation, more than 5.7 million Ameri-cans are battling this brutal condition, 200,000 of whom are under the age of 65. b1015 Moreover, this disease is the sixth leading cause of death in our Nation. Sadly, Alzheimer’s, currently, cannot be cured, cannot be prevented, and can-not be slowed. That is why advocacy and awareness are paramount. Although scientific and medical ad-vancements to fight the effects of de-mentia have made significant progress, we must not, and we cannot, rest. That 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.002 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9095 September 27, 2018 
is why this walk is being held to re-mind us all that the struggle con-tinues. Day after day, we must con-tinue to raise the benchmark and en-sure that progress toward effective treatment and a cure continue. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my south Florida community to soak up some Sun—safely—on November 3 for a good cause, and participate in the Alz-heimer’s Association Miami-Dade Walk. Together, we can take the first step in a world without Alzheimer’s. 
RAISING AWARENESS OF ALOPECIA AREATA  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize September as Alope-cia Areata Awareness Month. Alopecia areata is an autoimmune disease, resulting in the loss of hair on the body, affecting about 7 million Americans. Additionally, of the 7 mil-lion Americans battling alopecia, al-most 15 percent—or just over 1 mil-lion—are under 12 years of age. This is because alopecia often presents itself at an early stage in life, with no warn-ing and no prevention to be had. It ap-pears on the skin, most often as one or more small, round, smooth patches of hair loss on the scalp, and can progress to total hair loss. My constituent, Deirdre Nero, first informed me of the effects and serious-ness of alopecia. Deirdre, who has alo-pecia, is a legislative liaison and sec-retary of the board for the National Al-opecia Areata Foundation. Earlier this month, Deirdre and her fellow NAAF participants were on Capitol Hill advo-cating on behalf of a bill, H.R. 2925, that is called Legislation to Provide Coverage for Wigs As Durable Medical Equipment under the Medicare Pro-gram. That bill title says it all. It is a commonsense reform bill that will make a simple change to the defi-nition of durable medical equipment under the Social Security Act to in-clude cranial prosthetics, alleviating large out-of-pocket expenses for pa-tients. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to have championed this cause during my time in Congress, and I am thankful for the work that the National Alopecia Areata Foundation continues to do on behalf of all patients. Furthermore, I humbly ask my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in recognizing Alopecia Areata Awareness Month and support this im-portant legislation. 
f 
COUNTRY ROADS ARE CALLING ME HOME The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I have been blessed these last 4 years to represent the people of West Virginia’s Third Congressional Dis-trict, but now country roads are call-ing me home. My State is facing a crisis in our ju-dicial system, and I believe back home is where I am needed most to best serve the people of West Virginia. This Sun-day, I will be stepping down from the people’s House to serve as a justice be-ginning Monday on our State Supreme Court. We are proud West Virginians, al-ways working to make sure the State we love is the very best it can be, and taking care of one another when times are tough. In Congress, I have tried to use that Mountain State can-do spirit to help West Virginia grow and pros-per. Here are just a few examples. Helping newborn babies. We have worked to help the most innocent vic-tims of the drug crisis: newborn babies exposed to drugs during pregnancy. The cry of a precious, tiny baby suf-fering through withdrawal is heart-breaking. We were able to cut through Federal red tape and pass legislation, signed by the President, so facilities like Lily’s Place can help children get a healthy start in life. Protecting miner’s healthcare. Our government made a promise to our miners: You go into the bowels of the Earth, mine the coal that fuels our Na-tion, forge the steel that won world wars, and we will guarantee you a se-cure healthcare benefit. We kept that promise, passing legislation protecting healthcare for our retirees and their widows. As go the roads, so go the jobs. As a member of the House Appropriations Committee, I helped fund the FAST Act, bringing $2.5 billion of funding just to West Virginia. Now, we are fix-ing our roads and bridges, and invest-ing in water and sewer infrastructure, transitioning the West Virginia econ-omy. We are bringing broadband to our State in rural parts. Growing more jobs. My motto is a good job solves a lot of problems. You can feel hope and opportunity return-ing to the hills of West Virginia. In fact, our 2017 economic growth rate was one of the highest in the country. I will never forget standing in the Oval Office with President Trump, sur-rounded by our hardworking coal min-ers, as he signed the legislation I helped pass that saved one-third of all coal mining jobs in America. Coal trains are full again and paychecks are back in workers’ pockets. This has truly been a team effort. I want to thank the incredible staff for their hard work and dedication to our constituents. We have handled over 5,000 constituent service requests these last 4 years. We were able to help people like Wetzel Sanders, a true American hero. Wetzel was a corporal in the Army and was injured in the attack on Pearl Har-bor. He took shrapnel to the knee, was bandaged, and went back into the fight. He is now 95 years old, and I was able to present him with a much-de-served Purple Heart he should not have had to wait 76 years to receive. We have also helped people through some of their most difficult times. In a matter of hours in late June 2016, 23 people lost their lives and hundreds of homes were destroyed. Thousands of residents were left with nothing but the clothes on their backs, due to dev-astating floods. We worked hard to help our residents recover and rebuild to get their lives headed back in the right direction. Let me reassure the people of the Third Congressional District, my dedi-cated staff will continue to serve the people of West Virginia, and our con-stituent service won’t skip a beat. Mr. Speaker, I thank West Virginia House Members, my fellow colleagues, DAVID MCKINLEY and A LEX MOONEY , and Senator C
APITO and Senator M
ANCHIN for the opportunity to serve and work with them. They are dedi-cated public servants. I will miss hosting middle school stu-dents late at night, right here on the House floor, talking about the great-ness of our country, and sharing a quiet moment with our heroes on an honor flight from back home at our war memorials here in Washington. I will not miss sleeping on a $99 cot each night these past 4 years in my of-fice here in Washington, but I was never here in Washington to get settled in. Finally, I would like to thank my wife, E.B., and our children, Hollin, Charles, and Olivia, for supporting me each and every step of the way. They have been incredibly patient and un-derstanding about the time public serv-ice has taken from our family time. I love them very much. Again, I thank the citizens of the Third Congressional District for the opportunity to serve them in the United States House of Representa-tives. God bless America and God bless West Virginia. 
f 
RECOGNIZING KIDS’ ORCHESTRA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the nonprofit orga-nization Kids’ Orchestra for the posi-tive impact it has had on the children throughout East Baton Rouge Parish. Kids’ Orchestra is located in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and is one of the largest after school programs for ele-mentary schools in the entire United States. The program began in 2011 with 30 students from a few local schools. Now, 800 students from 21 schools par-ticipate each year, learning a musical instrument, performing in an ensem-ble, and/or singing in the choir. Kids’ Orchestra uses music as a way to teach students valuable lessons, both in and out of the classroom. Ulti-mately, they are successful, as 82 per-cent of their students say they feel more confident, part of the team, and like they are good at something after completing the program. Teachers and parents also see improvements in peer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.005 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9096 September 27, 2018 
interaction, self-confidence, school at-tendance, and classroom behavior from the participating students. These benefits translate academi-cally also, as, on average, Kids’ Orches-tra students receive 15 percent higher grades than students who do not par-ticipate in the program. The organization also aims to create a strong sense of community between the children from all different back-grounds, different neighborhoods, and different schools. Each class contains 25 students of varying ages, schools, and skill levels, all brought together for weekly lessons and regular perform-ances. By forming a community based on musical training and enrichment, Kids’ Orchestra is making a positive impact on neighborhood schools and individual students. I am proud to have had this program in Louisiana, and I look forward to see-ing the positive impacts from the orga-nization for many, many years to come. 
CELEBRATING NATIONAL RICE MONTH  
Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate September as Na-tional Rice Month. Very few places in the world take their rice as seriously as Louisiana, where we produced 2.7 billion pounds of rice just last year. Rice is also a huge economic driver for the United States, as rice milling operations generate about $6 billion in wages and business profits, according to the LSU AgCenter. U.S. rice not only puts food on our tables, but also on tables across the world. We contribute 5 percent of the total rice exports in food aid to devel-oping nations. This is the kind of inter-national contribution our rice pro-ducers can be proud of. In turn, I am proud to represent the hardworking rice farmers across Lou-isiana. They produce high-quality rice that feeds the world, gives jobs to their neighbors, and helps the community. These facts alone make rice worth celebrating all month long. 
f 
BATTLING THE WILDFIRES THAT PLAGUE CALIFORNIA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, let me start by thanking the thousands of firefighters who, each year, put their lives at risk to battle wildfires like those that have plagued California and other western States. We owe it to them, as well as to the American peo-ple, to use every measure available to fight fires in ways that reduce the risk to those firefighters and the risk of los-ing lives and property among our popu-lation. Just in the last year, and that is in 2018, wildfires in California burned 1,117,000 acres. Nationally, there was 6.5 million acres burned. In California, we had six fatalities. Nationally, there were 16 fatalities. California property losses were 2,356 houses—those are peo-ple’s homes—and 1,239 nonresidential buildings. On that note, today, I would like to draw the attention of my colleagues and the American people to what I con-sider to be an inexcusable roadblock that is stopping the implementation of new, innovative, and tested effective firefighting technology. In 2008, I helped secure funding for re-search and testing of the technology that ultimately became Precision Con-tainerized Aerial Delivery System, or PCADS. b1030 It was designed specifically for mili-tary aircraft, including the C–17s and the C–130s and others as well. It has been tested over the years and proven to deliver massive amounts of water or fire retardant onto fires using GPS and other expertise. It is safer, more accu-rate, and much more effective than tra-ditional aerial firefighting. Yet a decade later, this technology has not been put to use despite the Air National Guard’s report determining that the PCADs are operationally ef-fective and appropriate for the use of C–130 firefighting aircraft or military aircraft that can be made for fire-fighting. This has been deemed oper-ational, yet for the last 8 months, while we have lost all of these homes and all of these lives, hundreds of these aircraft, C–130s and C–17s, have sat on the tarmac. This aircraft was designed for mili-tary use, but without modification, can save the lives and homes of American citizens throughout this country who are victimized by wildfires and other types of fires. The primary responsi-bility of our government is to protect the lives of our people with the best available tools, and it is certainly not doing so. I include in the RECORD , Mr. Speaker, letters that I have written to the Di-rector of our Air National Guard; to Secretary Mattis, the Secretary of De-fense; and to Heather Wilson, the Sec-retary of the Air Force. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , August 30, 2018. Lt. Gen. L. S
COTT RICE, Director, Air National Guard, Washington, DC. D
EARGENERAL RICE: I draw your attention to our military’s bureaucratic inertia that has led to a needless loss of life and a tre-mendous loss of property. I am referring to the vast damage caused in the Western United States, specifically California, by out-of-control wildfires which have plagued the region for the last few months. This loss of life and property could have been dramati-cally curtailed had our military acted upon an option that was, and is, readily available. Our inventory of C–130 and C–17 aircraft, with inexpensive and slight interior modi-fications, could be used as a major fire-fighting asset that could make a major dif-ference. Instead, these potential incredible firefighting assets sat as California burned. Using these aircraft as valuable firefighting assets would not involve any alteration of the aircraft. This option however has been available and ignored. I call your attention to the Precision Con-tainer Aerial Delivery System (PCADS). I helped win Congressional approval in the 2008 appropriations bill wherein $2.3 million was provided for the research and testing of this system. It is ten years later, and I am frustrated that it has not been used to pro-tect our citizens, our homes, our businesses, and our wildlands. The Air National Guard determined that PCADS is operationally effective and is ap-propriate for C–130 firefighting. The final re-port on PCADS that found it to be a reliable option was released in January 2018, yet seven months later there has been no action taken to deploy the system. During those seven months, we have suffered 109 large fires which have burned 1.9 million acres, caused 16 fire fatalities, and destroyed 2,356 houses. During this time, our C–130’s and C– 17’s equipped with this system could have had a major impact on these fires. This is ut-terly unacceptable when we have a proven technology that responds faster and delivers massive quantities of water and fire retard-ant with GPS directed drops in contrast to the status quo. Furthermore, military trans-port aircraft can be rapidly and easily re-loaded with water or fire retardant as com-pared to any other system. When the Amer-ican people discover how bureaucratic in-transigence has caused such preventable wildfire damage they will be justifiably out-raged. Today, I am demanding that actions be taken upon receipt of this letter to facilitate the use of this simple and inexpensive tech-nology which will easily turn our inventory of C–130’s and C–17’s into firefighting water and fire-retardant bombers. I hope you will take this letter seriously enough in order to prevent even more dam-age in the state of California and elsewhere. Yours sincerely, DANAROHRABACHER (CA 48), Member of Congress. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , August 30, 2018. Hon. J
AMES N. M ATTIS , Secretary of Defense, Washington, DC. D
EARSECRETARY MATTIS : I draw your at-tention to our military’s bureaucratic iner-tia that has led to a needless loss of life and a tremendous loss of property. I am referring to the vast damage caused in the Western United States, specifically California, by out-of-control wildfires which have plagued the region for the last few months. This loss of life and property could have been dramati-cally curtailed had our military acted upon an option that was, and is, readily available. Our inventory of C–130 and C–17 aircraft, with inexpensive and slight interior modi-fications, could be used as a major fire-fighting asset that could make a major dif-ference. Instead, these potential incredible firefighting assets sat as California burned. Using these aircraft as valuable firefighting assets would not involve any alteration of the aircraft. This option however has been available and ignored. I call your attention to the Precision Con-tainer Aerial Delivery System (PCADS). I helped win Congressional approval in the 2008 appropriations bill wherein $2.3 million was provided for the research and testing of this system. It is ten years later, and I am frustrated that it has not been used to pro-tect our citizens, our homes, our businesses, and our wildlands. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.006 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9097 September 27, 2018 
The Air National Guard determined that PCADS is operationally effective and is ap-propriate for C–130 firefighting. The final re-port on PCADS that found it to be a reliable option was released in January 2018, yet seven months later there has been no action taken to deploy the system. During those seven months, we have suffered 109 large fires which have burned 1.9 million acres, caused 16 fire fatalities, and destroyed 2,356 houses. During this time, our C–130’s and C– 17’s equipped with this system could have had a major impact on these fires. This is ut-terly unacceptable when we have a proven technology that responds faster and delivers massive quantities of water and fire retard-ant with GPS directed drops in contrast to the status quo. Furthermore, military trans-port aircraft can be rapidly and easily re-loaded with water or fire retardant as com-pared to any other system. When the Amer-ican people discover how bureaucratic in-transigence has caused such preventable wildfire damage they will be justifiably out-raged. Today, I am demanding that actions be taken upon receipt of this letter to facilitate the use of this simple and inexpensive tech-nology which will easily turn our inventory of C–130’s and C–17’s into firefighting water and fire-retardant bombers. I hope you will take this letter seriously enough in order to prevent even more dam-age in the state of California and elsewhere. Yours sincerely, D
ANAROHRABACHER (CA 48), Member of Congress. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, August 30, 2018. Hon. H
EATHER WILSON , Secretary of the Air Force, Washington, DC. D
EARSECRETARY WILSON : I draw your at-tention to our military’s bureaucratic iner-tia that has led to a needless loss of life and a tremendous loss of property. I am referring to the vast damage caused in the Western United States, specifically California, by out-of-control wildfires which have plagued the region for the last few months. This loss of life and property could have been dramati-cally curtailed had our military acted upon an option that was, and is, readily available. Our inventory of C–130 and C–17 aircraft, with inexpensive and slight interior modi-fications, could be used as a major fire-fighting asset that could make a major dif-ference. Instead, these potential incredible firefighting assets sat as California burned. Using these aircraft as valuable firefighting assets would not involve any alteration of the aircraft. This option however has been available and ignored. I call your attention to the Precision Con-tainer Aerial Delivery System (PCADS). I helped win Congressional approval in the 2008 appropriations bill wherein $2.3 million was provided for the research and testing of this system. It is ten years later, and I am frustrated that it has not been used to pro-tect our citizens, our homes, our businesses, and our wildlands. The Air National Guard determined that PCADS is operationally effective and is ap-propriate for C–130 firefighting. The final re-port on PCADS that found it to be a reliable option was released in January 2018, yet seven months later there has been no action taken to deploy the system. During those seven months, we have suffered 109 large fires which have burned 1.9 million acres, caused 16 fire fatalities, and destroyed 2,356 houses. During this time, our C–130’s and C– 17’s equipped with this system could have had a major impact on these fires. This is ut-terly unacceptable when we have a proven technology that responds faster and delivers massive quantities of water and fire retard-ant with GPS directed drops in contrast to the status quo. Furthermore, military trans-port aircraft can be rapidly and easily re-loaded with water or fire retardant as com-pared to any other system. When the Amer-ican people discover how bureaucratic in-transigence has caused such preventable wildfire damage they will be justifiably out-raged. Today, I am demanding that actions be taken upon receipt of this letter to facilitate the use of this simple and inexpensive tech-nology which will easily turn our inventory of C–130’s and C–17’s into firefighting water and fire-retardant bombers. I hope you will take this letter seriously enough in order to prevent even more dam-age in the state of California and elsewhere. Yours sincerely, DANAROHRABACHER (CA 48), Member of Congress. 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I would hope that we would get some support from these leaders who have been appointed by President Trump to protect the American people in any way they can. Having these airplanes sit on the tarmac in California and elsewhere throughout this country when they could drop fire retardant and massive amounts of fire retardant water saving homes—little cul de sacs that would catch on fire and be destroyed, one flight over those cul de sacs could have saved them. Thousands of people have lost their lives needlessly because of bureau-cratic intransigence in our military, so we are calling on the Air National Guard, the Air Force, and, of course, our Secretary of Defense to unblock this impediment to protecting the lives of our people with U.S. military equip-ment that can do the job. 
f 
RECOGNIZING OTHERWISE GIFTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a small business in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, that was recently recognized by the Lansdale Economic Development Com-mittee as Business of the Month. Otherwise Gifts, located on Green Street, has been a fixture in Lansdale since its opening in 1979. Owner John Otherwise describes his shop as con-taining unique gifts for everyone. In-deed, Otherwise Gifts sells everything from antiques, woodworking items, lamps, furniture, and nearly every-thing else John believes would help beautify Lansdale community homes. A Philadelphia native, John pre-viously worked in construction and in the nuclear industry before deciding to follow his passion and open his own store. At age 77, John continues to offer unique experiences and gifts to citizens of Montgomery County and throughout the region. I wish John and his wife, Cynthia, all of the best, and I send my congratula-tions to Otherwise Gifts on being named Lansdale’s Business of the Month. RECOGNIZING MARY , MOTHER OF THE REDEEMER  
SCHOOL  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a school in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, that plays a tremendous role in the de-velopment of our youngest citizens. Mary, Mother of the Redeemer School in North Wales has provided educational growth and spiritual guid-ance since 2003. While the parish com-munity has existed since the church was established in 1987, it is a testa-ment to MMR’s parishioners’ devotion to their faith and community that a school was ultimately established. It also comes as no surprise that this school has some remarkable achieve-ments. MMR is a nationally ranked Blue Ribbon, School of Excellence, a rec-ognition of exceptional academic achievement bestowed by the U.S. De-partment of Education. Earning this award despite its mere 15 years in ex-istence demonstrates the future is tre-mendously bright for this amazing school. Mr. Speaker, I commend Mary, Moth-er of the Redeemer School Principal Denise Judge and all faculty, staff, and parents for facilitating such a wonder-ful community school. We are grateful for your presence in our community, and we wish you all the best. 
RECOGNIZING MONTGOMERYVILLE ELEMENTARY  
SCHOOL  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a school in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, that plays a pivotal role in the develop-ment of our community’s youth. Montgomeryville Elementary, lo-cated in North Wales, is known for in-stilling in its students the value of aca-demic success and the virtues of ac-ceptance and appreciation. These ideas are ultimately culminated into the school’s motto: ‘‘Dream big. Achieve greatness.’’ Last year, Montgomery Elementary was ranked the 48th best elementary school in the State of Pennsylvania. This is no small feat, especially given that Pennsylvania contains over 4,000 elementary schools. These noteworthy milestones would not be made possible without the as-sistance of a dedicated staff and school community. I am especially grateful for the leadership of principal TJ Seidenberger, who has given Mont-gomery Elementary the tools they need to thrive and succeed since he took the helm at the school. We thank Montgomery Elementary for all they do for our community, and we wish them continued success in the future. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SALVATION ARMY OF GREATER CHAT-TANOOGA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27SE7.003 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9098 September 27, 2018 
Tennessee (Mr. F LEISCHMANN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Salvation Army of Greater Chattanooga as they celebrate their 125th anniversary. This exceptional organization has been an integral part of the Hamilton County community, helping those in need with compassion and uplifting them during the most trying of times. The Salvation Army of Chattanooga opened its doors on March 16, 1893. Never pausing in their service to the community, the Salvation Army con-tinued operations through World War I, the Great Depression, and World War II. For 125 years, members of the Salva-tion Army have worked to feed, clothe, and empower the great people of Ten-nessee’s Third District. On a number of occasions, I can re-flect on many fond memories with the Salvation Army. During the holiday season, I have had the honor of being kettle co-chairman with my wonderful wife of 32 years, Brenda—today we are celebrating our 32nd wedding anniver-sary—to serve this outstanding organi-zation and its wonderful people. As a matter of fact, my wonderful wife, Brenda, serves on the board of direc-tors with several outstanding Chattanoogans. Regardless of the time of year, when-ever I spend time at the Salvation Army on McCallie Avenue, I witness Tennesseans coming together to pro-vide help, hope, and healing to one an-other. That is the embodiment of the great Volunteer spirit. Mr. Speaker, I would like to con-gratulate the Salvation Army of Great-er Chattanooga on 125 years of service. I am sure they will continue to do the most good for residents of Hamilton and surrounding counties for many years to come. 
f 
RECOGNIZING GROVER C. FEWOX The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. N
ORMAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of Grover C. Fewox, who died September 13, 2018. Mr. Fewox went to war at the age of 17. He was one of 16 million Americans who served in World War II. His war-time service was concentrated in the bloody ocean battlegrounds of the Pa-cific aboard the Sperry, a submarine tender and the first United States Navy ship to be launched after Japan’s attack on Pearl Harbor. His career began on April 29, 1942, as a seaman apprentice in the United States Navy. He was honorably dis-charged on December 13, 1963, as a sen-ior chief torpedoman, after 21 years of dedicated service. While serving in the United States Navy, Mr. Fewox was awarded the National Defense Service Medal and seven Good Conduct Medals. Like so many others answering America’s anxious calls to service, he found the experience of war to be rites of passage to manhood. He was never much for war stories, but he surely en-joyed a constancy of fellowship with his fellow travelers in organizations such as the Fleet Review Association and The American Legion. Mr. Fewox served in the Navy for 16 years after the war ended, and when he retired in 1962, he moved to Charleston to work at the naval weapons station. He had begun a second career of public service, and he and his wife, Neta, would raise three daughters in Hana-han, South Carolina. Mr. Fewox and Neta committed to their marriage in the early days of the war. He mailed her an engagement ring from a West Coast duty station. As the years passed, they had a date every day. It was a standing happy hour, of pause for undistractible table talk over refreshments of drinks and some snacks. It was a discipline that nur-tures bonds; it was the practice of that love story that grew stronger after 72 years. Upon his retirement, he received a letter of appreciation from the com-manding officer of the naval weapons station in Charleston, South Carolina. Among other things, the letter said: Your performance as an electronic me-chanic was very professional, as evidenced by a Sustained Superior Performance Award and cash award for the period of June 5, 1967, through June 5, 1968, and again May 4, 1977, through May 4, 1978. In addition, you have received numerous letters of appreciation for superior performance and are a member of the 1,000 Hours Sick Leave Club. Your attention to duty, cheerful coopera-tion, adaptability, knowledge, and general attitude toward your work within the Ord-nance Department have been most praise-worthy. Your contributions to the team ef-fort of ‘‘Service to the Fleet’’ and the result-ant high quality of accomplishments are greatly appreciated. Your dedicated service reflects great credit not only to yourself but to the naval weapons station as well. As you complete your civil service career, allow me to add my personal ‘‘Thank you and well done.’’ You can reminisce with pride that you have given your best to the naval weapons station in Charleston. I know that your fellow workers and your many friends join me in wishing you and Mrs. Fewox the blessings of a long, healthy, and happy retirement. 
It was signed D.M. Agnew, Com-manding Officer of the naval weapons station. There are 7,200 World War II veterans still with us in South Carolina. Be-cause of Mr. Fewox and others who made up the Greatest Generation, America won that horrible war and then led the rebuilding and reknitting of the world, kindling global trade pat-terns and commercial alliances. It was a postwar world order anchored by America’s strength and determination to nurture freedom and human dignity. Undoubtedly, America is a better place because Mr. Fewox answered the call. JUSTICE FOR BOTHAM JEAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. VEASEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring attention to Botham Jean. Botham Jean was from the island of St. Lucia. He moved to Dallas, went to college, and got a good job. As soon as he moved to Dallas, he joined a church because he was a Christian and very much into the Word of Jesus Christ. On a Friday night a few weeks ago, he was in his apartment doing the right thing at 10 o’clock at night, prob-ably trying to relax and unwind from the workday, and a Dallas police offi-cer mistakenly came into his house and shot and killed him. My prayers are with Botham’s family and friends. Officer Amber Guyger, who killed Botham, has been charged with man-slaughter, even though she aimed, pulled, and fired the trigger. The last five people in Dallas County who have been charged with manslaughter have been charged with that charge because of drunk driving. She was charged with manslaughter even though she aimed, again, and pulled the trigger. The Dallas Police Department fired Guyger on Monday amid overwhelming outrage in the community. I think it was the right decision, but it was long overdue. I want to be clear. I respect law en-forcement in this country and their sacrifices. But also, if we look at the facts of this case, the facts show us that Officer Guyger shot an unarmed Black man in his own apartment, and she was able to go back to her apart-ment that night. She had days before police finally arrested her, and she was given the benefit of the doubt, some-thing that was not given to Botham Jean. I firmly believe that if Officer Guyger had walked into that apart-ment and seen a White man or a White woman, she would not have pulled that trigger. I firmly believe that. That is the root of the problem. What I can say with certainty is that I am tired of waiting for a time when it is safe to be a Black man in America. b1045 I have a 12-year-old son. Other Con-gressional Black Caucus members have kids and grandkids, sons and grandsons. Other people around the country have sons, grandsons, and nephews whom they love and want to be safe every day. America is at the brink of a pro-longed watershed moment between the African-American community and po-lice officers in this country. We need action. We need to collectively break the dam. As a Nation, we need to fix the culture of police brutality and gun violence against communities of color that have lined the fabric of this coun-try for over a century. Our criminal justice system is rooted in a systemic failure to prosecute the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.010 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9099 September 27, 2018 
unjustified shooting of Black men and boys. I am deeply troubled that the Texas Rangers took so long to issue an arrest warrant for Amber Guyger. I am angry that people are actually calling Botham’s character into account be-cause he had a very small amount of marijuana in his apartment: 0.3 ounces. We will never know what was in Amber Guyger’s apartment because, again, it was 36 hours before a warrant was issued for her arrest. Police didn’t go and search her apartment. She had days to clear out her apartment, if there was anything in there, but we will never know because it took them so long to issue an arrest warrant after she walked into someone’s apartment that was not her own and, again, aimed, fired, and pulled the trigger. I am heartbroken that this man was killed in his own apartment, a place where all of us should feel safe. But what gets me most upset is that noth-ing has changed. This is a story that we have heard on repeat, and the dial will keep spinning until we put an end to it. We all know the names, and there have been too many to share, but I just wanted to remind you of a few. In South Carolina, Levar Jones was stopped at a gas station. He was in-structed by police officers to get his li-cense. He had his hands up. As he was reaching for his license, the police shot him, after being instructed to get his license and insurance out of the car. In Florida, Charles Kinsey was shot while taking care of an autistic pa-tient. Go back and look at the YouTube videos of these. You don’t have to take my word. He is sitting on the curb, taking care of this autistic patient, hands up in the air, and police shoot him. Antwon Rose from east Pittsburgh was 17 years old. He was unarmed, with his hands up, and shot by a policeman. Go and look at the videos. Their lives have all been cut short. Males in the Black community have been unjustly killed in our country at a staggering rate. We need law enforcement to be transparent in the line of duty and we need to work diligently to remove bi-ases for those ranks. I hope that is something we can do together. Don’t think it can’t be your rights next. Don’t think they won’t tread on you. 
f 
NATIVE AMERICAN HERITAGE MONTH: HONORING THE LIFE OF JUDI GAIASHKIBOS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize one of Nebraska’s daughters for Native American Herit-age Month, Judi Gaiashkibos, a de-scendant of Chief Smoke Maker of the Ponca Nation, who was a signatory to an early treaty between the United States and the Ponca people in 1825. Judi has served as the Executive Di-rector for the Nebraska Commission on Indian Affairs since 1995, where she fo-cuses on creating partnerships and coa-litions with elected representatives, Tribal leaders, nonprofit organizations, and educational institutions. She has been the principal liaison to the Ne-braska legislature in developing policy for the State’s four federally recog-nized Tribes and all its native citizens. In 2006, she was elected as the president of the Governor’s Interstate Indian Council. In fact, Nebraska Governor Pete Ricketts praised Judi as ‘‘an ad-vocate for Nebraska’s first people and a loyal spokeswoman for their prior-ities.’’ Judi earned a bachelor of arts degree in Human Relations and completed her master’s in Management, both from Doane College in Nebraska. In 2009, Judy was a lecturer and advisor for the first Native Daughters Project at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln College of Journalism and Mass Communica-tions, and is currently an adjunct pro-fessor for the second Native Daughters project, focusing on the Indian women of Oklahoma. In her long and distinguished career, Judi has served on many advisory councils across the State, including the Nebraska Minority Justice Committee, the P–16 Leadership Council, and the Nebraska Partners in Prevention Coali-tion. In 2008, she was appointed to the University of Nebraska President’s Ad-visory Council. Additionally, Judi is a member of the Racial Profiling Advisory Committee, the U.S. Census Advisory Board, the Interchurch Ministries’ Grants to American Indians in Nebraska, the Ne-braska Rural Development Commis-sion, and recently completed a 3-year term on the Board of the United Way. She is a member of the Sheldon Mu-seum of Art’s Advisory Council and, in 2012, was appointed to the Doane Uni-versity Board of Trustees. Judi is a leader. Because of her cou-rageous leadership, she has garnered many prestigious awards, including the Douglas County Historical Society 2009 Door Keeper Award for opening new doorways in the spirit of unity, equal-ity, and understanding. She was the 2012 recipient of the prestigious Ne-braska Humanities Sower Award. She received the distinguished NEBRASKAlander Award at the 2017 annual Statehood Dinner. An enrolled member of the Ponca Tribe of Nebraska, Judi descends from a family of great leaders and role mod-els, and credits much of her success to their love and support. Her mother was born in 1913, and as a young girl at-tended the Genoa Indian School. Fol-lowing this, her mother returned to the Ponca homelands and served on the Ponca Tribal Council in her thirties, at a time when non-Indian women were not serving in these elected positions. Later, Judi’s mother and grand-parents moved with her and her 10 brothers and sisters to Norfolk, Ne-braska. Her mother and grandmother took turns working and caring for the family at a time when most women were not working outside the home. As other Ponca followed them off the res-ervation, Judi’s mother continued to serve as a leader to many of them, helping them get settled and find op-portunities. Her mother was a liaison between the two worlds, much like Judi is today. Eager to share the history of the Ponca, Judi will eagerly tell you about two key historic moments. The first is the trial of Chief Standing Bear. After the forced removal of Ponca to Okla-homa and the ‘‘warm lands,’’ Standing Bear began the return journey home to bury his 16-year-old son, keeping a deathbed promise he made. The Ponca were arrested in Nebraska by General George Crook’s soldiers. On May 12, 1879, Standing Bear won an important victory for himself and for all Native Americans, stating that he was a person under United States law. The second significant event in Ponca history was their Tribal termi-nation in 1966, and the Ponca Tribe of Nebraska’s historic restoration on Oc-tober 31, 1990. Judi believes we are all ambassadors for our people, and it is important that we show up each and every day for duty and live by our traditional principles. She is motivated each day by a famous quote by Wilma Mankiller from the Native Daughters publication and the women of Oklahoma that states, ‘‘The secret of our success is that we never, never give up.’’ We are inspired by the life and exam-ple of Judi Gaiashkibos. I can think of no one more fitting to honor for Native American Heritage Month. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 52 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. You alone can trace the deepest fault lines of history and read the highest aspirations of the human heart. Be with the Members of the people’s House this day. Give them sound judgment and make them as practical and street-wise as the American people who sent them here as their representatives. Help them to withstand open criti-cism when they know what is right be-fore You and conscience. Often they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.012 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9100 September 27, 2018 
are characterized by half-truths and at-tributed motives that are far beneath them. Uphold them at such times, with personal integrity and compassion for those most in need. Having called them to serve others to the best of their ability, lift them even higher by Your grace and power to live and work for Your greater honor and glory, both now and forever. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. K
IHUEN ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. KIHUEN led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
ACKNOWLEDGE JERUSALEM AS TRUE CAPITAL OF ISRAEL (Mr. ROKITA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, recently, our friends in the Jewish community celebrated their holiest days. During these times, I know they have taken note of America’s strong support for Israel. Our two countries are tied by com-mon values and joint interests as we share commitments to freedom and de-mocracy, societal pillars in short sup-ply in Israel’s immediate neighbor-hood. The history of the Jewish people is one of faith, one of honor, but, most importantly, survival. This week, President Trump reiter-ated our Nation’s strong support for Israel in his address to the United Na-tions General Assembly. He told the world that the United States will not stay silent against threats to Israel and made it clear that moving the American Embassy was a sign of peace. I am calling on the rest of the world leaders to acknowledge Jerusalem as the true capital of Israel and to protect God’s chosen people at their time of peril. It is time we all stand in soli-darity for the Israeli nation. GREAT LAKES RESTORATION INITIATIVE (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, since 2010, Congress has in-vested $2.5 billion to fund the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, a pro-gram that has protected and restored the largest source of fresh water in the world. A new study coordinated by the Great Lakes Commission and con-ducted by the University of Michigan has shown restoring our waterways is also restoring economic opportunity in the once struggling Great Lakes re-gion. Every Federal dollar invested is producing three to four times that amount in regional economic growth and activity. Thirty years ago, the Buffalo River was declared biologically dead and eco-logically destroyed because of indus-trial dumping of toxic waste directly into the river. In Buffalo and western New York, Great Lakes Restoration Initiative investments in and around the Great Lakes and the Buffalo River have led to more than $100 million in private sector investments along the water’s edge, new residential demand, increased tourism, and a waterfront re-birth. Time and again, I have stood on this floor and fought to maintain the Great Lakes restoration funding, and this is why: the investments made are bring-ing our waterways and our cities back to life. f 
HAYS COUNTY HONOR FLIGHT (Mr. WILLIAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, today, I would like to take a moment to rec-ognize a special group of veterans from Hays County in the 25th District of Texas that will all board an Honor Flight to our Nation’s Capital today. For those who don’t know, the pur-pose of an Honor Flight is to transport American veterans to Washington, D.C., to visit the memorials dedicated to honor their service and their sac-rifices. On this particular flight, we will have 6 World War II veterans, 18 Ko-rean war veterans, and 17 Vietnam war veterans from central Texas. The flight is named in honor of Bill Kolbe, who was a World War II veteran who served in the Army Air Corps. As the representative of the veterans on this Honor Flight, I would like to take this opportunity to simply say we thank them, and we love them. We thank them for so selflessly serving this great Nation and for being the he-roes we so desperately need today. Being able to serve these warfighters in Congress is one of my greatest hon-ors, and I will continue to do every-thing I can to support our veterans in Hays County and around the Nation. God bless our veterans, and God bless the United States of America. f 
HONORING LIFE OF LORETTA M
CKINNEY HARPER (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize the life of my friend, Loretta McKinney Harper. Ms. Harper was a high school coun-selor at Desert Pines High School, where she counseled thousands of stu-dents over her 17 years there. But Ms. Harper was more than just a counselor. She was a friend, a mentor to her stu-dents, and an inspirational community leader. Ms. Harper cared deeply for her stu-dents and auctioned off personal memorabilia to assist her undocu-mented students with their DACA fil-ing fees. Ms. Harper attended Know Your Rights training sessions so she could stand up for them when they were un-able to do so for themselves. Ms. Harper instilled in her students a sense of civic duty and bragged about her students who registered to vote as soon as they became eligible to do so. Ms. Harper was a true patriot who loved our democratic process. During elections, Loretta devoted countless hours to voting registration, volun-teering on campaigns, and getting out the vote. Her energy inspired others. Sadly, on September 18, 2018, Ms. Lo-retta Harper passed away. Today, I stand here to honor Loretta as a shining star of community service. Ms. Harper was driven by her love of her community and a burning desire to make it better. Mr. Speaker, as I reflect on her con-tributions to our community over so many years, I can attest that she left her community in a better place. I will miss my friend. 
f 
HONORING EVAN HANSEN (Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor the life of Evan Hansen, a senior at Wabash Col-lege who ended his life on September 10. Evan epitomized compassion, char-ity, and loving his neighbor. He was the kind of young man who made cus-tomers feel special when he greeted them personally while working at Joe’s Butcher store in Carmel. His parents, Chuck and Mary, have been overwhelmed by the outpouring of love they have received from friends at home and from overseas. He had stud-ied abroad, making lasting friendships from people all around the world. Evan was admired by his teammates as the captain of the Wabash football team. While he was tough as nails on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.014 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9101 September 27, 2018 
the football field, he was truly as car-ing as Mother Teresa off the field. He organized the summer lunch program for children in need at his church, Our Lady of Mount Carmel. He was always ready to lend a hand to someone in need or offer his smile to friends and strangers. He planned on attending Marian University’s nursing program next year. September is National Suicide Pre-vention Month. It is my hope we can remove the stigma of mental health issues so that all of us can help people like Evan who believe their only way to finding peace is by making a deci-sion that can never be undone. 
f 
LARGE AGRIBUSINESS MERGERS (Mr. KHANNA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge support for the Food and Agri-business Merger Moratorium and Anti-trust Review Act of 2018. I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this bill in-troduced by Representative P
OCAN and an original founder of the Congres-sional Antitrust Caucus. This bill is good for our farmers. It would place a short-term moratorium on the large agribusiness mergers that we are seeing across our Nation. Fewer farmers mean fewer choices for con-sumers and higher prices. Agricultural consolidation is a huge problem. Today, the top four beef pack-ers control 82 percent of the market. Missouri had 23,000 hog farms in 1985, but only 2,200 in 2012. Four companies control 85 percent of soybean proc-essing. I could go on and on. We need to temporarily stop these big mergers, and we need to start look-ing out for our farmers again. When the farm bill expires this week, small family farmers should be first. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BILL PICKETT (Mr. SHIMKUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Bill Pickett of Danville, Illinois, who is celebrating 50 years of reporting the news for Neuhoff Media. Having recently graduated from Danville High School in 1968, Bill be-came one of the youngest newsmen in the business at 17 years of age. It wasn’t very long after he started that Bill went live with his first story: an explosion at the grain elevator in Danville. Bill witnessed the fireball erupting and the walls of the elevator slowly crumble into a heap of debris. All that night, Bill provided live up-dates on the disaster. As the fire sub-sided, it became apparent to Bill that he had found his calling. Over the past half century, Bill has gone from answering phones to being the news director for several news out-lets. His duties require him to act as investigative reporter, news gatherer, copy editor, and broadcaster. Mr. Speaker, many voices have been raised in recognition of Bill’s remark-able career, and I am pleased to be able to add my own to the chorus. I wish Bill and Neuhoff Media all the best in the future as we celebrate Mr. Bill Pickett’s 50 years in radio. f 
RECOGNIZING LES JOHNSON (Mr. BACON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Les Johnson, who served as the police chief of the town of Bennington in my district from 2004 until his untimely death this past Au-gust at the age of 51. He died from head injuries related to an off-duty incident. People who knew Chief Les Johnson said he had a steady hand and was a big man with a big heart, and that he was an extremely kind and thoughtful per-son. Former Mayor Gordon Mueller re-called how Johnson worked to bring upgrades to the police department, in-cluding finding a good deal on a car, as the two squad cars were continuously breaking down. The superintendent of Bennington schools said Johnson would help with traffic at the beginning of the school year. These are just a couple of stories rep-resenting his faithful service and work ethic. Johnson joined the Bennington Po-lice Department as a part-time officer in 1992. While it is a small department, a big man with a big heart led it. Chief Johnson is survived by his wife, Alice Ann of Waterloo, and daughters, Paxton and Hannah. We send them our prayers and thoughts. We will miss Chief Johnson. 
f 
REAUTHORIZATION OF THE FED-ERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRA-TION PROGRAMS (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to applaud the passage of H.R. 302, the Federal Aviation Administration Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2018. This bipartisan legislation includes a 5-year reauthorization of FAA pro-grams that promote safety and Amer-ican leadership in aviation. It also strengthens consumer voices and in-vests in our airport infrastructure. Importantly, the Essential Air Serv-ice program was reauthorized for an additional 5 years through fiscal year 2023. This program is vital for rural Amer-ica. It ensures taxpayers in small, rural communities are connected to the na-tional transportation system. This pro-gram provides links to hub airports at more than 170 locations in 36 States and territories, including three in my congressional district, which would otherwise lack commercial air service. Reliable transportation plays a key role in growing jobs all over the coun-try, and rural America should be no ex-ception. Additionally, this bill includes im-portant reforms to the Federal Con-tract Tower Program, which has a proven record of enhancing aviation safety and provides significant cost savings to the taxpayers. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased the House approved this bill to keep all Ameri-cans connected to reliable and safe air transportation. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
OST) laid before the House the fol-lowing communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, September 27, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on September 27, 2018, at 11:54 a.m.: That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 4854. That the Senate passed S. 3508. That the Senate passed S. 3509. Appointment: Board of Trustees of the Harry S. Truman Scholarship Foundation. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
b1215 PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6756, AMERICAN INNOVA-TION ACT OF 2018; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6757, FAMILY SAVINGS ACT OF 2018; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF H.R. 6760, PROTECTING FAMILY AND SMALL BUSINESS TAX CUTS ACT OF 2018; AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM OC-TOBER 1, 2018, THROUGH NOVEM-BER 12, 2018 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 1084 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 1084 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 6756) to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to promote new business innovation, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill, modified by the amendment printed in part A of the report of the Com-mittee on Rules accompanying this resolu-tion, shall be considered as adopted. The bill, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.016 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9102 September 27, 2018 
as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous ques-tion shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amend-ment thereto, to final passage without inter-vening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means; and (2) one mo-tion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. S
EC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 6757) to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to encourage retirement and family savings, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill, modified by the amendment printed in part B of the report of the Com-mittee on Rules accompanying this resolu-tion, shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous ques-tion shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amend-ment thereto, to final passage without inter-vening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means; and (2) one mo-tion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. S
EC. 3. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 6760) to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to make permanent certain provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act af-fecting individuals, families, and small busi-nesses. All points of order against consider-ation of the bill are waived. The amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill, modified by the amend-ment printed in part C of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this res-olution, shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. The yeas and nays shall be considered as ordered on the question of passage. Clause 5(b) of rule XXI shall not apply to the bill or amendments thereto. S
EC. 4. On any legislative day during the period from October 1, 2018, through Novem-ber 12, 2018 — (a) the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and (b) the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, arti-cle I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. S
EC. 5. The Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the du-ration of the period addressed by section 4 of this resolution as though under clause 8(a) of rule I. S
EC. 6. Each day during the period ad-dressed by section 4 of this resolution shall not constitute a calendar day for purposes of section 7 of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1546). S
EC. 7. Each day during the period ad-dressed by section 4 of this resolution shall not constitute a legislative day for purposes of clause 7 of rule XIII. SEC. 8. Each day during the period ad-dressed by section 4 of this resolution shall not constitute a calendar or legislative day for purposes of clause 7(c)(1) of rule XXII. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), who is my friend and the ranking member of the Rules Com-mittee, pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of de-bate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this rule and the underlying legislation. This rule pro-vides for consideration of H.R. 6760, the Protecting Family and Small Business Tax Cuts Act of 2018; H.R. 6757, the Family Savings Act of 2018; and H.R. 6756, the American Innovation Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, just yesterday we had members of the Ways and Means Com-mittee and other Members who came to the Rules Committee. They came to the Rules Committee to discuss before the committee the important aspects of continuing the economic growth that we have currently right now in our lifetime in the United States of America. What a great time to be an Amer-ican. Perhaps more importantly, what a great time to look forward to a great future, a future not only where the American Dream becomes available to each and every person, but even if you happen to be on the lowest end of the totem pole, perhaps beginning work today, those are the people who have benefited from not only the tax cut that President Trump, this House, and the Republican Senate made sure that we pass, but, more importantly, giving to the American worker the oppor-tunity to have, not just a sense of ac-complishment, not just a job, but po-tentially a career that moves forward. What has happened as a result of that is what brings us to where we are here today. They say that success has many fa-thers and mothers. In this case, it is aunts, uncles, and all sorts of people, Mr. Speaker, who can proudly look up and say: I am a part of what is prob-ably the greatest economy that so many people can now enjoy. Instead of being isolated to one sec-tion of this economy, it will abound. You will hear me talk about even people who get up early in the morn-ing, early risers. I used to be one of those because I threw a paper route. I would have to get up in the morning, and it gave me a lot of time to think about my future as I served what was my paper route, my small business, and my opportunity in second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, and eighth grade, as I developed myself as a young man—not just as a Scout, to become an Eagle Scout—but as a person who saw himself growing up in a great country, America. That is how I developed my American Dream. I developed my American Dream by sitting down with my family at a table and understanding Ameri-canism and opportunity. It was about the free enterprise system. It was about a dream that I would have. For too long, Mr. Speaker, we have had those in government who con-trolled our lives. They controlled our lives with high taxes, more rules and regulations, and a demand that Wash-ington knew more about our dream than we did. No more, Mr. Speaker, because last December there was an opportunity—a historic opportunity—that was seen as political because our friends on the other side did not vote for the bill. Even today they take advantage and talk about what are supposedly its frailties. But the American people know differently, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker, we have today in Amer-ica a higher GDP rate than we do un-employment rate. Today we have the opportunity to see that we are going to grow that GDP by asking this Congress to make permanent that which today is in law for only a short 10 years. We believe that what we have done is to give the American people—even people at the lowest end—the opportunity to take part in making America great again. At that same time, we will make their lives so much better. So, Mr. Speaker, what we are going to do is we are going to talk about this today, and you will see that there are two different visions. One vision wants to go back to higher taxation, rules and regulations, and government con-trol—government control not just in taxation, but also in healthcare—and we are, as a Republican Party and as the free enterprise party, going to stand up and say that we will be there on behalf of all workers and that we be-lieve that the free enterprise system in this country has produced much that has helped so many people. That is how we pay for Social Secu-rity. That is how we pay for Medicare. That is how we pay for Medicaid. It is done through more people working, not through higher taxes, higher unem-ployment, and more misery. So, Mr. Speaker, you are going to hear today the argument that is taking place all across this country on the floor of the House of Representatives, and you are going to see that you, Mr. Speaker, and every single Member, will have an opportunity to say that we be-lieve that the economic opportunity 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27SE7.006 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9103 September 27, 2018 
for all Americans is equity. It is oppor-tunity, and it is available at not just a theater near you but in your home-town. So we are proud of who we are. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Texas, my good friend, Mr. S
ESSIONS , for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, 9 months ago, as the al-ready unpopular Republican tax scam was making its way through Congress, Speaker R
YANstood in this Capitol and made a bet. He wagered that ‘‘results are going to be what makes this pop-ular.’’ Today the results are clear, and they are not what the majority and Presi-dent Trump promised. Big corporations have gotten a windfall. Workers have gotten laid off. Jobs are being shipped overseas, and the richest 1 percent is getting 83 percent of the law’s benefits. Despite those realities, my col-leagues seemed to be surprised recently when a survey commissioned by the Republican National Committee was released in the media. It found that the public believes their tax scam benefits the wealthy and large corporations over average Americans by a two-to- one margin—61 percent to 30 percent. Let me repeat that before the Presi-dent tries to tweet that it is fake news. It was a poll conducted for Republicans by a Republican polling firm. That is why we are here today with tax 2.1, Mr. Speaker, because the majority’s bet is turning out to be a losing one. b1230 Nine months ago, the Republicans were assuring themselves their tax scam was good politics. Back then, Senate Majority Leader M
ITCH MCCON-
NELL said, ‘‘If we can’t sell this to the American people, we ought to go into another line of work.’’ With polling like this, some Washington Repub-licans may have to. But first, they are here today with a package of bills that represents their last-ditch attempt at trying to turn the tide before Novem-ber. And the sequel is as bad as the original in three key ways. First, the original Republican tax scam added $2.3 trillion to the national debt to give the wealthy more tax cuts. 2.0 would add another $3 trillion to the debt. You won’t see its cost on the budget scorecard. Republicans think they can waive a magic wand and hide the costs. But I have news for them: this is Congress, this isn’t Hogwartz. The nonpartisan Tax Policy Center says that this is going to cost $3.2 tril-lion. It is important that people pay at-tention to this. I have got to give the Republicans credit for their sneaky ways to try to avoid the realities. They have an amendment that says this massive giveaway to the wealthy magi-cally doesn’t count. And here is the other thing. We won’t even get to vote on it. It is in the rule. It will be self-executed once the rule passes. So no one has to take any re-sponsibility for adding all this to our debt. This is at a time when the U.S. Treasury is borrowing money at a rate of $5.4 billion a day. The Congressional Budget Office recently found that the majority and the Trump administra-tion have blown a $900 billion hole in the Federal budget. The deficit will in-crease by nearly 32 percent this year alone, with one of the main causes being the first GOP tax law. Mr. Speaker, what happened to the Republican Party that claimed to care about fiscal discipline? This majority is drowning in red ink. And the list goes on. Second, the original Republican tax scam reduced the Medicare trust fund by 3 years. 2.0 could trigger an auto-matic 4 percent cut in Medicare. That means hundreds of billions of dollars for this program would be lost. My colleagues on the other side may stand here today and claim that they want to protect Medicare and Social Security. But don’t believe them. Don’t be fooled. Right after their tax law ex-ploded the deficit, what did the Presi-dent’s chief economic adviser do? He called for new cuts to Medicare and So-cial Security. It is no wonder that in the Repub-lican poll I referenced earlier, many Americans worry that the tax law would lead to cuts to these vital pro-grams. Make no mistake: under the majority, these earned benefits are on the chopping block so Republicans can give tax breaks to the wealthy. Third, the original Republican tax scam temporarily limited the State and local tax deduction, undermining funding for priorities like schools, fire-fighters, and police officers. Under 2.0, that deduction would be made perma-nent. More than 45 million Americans claim the SALT deduction, including those in Massachusetts, by the way. They will have a harder time doing things like buying a home if this pack-age becomes law, all while State and local governments have a harder time investing in their communities. Even while making these harmful changes to the Tax Code, the majority apparently couldn’t be bothered to make changes that could actually help Americans who have become victims to natural disasters. In the wake of Hurri-cane Florence and the largest wildfires in California history, Democrats asked the majority to include an amendment that would provide to all eligible Americans the same type of relief that the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee provided his constituents last year after Hurricane Harvey. That request was denied. It is outrageous that, under the majority, the tax relief Americans get after a tragedy appar-ently depends on their ZIP Code. Mr. Speaker, there is a word for doing the same thing other and over and over again and expecting a dif-ferent result. I think the majority would be hard-pressed to find anyone watching today who thinks doubling down on such an unpaid for and dam-aging policy is anything other than in-sanity. The policies in these proposals are very similar, but there is one key dif-ference worth noting, and that is the process. The first time around, the majority used special fast-track procedures to provide tax cuts for the wealthy and large corporations. They pulled out all the stops to assure that it became law as quickly as possible. They couldn’t even find time to hold a hearing before voting on it. But now, on a proposal they are claiming is for the middle class, there are no fast-track proce-dures. There is not even a guarantee that this proposal will even be consid-ered in the Senate. Every middle-class American watch-ing should realize this: with this ma-jority, the wealthy and the well-con-nected get a windfall under a special, quick process. Their tax cuts were vir-tually guaranteed under a rigged sys-tem. Your tax cuts aren’t getting that same urgency. There is no special proc-ess for you. This plan will be left in limbo on the other side of the Capitol. And we all know that. The fact is, their procedures give away the whole game. This isn’t about policy. This is about politics. The first tax scam isn’t paying the kind of divi-dends that the majority anticipated. It is unpopular. So they are trying to pass this to have another talking point on the campaign trail. The public didn’t fall for the majority’s spin with their last tax scam, and I think they will see through this one again. They will see what this is all about. They will see this for what it is: a pro-posal that continues the same, old Re-publican policies at a time when the public is demanding a new direction. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. As my colleague was talking about the dismal results, I turned to my phone here and it is all green up and down on the stock market, because the stock market knows that today we are talking about making permanent the things that work for the American peo-ple; things that work well for employ-ers; things that work well for bringing stock market prices, not only back, but understanding that many, many Americans and our seniors across this country have invested in the stock market. It is up 40 percent since we have had an opportunity to pass the tax cut. The success of the free enterprise system is what my colleagues hate. They want to sell government, they want to sell defeat, they want to sell 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.021 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9104 September 27, 2018 
the things that are the fear about mak-ing progress. The facts of the case are real simple, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  an article from, of all places, The New York Times, that was dated August 3 of this year. On August 3, The New York Times, who does some inciteful report-ing, said, ‘‘Workers Hardest Hit by Re-cession Are Joining in Recovery.’’ 
[From the New York Times, Aug. 2, 2018] W
ORKERS HARDEST HIT BY RECESSION ARE J
OINING IN RECOVERY  (By Nelson D. Schwartz and Ben Casselman) The least educated American workers, who took the hardest hit in the Great Recession, were also among the slowest to harvest the gains of the recovery. Now they are a strik-ing symbol of a strong economy. The unemployment rate for those without a high school diploma fell to 5.1 percent in July, the Labor Department reported Friday, the lowest since the government began col-lecting data on such workers in 1992. At the economy’s nadir in the summer of 2009, the unemployment rate for high school dropouts hit 15.6 percent, more than three times the peak unemployment rate for college grad-uates. Buffeted by technological change and seemingly out of place in an economy where skills and credentials are in ever more de-mand, this cohort struggled while more edu-cated workers scored jobs and promotions and rose on the economic ladder. High school dropouts make up 7.2 percent of the labor force, and some experts doubted they and other low-skilled workers would ever fully recover from the effects of the re-cession, said Betsey Stevenson, a professor of economics at the University of Michigan. ‘‘As economists, we worried these workers would be shut out forever,’’ she said. ‘‘But the long duration of the recovery has pulled them back in. As the economy adds more jobs, employers have had to dig a little deep-er.’’ 
REACHING FULLER EMPLOYMENT  Unemployment among the least educated, the group hit hardest in the recession, has been cut by two-thirds since its peak of al-most 16 percent in 2010. The improvement in the fortunes of less- educated workers was a highlight in a jobs report that showed continuing gains across a broad variety of sectors. Over all in July, employers increased pay-rolls by 157,000, while the unemployment rate edged downward to 3.9 percent, near the 18-year low achieved in May. The data echoed other positive economic news recently, including a report last week showing the economy grew by 4.1 percent in the second quarter. And the headlines about President Trump’s tariffs on steel and aluminum and a widening trade war with China seem to have done lit-tle to put a damper on hiring. The manufac-turing sector, which is particularly sensitive to exports, was robust, adding 37,000 jobs. Although the payroll increase in July was slightly below what Wall Street was expect-ing, upward revisions for May and June alle-viated fears of a slowdown. Several economists linked the shortfall to the shutdown of Toys ‘‘R’’ Us, and the loss of 32,000 jobs at sporting goods, book and hobby stores last month. On Wednesday, the Federal Reserve up-graded its view of the economy’s underlying condition from ‘‘solid’’ to ‘‘strong.’’ The cen-tral bank remains on course to raise interest rates twice more this year, in September and December, to avert overheating. Other indicators suggest the recovery is fi-nally extending its reach. The Labor Depart-ment’s broadest measure of unemployment, which includes workers forced to take part- time jobs because full-time positions are un-available, fell to 7.5 percent in July, the low-est since 2001. All this has translated into better eco-nomic opportunities for workers without a college degree, who account for a majority of the work force. It is a contingent that was championed by Mr. Trump during his presi-dential campaign, and one that both parties want to appeal to in the midterm elections in November. The White House was quick to note that the economy is in the midst of the longest monthly streak of job growth in history. And after 94 consecutive months of job cre-ation, bosses and human resource depart-ments are recalibrating their requirements. ‘‘You definitely get the sense that employ-ers are willing to look at workers they haven’t looked at in the past,’’ said Martha Gimbel, director of economic research at In-deed.com, the employment website. Unemployed Americans who might not have put feelers out in the past are also ven-turing back into the hunt for a job, she said. On Indeed’s search engine, much of the growth in queries lately has been for posi-tions like full-time cashier, mobile home park manager, maintenance person and ful-fillment associate. ‘‘This is an indicator that low-skilled workers are seeing opportunities for them-selves in the labor market,’’ Ms. Gimbel said. Until recently at Steel Ceilings in Johns-town, Ohio, the company’s president, Rick Sandor, insisted on a couple of years’ experi-ence in metal fabrication before considering applicants. But he’s had a harder time lately finding workers for his company, where shifts run from 5 a.m. to 2 p.m. and tem-porary positions start at $14 per hour. He now settles for candidates who show mechanical skills, like carpentry or heating and cooling repair. Mr. Sandor is willing to waive the requirement for a high school di-ploma as well and has even hired applicants with what he terms ‘‘minor’’ prison sen-tences. ‘‘If a person was truly trying to get their life back together, we thought it would be helpful to offer them a job,’’ he said. Unemployment for less-skilled workers has been dropping for several years, with a pick-up in hiring in sectors like manufacturing, construction and parts of health care. And to be sure, the month-to-month figures for un-employment among high school dropouts are volatile. But the long-term trend is clear, as is hir-ing among the sectors responsible for it. Last month, the leisure and hospitality field recorded a 40,000 gain in positions, with half of that coming from restaurants. For example, Buffalo Wings & Rings, a res-taurant chain with 60 locations in 13 states, has been stepping up hiring and opening new restaurants. Many outlets have seen double-digit sales growth over the past year, and some are up as much as 40 percent, said Nader Masadeh, the company’s chief executive. The tax cuts that took effect in January are playing a role, Mr. Masadeh said—most families may have gotten a relatively small tax cut, but it is enough to fuel a few more nights out. ‘‘People feel good. They’re going out and spending more money,’’ he said. ‘‘In our seg-ment, $50 feeds you and your family.’’ Still, the hot economy brings challenges of its own. At an annual gathering of the com-pany’s franchisees in June, Mr. Masadeh said, he was bombarded with questions about how to retain talent when workers can read-ily walk out the door and find another job. And costs are rising throughout his business. ‘‘Right now the economy is great, but we’re also seeing higher construction costs, higher commodity items, shortages of labor, so there’s always something that counterbal-ances something else,’’ he said. That pressure, however, has not resulted in much fatter paychecks for most workers. The Labor Department said average hourly earnings ticked modestly higher in July, putting the annual rise at 2.7 percent. That’s below the pace of inflation in recent months. One reason for the lack of big raises is that a substantial number of workers remain on the sidelines, including the less-skilled ones who are now gradually coming back, said Simona Mocuta, senior economist with State Street Global Advisors. ‘‘We are bringing unemployment way below 4.5 percent, which the Fed considers full employment,’’ Ms. Mocuta said. ‘‘But we are getting very modest wage inflation. This is an issue not just for the U.S., but in every other developed market.’’ ‘‘Because the labor market is tight, less- educated workers have more of a chance of getting hired,’’ she added. ‘‘For people with the highest level of education, it’s easier to find jobs even when the economy isn’t doing well.’’ A version of this article appears in print on Aug. 4, 2018, on Page A1 of the New York edi-tion with the headline: Robust Recovery Lifting Laborers Hit the Hardest. Mr. SESSIONS. All across this great Nation there are people who were tired of the loss of jobs in this country, the movement of jobs overseas, the con-tinuation of a tax policy that did not allow jobs and money that was earned by American companies to come back here. This is what we have created a change in, and this is the essence of the argument: whether we, the free enter-prise system, are going to win or whether it will be the government. I think today it is obvious to the American people that the Republican Party is on the side of the free enter-prise system, small business, entrepre-neurship, and people who want to be left alone, but make their lives work and make their communities work. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, it is nonsense to sug-gest that somehow Democrats don’t want the economy to work well. The difference here is we want the economy to work well for everyone, not just those at the top. Eighty-three percent of the benefits in their tax scam go to the top 1 percent of this country. The people who are struggling are those in the middle and those struggling to get in the middle. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a letter to the Speaker and to the mi-nority leader from Feeding America, which basically says very clearly that the Republican tax bill ‘‘ . . . did not prioritize assisting those taxpayers who are most at risk of being food inse-cure, and as a result the new law pro-vides little direct, tangible benefit to the individuals and families served by Feeding America.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:06 Dec 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\SEPTEMBER\H27SE8.REC H27SE8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9105 September 27, 2018 
FEEDING AMERICA , September 25, 2018. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , House Democratic Leader, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND LEADER PELOSI : We write to share Feeding America’s views about ‘‘Tax Reform 2.0’’ and the legislation recently approved by the House Ways and Means Committee. We previously expressed our concerns about the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (H.R. 1) and its impact on the millions of Americans facing hunger in every commu-nity across our country, and do not believe making its provisions permanent would ease the burden on those individuals and families As the nation’s largest private response to domestic hunger, and the country’s third largest charitable organization, Feeding America works to advance public policies that support food insecure individuals and families and that expand the resources nec-essary for them to access nutritious food. Given that the aggregate annual food budget shortfall for the more than 41 million food insecure individuals in the United States now stands at more than $21 billion, our highest priority is protecting the federal nu-trition programs that help these families ac-cess the resources and nutrition needed to succeed. At the same time, a large percentage of in-dividuals, including children, who struggle with hunger fall outside the public safety net, underscoring the profound need for pri-vate food assistance. In 2016, more than a quarter of food insecure individuals nation-wide lived in households that earned too much to qualify for most federal nutrition assistance programs. For these working fam-ilies, the generosity of individuals and cor-porations makes possible vital food assist-ance that might not otherwise be available. Regrettably, H.R. 1 did not prioritize as-sisting those taxpayers who are most at risk of being food insecure, and as a result the new law proves little direct, tangible benefit to the individuals and families served by Feeding America. According to the Joint Committee on Taxation (JCT) beginning in 2021 taxpayers earning between $10,000 and $30,000 per year will see an increase in their average tax rate, a circumstance that will apply to all taxpayers earning less than $75,000 by 2027. Additionally, changes to the standard de-duction and the availability of itemized de-ductions have effectively eliminated the charitable deduction for 28.5 million tax-payers, according to JCT. The result will be a decline in charitable giving of more than $17 billion per year, according to a recent American Enterprise Institute study, with human service charities likely to be espe-cially hard hit. Of the 28.5 million taxpayers expected to no longer file itemized returns, 24.6 million earn less than $200,000 per year. Donors with incomes below $200,000 are re-sponsible for 62% of annual charitable giving to all human needs charities. Simply put, the loss of this century-old giving incentive will have a devastating ef-fect on a wide range of charitable programs and services delivered in communities across the country, including those that provide much-needed food assistance to hungry indi-viduals and families who are not otherwise benefitting from the new tax law. H R. 1 represented a missed opportunity to provide relief for the millions of Americans who struggle to put food on the table, and we do not support making its provisions perma-nent. We do, however, encourage you to un-dertake Tax Reform 2.0 with the aim of en-acting legislation that eases the burdens on lower-income working families, continues to encourage Americans to give generously to charity, and ensures the government has the resources necessary to meet our collective obligations to provide for the health and well-being of our neighbors and our commu-nities. We hope to serve as a resource to you as this process unfolds, and we look forward to the opportunity to share with you proposed tax code changes that we believe will have a positive impact on the people we serve. Sincerely, Alabama Food Bank Association (AL); All Faiths Food Bank; Arkansas Foodbank (AR); Atlanta Community Food Bank (GA); Blue Ridge Area Food Bank, Inc. (VA); California Association of Food Banks (CA); Capital Area Food Bank (DC/MD/VA); Central Cali-fornia Food Bank (CA); Central Pennsyl-vania Food Bank (PA); Central Texas Food Bank (TX); City Harvest (NY); Community Food Bank of Eastern Oklahoma (OK); Com-munity Food Warehouse of Mercer County (PA); Connecticut Food Bank (CT); Eastern Illinois Foodbank (IL); Facing Hunger Foodbank (WV/KY/OH); Feeding America; Feeding America Southwest Virginia (VA); Feeding Indiana’s Hungry (IN). Feeding San Diego (CA); Feeding South Dakota (SD); Feeding the Gulf Coast (AL/FL/ MS); Feeding Wisconsin (WI); FeedMore (VA); Food Bank Association of New York State (NY); Food Bank Council of Michigan (MI); Food Bank for Larimer County (CO); Food Bank for the Heartland (NE/IA); Food Bank of Central and Eastern North Carolina (NC); Food Bank of Central New York (NY); Food Bank of Contra Costa and Solano (CA); Food Bank of East Texas (TX); Food Bank of Iowa (IA); Food Bank of Lincoln, Inc. (NE); Food Bank of Northern Indiana (IN); Food Bank of Northern Nevada (NV/CA); Food Bank of the Golden Crescent (TX); Food Bank of the Rio Grande Valley (TX). Food Bank of the Rockies (CO/WY); Food Bank of the Southern Tier (NY); Food Bank of West Central Texas (TX); Food Finders Food Bank, Inc. (IN); Food Lifeline (WA); FOOD Share of Ventura County (CA); Foodbank of Southeastern Virginia and the Eastern Shore (VA); Foodlink, Inc. (NY); Forgotten Harvest (MI); Fulfill (NJ); Georgia Food Bank Association (GA); Gleaners Food Bank of Indiana (IN); God’s Pantry Food Bank, Inc. (KY); Good Shepherd Food Bank (ME); Greater Chicago Food Depository (IL); Greater Cleveland Food Bank, Inc. (OH); Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank (PA); Harry Chapin Food Bank of Southwest Florida (FL); Harvesters—The Community Food Network (MO/KS); Island Harvest (NY); Kentucky Association of Food Banks (KY). Long Island Cares (NY); Los Angeles Re-gional Food Bank (CA); Mid-Ohio Foodbank (OH); Mid-South Food Bank (TN/AR/MS); Montana Food Bank Network (MT); Moun-taineer Food Bank (WV); New Hampshire Food Bank (NH); North Texas Food Bank (TX); Northern Illinois Food Bank (IL); Ohio Association of Foodbanks (OH); Oregon Food Bank (OR/WA); Ozarks Food Harvest (MO); Regional Food Bank of Northeastern New York (NY); Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma (OK); Rhode Island Community Food Bank (RI); Roadrunner Food Bank (NM); San An-tonio Food Bank (TX); Second Harvest Com-munity Food Bank (MO/KS); Second Harvest Food Bank of Central Florida (FL); Second Harvest Food Bank of Northeast Tennessee (TN); Second Harvest Food Bank of North-west North Carolina (NC). Second Harvest Food Bank of Orange County (CA); Second Harvest Food Bank of Santa Clara and San Mateo Counties (CA); Second Harvest Foodbank of Southern Wis-consin (WI); Second Harvest Heartland (MN/ WI); Second Harvest Northern Lakes Food Bank (MN/WI); Shared Harvest Foodbank (OH); Southeast Missouri Food Bank (MO); Southeast Ohio Foodbank (OH); Southeast Texas Food Bank (TX); St Louis Area Foodbank (MO/IL); The Food Bank of West-ern Massachusetts (MA); The Foodbank, Inc. (OH); The Greater Boston Food Bank (MA); The Idaho Foodbank (ID); Three Square Food Bank (NV); Treasure Coast Food Bank (FL); Tri-State Food Bank, Inc (IN/IL/KY); Utah Food Bank (UT); Vermont Foodbank (VT); Virginia Peninsula Foodbank (VA); Weld Food Bank (CO); West Ohio Food Bank (OH); Westmoreland County Food Bank, Inc. (PA); Worcester County Food Bank (MA). 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Feeding America is the preeminent organization that feeds hungry families in this country. We have a hunger problem in this country. Nothing in this bill today or the bill that the Republicans passed previously does anything to help those people. So yes, we want the economy to work well, but for everybody. Not just the rich, but we want it to work well for those in the middle and those strug-gling to get in the middle. We don’t want to embrace a tax scam package where 83 percent of the benefits go to the top 1 percent. They may be good contributors, but that doesn’t rep-resent the majority of America. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up Ranking Member N
ADLER ’s bill, the Special Counsel Independence Act. This vital legislation will allow the people’s House to demonstrate that we as a body are capable of putting America’s interests over partisan politics. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ), the ranking mem-ber of the Judiciary Committee, to dis-cuss his proposal. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I stand here because, earlier this week, we were confronted with the threat of Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosen-stein’s firing. On Monday, Mr. Rosenstein was sum-moned to the White House, with ru-mors swirling that he had resigned or was about to be fired. Today, he was scheduled to meet with the President. But yesterday, the President said he may not fire him. He prefers not to, but he may. And he may meet with Mr. Rosenstein or not. Mr. Rosenstein is directly responsible for Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation into alleged links be-tween the Russian Government and the Trump campaign, as well as other re-lated work, now in the Southern Dis-trict of New York in the National Se-curity Division of the Department of Justice, that could have a profound ef-fect on the integrity of elections to come. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27SE7.016 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9106 September 27, 2018 
The fear is that, if the President fires Mr. Rosenstein, a new Acting Attorney General will take steps to end the in-vestigation by Mr. Mueller in order to protect President Trump and his asso-ciates. It is unacceptable for a law en-forcement project of this magnitude to turn on the employment status of one official. As we have all seen, President Trump has spent his Presidency undermining every effort to understand what hap-pened during the 2016 elections. He has shown no interest in safeguarding the 2018 elections from ongoing attacks by foreign adversaries. Instead, he attacks the intelligence community; attacks the Department of Justice; attacks ca-reer civil servants; and attacks Special Counsel Mueller, complaining about what he calls a ‘‘total witch hunt’’ and calling for the Attorney General to end the investigation. This is not a witch hunt. In a rel-atively short period of time, investiga-tors have secured multiple convictions and guilty pleas from key Trump cam-paign personnel, including the Presi-dent’s campaign manager, his deputy campaign manager, his national secu-rity adviser, and others. But President Trump and his allies in this Chamber are engaged in a broader strategy to undermine the legitimacy of any finding, guilty plea, or any con-viction that may come out of the in-vestigation. President Trump will take any opportunity to reign in, suppress, or end the Special Counsel’s investiga-tion. We know this because President Trump has told us so. He told us that he fired the FBI Director because of the ‘‘Russia thing.’’ He is reported to have ordered the firing of Robert Mueller at least twice. He attacks his own Attorney General for quite prop-erly recusing himself from the inves-tigation. His surrogates compare the FBI to the Gestapo, and call for the po-lice to raid the Justice Department. Fortunately, as a coequal branch of government, we have a way to protect our law enforcement officers from these threats and to protect the coun-try from this barrage of misinforma-tion from the White House. H.R. 5476, the Special Counsel Inde-pendence and Integrity Act, would pro-tect the Special Counsel from being un-justly fired and would allow for the courts to review any political inter-ference. This is bipartisan legislation that has 126 cosponsors and is identical to Republican legislation that has a number of Republican cosponsors. The Senate counterpart to H.R. 5476 was introduced by Senators G
RAHAM , B
OOKER , COONS , and T ILLIS , and passed the Senate Judiciary Committee on April 26, 2018, by a vote of 14–7. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from New York an addi-tional 30 seconds. Mr. NADLER. We have been calling on the chairman of the House Judici-ary Committee to bring this important legislation before the committee for a vote, but he has refused to act. Democrats have taken the unusual step of invoking House rule XI, clause 2(c)(2) to force a markup. But other Re-publicans on the committee have sat on their hands and refused to join in this demand. But for three Repub-licans, the Judiciary Committee would be forced to consider this legislation. We cannot wait any longer. The stakes are too great. That is why I offer this proposal. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, it is not without notice to the American people that the discus-sion may be on great economic policy that is working for people, we are at-tacked here in Washington on the floor, and then the subject changes to something else, rather than the over-whelming evidence of how we are doing. b1245 Mr. Speaker, there was a discussion I put in the RECORD , that New York Times article about those at the very bottom who had been left behind be-fore, under the previous administra-tion’s tax increase, to where they lost jobs because we lost jobs in America with the massive spending spree that took place by President Obama and the Democratic Party. I am pleased to report not just what was said on August the 18th by The New York Times, but even today. Afri-can American and Hispanic unemploy-ment rates are at some of the lowest rates that they have ever been. The Bureau of Labor Standards even passed out a report about the weekly unemployment claims. Those are the claims where people who were seeking jobs, we count those up across the country. They are at the lowest rates since 1969. That means, even though we have a larger amount of people in the country, a fewer numberwise—not per-centage, numberwise—are seeking un-employment compensation. Mr. Speaker, it is working. There is success in the marketplace. What Re-publicans did is so good that we want it to continue, because people who have their jobs tend to want to protect those jobs. But the protection of the jobs is being done by this administration to make sure that we can sell more of our products overseas. About 40 percent of everything made in this country is made for export. We are for a larger export market. We are for jobs in this country. Over $50 bil-lion has flowed back into the United States from overseas as a result of what we did last December 18 with the tax bill. The overwhelming success of people back at home, wherever we are from, is apparent. They are working. They have got an opportunity. Their savings are increasing. All over my hometown of Dallas, Texas, there are companies after com-panies after companies after companies that have reinvested in their busi-nesses to make sure that not just ergonomics or new ways to mechanize are employed in their businesses, but, actually, many companies paid, dou-bling down the amount that they had contributed to a retirement fund or to a 401(k) or to giving company stock or, as in the case of many companies in Dallas, gave a $1,000 bonus and then said to the employee: For the $1,000 bonus I give each of the employees, I want you to know we are going to rein-vest in making our business up to date and better, too. So, Mr. Speaker, no wonder—no won-der—the other side, as they come to the table today with an equal oppor-tunity for time, changes the discussion point to something that is extraneous from how successful this tax bill has been. So we will stand here until the end of our time and say: We need to make it permanent because it works. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, the reason why we are offering this proce-dural motion is because the Repub-licans run this House like Putin. We are shut out of everything. So this is our only opportunity to try to get some important business done. The Republicans can spend every day trying to pass more tax cuts for their wealthy friends and big corporations, but maybe—just maybe—we can do something useful like protecting our democracy. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. S
CHIFF ), the distinguished ranking member of the Committee on Intel-ligence. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, the 115th Congress will soon come to an end. There is much work that we will leave undone, but none so consequential to our democracy as the failure to pass legislation to protect Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation from further interference by the President. Today may be our last chance to avoid the constitutional crisis that will come should this President fire Mueller or Rosenstein or otherwise act to obstruct justice while we are in recess. This is our opportunity, our responsi-bility, to uphold the rule of law and to make clear that no one, even this President—or any President—is above the law. My colleagues, the fig leaf is gone. If we leave this work undone, after all this President has said and done, if he fires individuals responsible for an in-vestigation into which the President himself may be implicated, no Member of this Chamber can say they did not see it coming. For months, this President and his allies in Congress have sought to inter-fere with, obstruct, and manipulate this investigation: They have selectively leaked or de-classified documents; They have sought to impeach the Deputy Attorney General to give the President cover to fire him; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.025 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9107 September 27, 2018 
They have watched in silence as this President has demanded loyalty and public pronouncements of devotion from the Justice Department and law enforcement officials while he has denigrated judges based on their eth-nicity, while he has told us that we cannot believe our free press, that we cannot believe what we see and what we hear, but that we can only believe him. All of this is an affront to the rule of law, and all of it has been met with al-most absolute silence from my col-leagues in the GOP, with the exception of a few brave people like John McCain. This is an administration that says the truth is not truth, that they are entitled to their own alternate facts. There is nothing more corrosive to a democracy than the idea that there is no such thing as truth, that the Presi-dent is the law, that he is entitled to an Attorney General who will protect him and not the country or our system of justice. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from California an addi-tional 30 seconds. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, by defeat-ing this previous question, we can bring to the floor a bipartisan bill to protect the special counsel’s investiga-tion. Wake up, my colleagues. Our democ-racy, our rule of law, is under assault. Stand up to this President. Do your duty. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. S
WALWELL ). Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to defeat this previous question so that we can immediately take up Mr. N
ADLER ’s leg-islation that would protect Bob Mueller’s special counsel investigation. The rule of law right now is under at-tack by a wrecking-ball President who does not respect it, who has fired his investigator and, as we speak, seeks to hire a judge who would protect him. But Bob Mueller, despite the attacks that I hear in this Chamber, is making progress. His investigation started in May 2017. Since May 2017, he has ob-tained a lot of guilty pleas and indict-ments. October 5, 2017: a guilty plea against General Michael Flynn, campaign ad-viser and national security adviser to Donald Trump; December 1, 2017: the statement of of-fense from Michael Flynn detailing what he had done; October 5, 2017: statement of offense and guilty plea from George Papadopoulos, senior adviser to can-didate Trump; February 2, 2018: indictment against Richard Gates, adviser to the Presi-dent; February 23, 2018: guilty plea from Richard Gates; February 12, 2018: guilty plea from Richard Pinedo; February 16, 2018: guilty plea from Alex van der Zwaan; Indictment, February 16, 2018, against 16 Russians for weaponizing so-cial media to help the Trump cam-paign, including the Internet Research Association, directly tied to Vladimir Putin; February 22, 2018: superseding indict-ment against Paul Manafort, campaign chairman for Donald Trump and Rich-ard Gates; February 23, 2018: guilty plea from Richard Gates; June 6, 2018: superseding indictment against Paul Manafort, chairman to Donald Trump, and Konstantin Kilimnik, associated with the Russian intelligence services; September 14, 2018: guilty plea, cam-paign chairman Paul Manafort, just about 1 month after he was found guilty on a number of counts by a jury of his peers; And, finally, July 13, 2018: 12 Rus-sians indicted for the hacking and stealing of Donald Trump’s opponent’s emails. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 sec-onds. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, the special counsel is making progress. The best thing we can do to uphold the rule of law in this country, to allow him to continue to investigate who attacked us, who worked with the Russians, and to make sure we know all we can do to protect this great de-mocracy is to protect that investiga-tion, to not allow the President to threaten it, and to do our job: protect our great democracy. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate the opportunity for all the law-yers in the House on the Democratic side to come down and argue their case, but I would politely disagree with them. The way you save this great democ-racy is by making it economically sound and powerful and prepared so that we can pay for this government, so that we can understand that Amer-ica’s greatest days lie in our future, so that we can understand it is the Amer-ican people who want and need to make success, that they want their dream to succeed, not just the government. What we are hearing today is they have abdicated this debate today from what was an economic debate all the way to a political debate. Economics, you see, has that side of it where peo-ple can see what works and what doesn’t work, and that is why they have abdicated this fight today on the floor. The fight that they thought they were bringing is not about the success or failure of this; it is about another issue. Mr. Speaker, the bottom line is that America is economically stronger. We have more people working today than in the history of the country. There are companies that are making money, and there are employees who are making money, and there are employees who are successful. When that happens, Mr. Speaker, you get an increase in take-home pay, and that is also what Republicans under-stand about what we have done: an in-crease in the amount of take-home pay to where the American people gain ben-efit not just for their hard work, but for their families; to pay for their fam-ilies to be able to go to a Boy Scout outing; to make sure they are prepared to send their children to school, so that they can pay themselves, not looking to the government to make the pay-ment for them; not looking for a hand-out, but, rather, making sure that peo-ple have the dignity of work, the dig-nity of opportunity, an honest day’s work, an honest day’s pay, an oppor-tunity for the free enterprise system, the American Dream, to work. That is what we are talking about today. We are talking about the suc-cess and the limiting success. And the limiting success is, if we make these tax policies permanent, it creates an opportunity for wiser choices, wiser de-cisions, wiser long-term attributes of success, not for the government, but for the American people. b1300 And that is what the debate is on this side: helping the middle class of this country to achieve a strong footing to where they can make their American Dream work not only for them, but for their children and grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, with all due respect to my colleague from Texas, tax cuts for the rich and big corporations aren’t going to protect this country from an-other attack by the Russians on our elections and on democracy. But here is the deal: You can do both. You can debate your tax scam 2.0 for the rich, and if you vote to defeat the previous question, we can also vote to protect the Mueller investigation. So we can do both, and I hope my col-leagues will vote to defeat the previous question. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ), a distinguished member of the House Rules Committee. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, the GOP tax scam has been nothing but a give-away to millionaires and corporations. This Republican majority is adding trillions—trillions—of dollars to our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.026 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9108 September 27, 2018 
national debt, debt that our children and grandchildren will have to pay for for years to come, trillions in debt that will put Medicare and Social Security at risk. Already, we can’t provide the min-imum funding to the ACA, making it harder for our constituents to get health insurance and access to care. Now, how are the Republicans trying to pay for this debt? By attacking—by attacking—the hardworking taxpayers like those that I represent in the great State of California. That is right, so millionaires and corporations can have a tax break. I call that welfare for the most affluent people and corporations in America at the cost of the hard-working taxpayers in California. And let me say that again. Millions of Californians will see their taxes in-crease with this GOP tax scam. Now, today, as if we haven’t already done enough, the Republican majority is voting to make this tax increase per-manent, a permanent tax increase to our hardworking taxpayers. California is the fifth largest global economy. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentle-woman from California. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, Cali-fornia is the fifth largest global econ-omy and a donor State. We should be trying to make every other State more like the great State of California. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the frailty of the argu-ments from my opponents is stag-gering. The newest report out, ‘‘the ACA healthcare market stabilized na-tionwide for most customers,’’ and yet we are told we are not even funding it. It is funded by the government. It is mandatory spending. But the good part is is that they now have an idea of who is in the marketplace and what those correct rates are, and it is stabilizing. It is stabilizing because what we have done is made the opportunity available for people to have a job to pay for their healthcare. And the ability to have a job means that you not only have a chance to pay for your car, your home or apartment, your daughter or your son’s college, but you also have an op-portunity to pay for your own insur-ance, your own healthcare, your own needs to take care of your own family. This is where we see America, right now, has the largest number of people who are employed in America. Every single economic and social indicator indicates that more people at the high-est level are employed. More people at the highest level are having an oppor-tunity to get up and go to work, a chance to make their lives and their family better. This is the essence of what we are talking about today: making life better for people, giving them a better oppor-tunity back home to have a job that is available. In Dallas, Texas, where I am from, last week, 2 weeks ago, we had a sem-inar whereby people talked about and demonstrated what this economy is doing. I had several employers who stood up and said to the media, that was never reported: We have 10 jobs that are available at a starting salary of $60,000, but you have to be able to pass a drug test and you have to come to work every day. We will train you. We will do the training. We don’t need the government or someone else to do that, but you have to do two things: You have to be able to pass the drug test, and you have got to come to work every day, and you have got to be able to go be willing to be a part of a team that is about your success and theirs also. 
What a great deal the free enterprise offers today. Instead of us begging for jobs and wishing they were here, they abound, Mr. Speaker. It is called great economics. It is called making America great again. That is why we want to make it permanent. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, if I can inquire of the gentleman from Texas how many more speakers he has on his side? Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I have one. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I kind of figured, if this was so popular, that there would be tons of Republicans down here. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ). Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, hallelujah. Let the Republican majority tell it. The American people are just going to be so thrilled with tax scam 2.0 where we permanently lock in obscene tax ad-vantages for corporations and the wealthy, where we lock in inequality, where we directly threaten Social Se-curity, Medicare, and Medicaid. Now, Mr. Speaker, the American peo-ple are just going to be bereft of this economic security and retirement se-curity, but they are going to spontane-ously break out in a Depression-era George Gershwin opera, like I did on the stage of North Division High School: 
I got plenty o’ nuttin’, And nuttin’s plenty for me. I got no car, got no misery. 
Meanwhile, the folks with plenty of plenty are getting 80 percent of this tax cut, increasing the debt by another $3 trillion in just 3 years’ time. Mr. Speaker, no singing, no dancing, no tax scam. My constituents want our country’s wealth back. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, there is a lot of song and dance on the floor, but it is revi-sionist history. What some of our col-leagues have forgotten is that the Afri-can American unemployment during President Obama’s Presidency was 15.5 percent. It was called misery. It was called no job. It was called unemploy-ment. It was called more government assistance. It was called, unfortu-nately, demise. Mr. Speaker, what we have done by passing the tax cut is to make sure that employers had an opportunity to hire employees. All across this coun-try, there is a marketplace available to people who were ready and willing to come to work, and they have. The fig-ures are, to us, as Republican, normal and regular. We were told by President Obama and Ms. PELOSI : ‘‘We can’t get the 4.2 percent GDP rate.’’ That is right. You can’t get to 4.2 because your policies and procedures won’t let the country do that. We are going to be stuck in the ones. But, Mr. Speaker, what happened is that a new energy abounded in this country, and it is called optimism and opportunity and success and redevelop-ment of ideas to bring the American spirit back to the top. And that was, instead of Uncle Sam telling us what to do, we are getting that opportunity to have the success back home. That is why the largest number of African Americans ever in the market-place or, thereto, the largest number of women, the largest number of His-panics in the marketplace today. This is yet another reason, Mr. Speaker, why Republicans are on the floor talk-ing about the economy and my friends are talking about another issue. Mr. Speaker, we need to be very clear about this. I will be asking all 435 Members of Congress, for them to see the reality and the truth of what is available back home, and that is oppor-tunity can abound for a longer period of time with more success and more op-portunity. The next chance to make sure that the contract that is won by their com-pany or the next successful quarter or the next opportunity that they get to get a pay raise can come because we are making sure that the free enter-prise system is sound and secure for the future. And that is how you save Social Se-curity, Medicare, and Medicaid: by working today and protecting Amer-ican jobs. It is an effort that the Re-publican Party has had, will have, has today, and we can’t wait to see the vote to see who is for the free enter-prise system of seeing that success. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ken-tucky (Mr. Y
ARMUTH ), the distin-guished ranking member of the Com-mittee on the Budget. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, just 8 months ago, the Republicans jammed through their massive, unpaid-for tax cut. Not a sin-gle Democrat voted for that bill, and for good reason. Nonpartisan experts told us that the tax cut would over-whelmingly benefit the wealthy and big corporations while threatening our fiscal and economic health. It would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.028 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9109 September 27, 2018 
add more than $1 trillion to the Na-tion’s debt. And the newest reports on the impact of the tax law further con-firm those dire warnings: Corporate profits have soared, along with stock buybacks, while working-class wages remain stagnant and income and wealth inequality continue to grow. Yet today, Republicans want to go even further, pushing their tax cut 2.0 legislation. It is not a surprise that they are extending the provisions of their tax bill. The expirations were al-ways gimmicks to hide the true cost of the tax cut and evade the constraints on reconciliation bills. This new legislation, once again, ben-efits the wealthiest Americans and adds trillions of dollars more to the Nation’s debt in decades to come, fur-ther jeopardizing the Nation’s already rocky long-term fiscal outlook. This new tax cut 2.0 package, just like the one before it, is being rushed through the House with no hearings and no input from the American peo-ple. The Republican tax cut 2.0 legisla-tion is another irresponsible tax cut for the wealthy that threatens our long- term fiscal and economic health, and we know how that story ends. As Republicans have often dem-onstrated, they are committed to cut-ting more taxes for the rich, fretting when deficits rise, and then attacking crucial programs American families rely on, such as Medicare and Social Security, to pay for the debt increase. Let’s not add more to this three-step process. This is not the time to rush through another round of tax cuts. The rule before us would allow for passage of this irresponsible legislation, and I urge my colleagues to oppose the rule. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the American Dream should be available to everybody: young, old, African American, His-panic, Native American, even those people who have come to our shores. To make America work, American busi-ness has to work. Making American business work— which is why we have business schools, why we have college-educated people, why we have entrepreneurship, why we have small business owners, why we have people who dedicate themselves to that free enterprise system—comes about as a result of their opportunity to work within a series of rules, regula-tions, and tax policy that is balanced. A balanced tax policy would tell you that, if you have the highest taxes in the marketplace, your opportunity lev-els diminish. Likewise, it would say and tell you that, if you do not pay an honest day’s work for an honest day’s pay, you would not have employees and would be searching to try and make up that deficit another way. b1315 Today, American business and Amer-ican workers have more work than we can get done in 1 day, and numbers of orders and opportunities for our future abound. That is what we are here about also. We are here about the youngest of people who we have in our midst who are second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth grade. We are about those people who are in college, who are studying hard because they want to be a part of a workforce. They want to be part of making their dream better. But if there are no jobs, that is an in-dictment on this body. That is an in-dictment of elected officials and of an administration, many of them unelected, but who have a policy that fits their political ideology, rather than what is intended for success of people back home. Today, I am going to ask every Mem-ber of this body, and I will do it right now, to please understand that you will have an opportunity to vote to make what we have today even more success-ful for a longer period of time; and to grow the amount of GDP; to grow the amount of investment; to believe in the American worker; to expect the oppor-tunity for there to be an equal market-place share, where the employer and the employee can both gain, not only in the ability to pay their own bills, but the ability to sustain what we do. Mr. Speaker, let’s not show the short side of this and talk about the nega-tives or the frailties or the things that really, I don’t think, will come to bear, but let’s talk about the success. The success is that we are going to move our stock market, as it is doing today, with the evidence that they have that we can, as a body, move our business. Just this week, we had an oppor-tunity to do what hadn’t been done for 21 years. Those pesky Republicans in the House and the Senate and our President are going to sign a bill fund-ing 80 percent of the government to avoid not just a continuing resolution, but to get it done on time, expecting this government, in their balance, to do their job that we have entrusted them with. Today, we are taking part on the other part of that equation, to the free enterprise system saying: Keep pro-ducing jobs. Keep doing the things that small business does; whether you are in Weatherford, Texas, and own a car dealership, and you sell your product and make it available to customers back home, and you expect them to pay and your product to sell and win, or whether we expect to produce prod-ucts that we sell overseas. Mr. Speaker, it is the other half of the equation. This same week that we gave 80 percent of the government, in-cluding the military and Health and Human Services, the things that they have asked for and need to produce, today, we are asking the other side of the equation, the American people, to continue fighting, continue working, continue believing, not only in your American Dream, but continue to be-lieve that the future of this country is bright and going to be successful for you and your family. They can drown out the detractors. They can drown out people who brought a different idea to the table, because that brought us 15 percent un-employment for African Americans when we had a President who claims he was there for equality also. Equality is a job and an opportunity. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. C
OHEN ). Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I am here to urge this House to defeat the pre-vious question so that we can hear H.R. 5476, a bipartisan bill to protect the Special Counsel, Mr. Mueller. It is important for democracy and for the rule of law for which we are re-spected around the globe that Mr. Mueller’s investigation goes on and not be impeded by the firing of Mr. Rosen-stein and the imposition of somebody who is inimical to Mr. Mueller’s inves-tigation. I want to quote Bill Frist, former Re-publican majority leader in the Senate. ‘‘Congress must never abandon its role as an equal branch of government. In this moment, that means protecting Mueller’s investigation. We’re at our best as Senators and Republicans when we defend our institutions. But more than that, it’s our best face as Ameri-cans. ‘‘People around the world admire not just the material well-being of the United States but our values, too. The rule of law is something many die try-ing to secure for their countries. We can’t afford to squander it at home.’’ Defeat the previous question. Protect Robert Mueller. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, if I could just inquire of the gentleman from Texas one more time, just to make sure there is nobody else who wants to speak. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, as a matter of fact, the gentleman is cor-rect. I will be closing for us, so any-time the gentleman chooses to do that, he may expend his time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Republicans have so diminished this House of Representa-tives. We are being told that tomorrow may be our last day in session before the election, that the Republicans will adjourn 2 weeks early so they can go home to try to convince voters that they deserve to be reelected. What we are doing today, this tax scam 2.0, is a joke, because they know it is going nowhere in the Senate. They are frightened by the fact that their original tax bill is so terribly unpopu-lar, and rightfully so, because the American people object to a tax bill where 83 percent of the benefits go to the top 1 percent. That is just not fair. People understand things like fairness. Mr. Speaker, we are asking people to defeat the previous question to protect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.029 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9110 September 27, 2018 
the Mueller investigation. Since we are adjourning most likely tomorrow, this may be our only time to do it. You can vote to defeat the previous question. You can still vote for this tax scam bill, but you also can vote on whether or not to protect the Mueller investiga-tion. We ought to do that. But there is another thing I want Members of both sides to appreciate, as this may be the last rule we bring to the floor. What we are considering today is record-shattering. The majority broke the record for the number of closed rules in Congress earlier this year. The record they broke, by the way, was their own. This restrictive process has often shut out debates here on the House floor that the American people des-perately want this Congress to have, on issues like gun safety, protecting the Dreamers, and lowering the cost of pre-scription drugs. Now, today, the majority is taking is the most closed Congress in American history to a whole new level because, tucked inside this measure, is the ma-jority’s 99th, 100th, and 101st first closed rules of this Congress. There has never ever been a moment like this in American history, more than 100 closed rules in a single Congress. This isn’t some arcane legislative matter. Consider what the majority has brought under closed rules, things like their first tax scam and their dis-astrous healthcare repeal bill. There are still months to go before the 116th Congress begins. Who knows what other disasters the majority of President Trump will dream up next. Now, Mr. Speaker, I am not sug-gesting that everything that the House considers should be under an open rule. There are times when a closed rule might be necessary. But more than 100 closed rules? There is no justification for that. Now, I don’t know who will run this place in January, but if Democrats are trusted with the majority, we will have a more accommodating process. This place will be run like professionals. Ideas will be allowed to come forward, and the House of Representatives will actually debate again. But we don’t have to wait until next year to force a more open process. We can start right here today. My Repub-lican colleagues have voiced frustra-tion with their majority’s closed proc-ess. Well, we have the chance here to do more than just talk. We can vote. So when a closed rule goes down, Speaker R
YAN will actually have to start upholding his promise of a more open, more inclusive, more delibera-tive, and more participatory process. It would be better late than never. While calling for a more open process, virtually every Republican voted for every closed rule we have considered. The rank and file Republicans are part of the problem. Mr. Speaker, if they are not going to take a stand on the 101st closed rule, will they ever be able to back up their talk with their vote? So I ask the majority, as we stand on the doorstep of this dubious distinc-tion, join us in voting against this record-shattering closed rule. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, before I start, could you please advise me on how much time remains for me. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WIL-
LIAMS ). The gentleman from Texas has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, the opportunity that we have to be on the floor today is about one thing. They want to make it about something else, and that is within their purview and their decision. What it is about is whether we are going to continue to have the highest rates of employment in this country; the highest and best opportunity for people to continue take-home pay in-creases; the opportunity for American jobs, workers, and business to have more work than we have employees for; the opportunity to take and have, all across this country, the opportunity for reinvestment; the opportunity for people to be successful; the oppor-tunity for people who are in school today to look up and know they see a bright future. That is the way the world sees it, at least I think we do here in America, not in Washington. We might be a drug-free work zone up here, but what we have is the ability for this majority to keep pushing its opportunity for success for the American people. So this week, we took care of making sure we fund, on time, perhaps a little bit early, the government for next year. But we are also going to fund the American people and the free enter-prise system. So, Mr. Speaker, what a fun day, what a great opportunity for people all across schools, and in schools, and peo-ple who work to say, one party is going to vote for me and one party is going to vote against me. I am asking every Member to do it, so that we get together on economic outlook and view. I urge my colleagues to support the rule. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak out against H.R. 6760, the Protecting Family and Small Business Tax Cuts Acts of 2018, along with the two other bills packaged into what is being called Tax Reform 2.0. H.R. 6760 is a continuation of the GOP’s Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that was pushed into law in December 2017. This 2017 tax law is a scam on the American public, and the legislation before us today is more of the same. The fundamental problem with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is that its goal was never to help the average American. Instead, it helps out large corporations and wealthy individuals by dramatically decreasing their tax rates. H.R. 6760 doubles down on these regressive policies, doing nothing to even the playing field for millions of working Americans strug-gling to enter or stay in the middle class. Like the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, H.R. 6760 con-tinues to favor high-income individuals over middle- and working-class Americans. To make matters worse, H.R. 6760 adds to the large debt we have as a nation. According to the Congressional Budget Office, H.R. 6760 alone would increase the deficit by $631 billion over the next ten years. At a time when the deficit is already too high, we need to start fig-uring out ways to stop the deficit from grow-ing, not adding to it. A growing deficit only means that critical benefits that Americans use every day, like Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid will be diminished or demolished as a way to pay for this unfair and flawed tax leg-islation. Ending crucial benefits that Americans rely on every day is another attack on the very people who sent us here. Instead of continuing to hurt Americans, Congress must come together to create a tax code that is fair for all American workers and the middle class. I urge my colleagues to cre-ate a tax code that evens out the playing field for American workers, strengthens working families, and helps our economy benefit all Americans. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H. Res. 1084, the rule governing debate for H.R. 6756, the American Innovation Act of 2018,’’ H.R. 6757 ‘‘Family Savings Act of 2018,’’ and H.R. 6760 ‘‘Pro-tecting Family and Small Business Tax Cuts Act of 2018’’. I must oppose this rule and urge the defeat the previous question, not because we do not support innovation for our small businesses and entrepreneurs, but because defeating the previous question will enable this House to consider and pass H.R. 5476, the ‘‘Special Counsel Independence and Integrity Act’’. This is an opportunity we do not want to misuse. For the last sixteen months, our nation has watched as the Special Counsel investigating the attack on our democracy during the 2016 election has returned dozens of indictments against foreign actors suspected of interfering in our democracy. Tellingly, the investigation has also returned a series of guilty pleas, including: allocutions from the President’s former per-sonal lawyer; his campaign chairman; his deputy campaign chairman; his first national security advisor; a top foreign policy advisor, and many more. Americans have come to the conclusion that the 2016 election was a crime scene. The 2018 election could be one too. While the Special Counsel—appointed by officials from the Trump Administration—has been diligently returning pleas and indict-ments, and unearthing the extraordinary ef-forts that a hostile foreign power had on our election, the President has been busy berating the effort, and those whom he believes are as-sisting in attempts to get at the truth of what transpired in the 2016 election. Yet, beyond guilty pleas and indictments, the Special Counsel has also been performing an essential service for the American people: he has been telling the American people a story of how our democracy is susceptible to outside influence. He has done this by sharing certain, critical facts such as: the President’s son, son-in-law and cam-paign manager attended a meeting with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.030 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9111 September 27, 2018 
agents of the Russian government promising to have ‘‘dirt’’ on the President’s 2016 oppo-nent, Secretary Hillary Clinton; we also learned how Russians funneled money through stalwart Republican-leaning or-ganizations to influence our campaign; and we learned that Russians selectively leaked and indeed weaponized stolen emails in order to influence our electorate. Alongside this parade of developments, the American people have watched as this presi-dent has tried to wrestle control—either func-tionally or formally—of the investigation into the Russian interference in the 2016 cam-paign, and whether and to what extent the ef-fort was aided and abetted associates of the Trump Campaign. For good reason, Americans are suspicious of this president’s ability to abide by long-standing norms to which all prior American presidents have adhered: the need to abstain from interfering in law enforcement investiga-tions. Most infamously, the President breached this norm when he fired the former director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, James Comey in May 2017. Between that date and now, the President has: ridiculed the Attorney General, who recused himself from overseeing the Russia investiga-tion and, in the process, drew the ire of the president; terminated or forced the retirements of sev-eral senior law enforcement officials; and has threatened or attempted to take extraor-dinary steps—like the selective dissemination of classified information—for the purposes of tainting the investigation into his possible criminal activity. Along the way, House Republicans have re-fused to exercise even the slightest amount of oversight on this president or this president. One significant way the Congress can do this is by protecting the Special Counsel and his investigation. This has long been a concern of mine. This is why, alongside the J
ERRY NADLER , the Ranking Member of the House Judiciary Committee, I introduced H.R. 5476, the Spe-cial Counsel Independence and Integrity Act. If enacted into law, H.R. 5476 permits a ter-minated Special Counsel to challenge his ter-mination in court and would stay the investiga-tion pending the challenge. The Special Counsel would be given a no-tice stating the reasons for the removal. The matter would be heard by a three judge panel who would determine whether the re-moval was for misconduct, dereliction of duty, incapacity, conflict of interest, or other good cause. If it is, the removal is affirmed. If it is not, the Special Counsel is reinstated. In the face of this president’s bellicosity to-wards the law enforcement institutions inves-tigating him, the Special Counsel Independ-ence and Integrity Act is a measure of over-sight we can place on this president, who in-creasingly feels emboldened to flout long-standing norms in the name of covering up his past conduct. This is an Article I moment—it is time for all in this chamber and across the Capitol in the Senate to seize it. Through their elected representatives, the American people must harness the constitu-tional apparatus created by the Framers and provide oversight on a president sorely in need of it. The material previously referred to by Mr. MCGOVERN is as follows: 
AN AMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 1084 O FFERED BY  M
R. MCGOVERN  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 9. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 5476) to ensure inde-pendent investigations and judicial review of the removal of a special counsel, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the con-clusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 10. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 5476. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 227, nays 189, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 409] YEAS—227 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27SE7.013 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9112 September 27, 2018 
Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—189 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—12 
Barletta Blackburn DesJarlais Ellison Eshoo Harper Jenkins (WV) Jones Lujan Grisham, M. Newhouse Nolan Rooney, Thomas J. 
b1352 Messrs. SUOZZI, KIHUEN, and Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 226, noes 189, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 410] AYES—226 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—189 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27SE7.011 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9113 September 27, 2018 
Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—13 
Barletta Blackburn DesJarlais Ellison Eshoo Harper Jenkins (WV) Jones Lujan Grisham, M. Newhouse Nolan Rooney, Thomas J. Walz 
b1401 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
AMERICAN INNOVATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to House Resolution 1084, I call up the bill (H.R. 6756) to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to promote new business innovation, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE of Texas). Pursuant to House Resolu-tion 1084, the amendment rec-ommended by the Committee on Ways and Means, printed in the bill, modified by the amendment printed in part A of House Report 115–985, is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 6756 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘American Inno-vation Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. SIMPLIFICATION AND EXPANSION OF DE-DUCTION FOR START-UP AND ORGA-NIZATIONAL EXPENDITURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 195 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by redesig-nating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively, and by striking all that precedes subsection (d) (as so redesignated) and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 195. START-UP AND ORGANIZATIONAL EX-PENDITURES. 
‘‘(a) C APITALIZATION OF EXPENDITURES .—Ex- cept as otherwise provided in this section, no de-duction shall be allowed for start-up or organi-zational expenditures. ‘‘(b) E
LECTION TO DEDUCT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If a taxpayer elects the ap-plication of this subsection with respect to any active trade or business— ‘‘(A) the taxpayer shall be allowed a deduc-tion for the taxable year in which such active trade or business begins in an amount equal to the lesser of— ‘‘(i) the aggregate amount of start-up and or-ganizational expenditures paid or incurred in connection with such active trade or business, or ‘‘(ii) $20,000, reduced (but not below zero) by the amount by which such aggregate amount exceeds $120,000, and ‘‘(B) the remainder of such start-up and orga-nizational expenditures shall be charged to cap-ital account and allowed as an amortization de-duction determined by amortizing such expendi-tures ratably over the 180-month period begin-ning with the month in which the active trade or business begins. ‘‘(2) APPLICATION TO ORGANIZATIONAL EX -
PENDITURES .—In the case of organizational ex-penditures with respect to any corporation or partnership, the active trade or business re-ferred to in paragraph (1) means the first active trade or business carried on by such corporation or partnership. ‘‘(3) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2019, the $20,000 and $120,000 amounts in para-graph (1)(A)(ii) shall each be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2018’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. If any amount as increased under the preceding sentence is not a multiple of $1,000, such amount shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $1,000. ‘‘(c) A
LLOWANCE OF DEDUCTION UPON LIQ-
UIDATION OR DISPOSITION .— ‘‘(1) L
IQUIDATION OF PARTNERSHIP OR COR -
PORATION .—If any partnership or corporation is completely liquidated by the taxpayer, any start-up or organizational expenditures paid or incurred in connection with such partnership or corporation which were not allowed as a deduc-tion by reason of this section may be deducted to the extent allowable under section 165. ‘‘(2) D
ISPOSITION OF TRADE OR BUSINESS .—If any trade or business is completely disposed of or discontinued by the taxpayer, any start-up expenditures paid or incurred in connection with such trade or business which were not al-lowed as a deduction by reason of this section (and not taken into account in connection with a liquidation to which paragraph (1) applies) may be deducted to the extent allowable under section 165. For purposes of this paragraph, in the case of any deduction allowed under sub-section (b)(1) with respect to both start-up and organizational expenditures, the amount treated as so allowed with respect to start-up expendi-tures shall bear the same ratio to such deduc-tion as the start-up expenditures taken into ac-count in determining such deduction bears to the aggregate of the start-up and organizational expenditures so taken into account.’’. (b) O
RGANIZATIONAL EXPENDITURES .—Section 195(d) of such Code, as redesignated by sub-section (a), is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(3) O
RGANIZATIONAL EXPENDITURES .—The term ‘organizational expenditures’ means any expenditure which— ‘‘(A) is incident to the creation of a corpora-tion or a partnership, ‘‘(B) is chargeable to capital account, and ‘‘(C) is of a character which, if expended inci-dent to the creation of a corporation or a part-nership having an ascertainable life, would be amortizable over such life. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICATION TO CERTAIN DISREGARDED  
ENTITIES .—In the case of any entity with a sin-gle owner that is disregarded as an entity sepa-rate from its owner, this section shall be applied in the same manner as if such entity were a cor-poration.’’. (c) E
LECTION .—Section 195(e)(2) of such Code, as redesignated by subsection (a), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) P
ARTNERSHIPS AND S CORPORATIONS .—In the case of any partnership or S corporation, the election under subsection (b) shall be made (and this section shall be applied) at the entity level.’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1)(A) Part VIII of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 248 of such Code (and by striking the item relating to such sec-tion in the table of sections of such part). (B) Section 170(b)(2)(D)(ii) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘(except section 248)’’. (C) Section 312(n)(3) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘Sections 173 and 248’’ and inserting ‘‘Sections 173 and 195’’. (D) Section 535(b)(3) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘(except section 248)’’. (E) Section 545(b)(3) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘(except section 248)’’. (F) Section 545(b)(4) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘(except section 248)’’. (G) Section 834(c)(7) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘(except section 248)’’. (H) Section 852(b)(2)(C) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘(except section 248)’’. (I) Section 857(b)(2)(A) of such Code is amend-ed by striking ‘‘(except section 248)’’. (J) Section 1363(b) of such Code is amended by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (2), by striking paragraph (3), and by redesignating paragraph (4) as paragraph (3). (K) Section 1375(b)(1)(B)(i) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘(other than the deduction allowed by section 248, relating to organization expenditures)’’. (2)(A) Section 709 of such Code is amended to read as follows: ‘‘SEC. 709. TREATMENT OF SYNDICATION FEES. 
‘‘No deduction shall be allowed under this chapter to a partnership or to any partner of the partnership for any amounts paid or in-curred to promote the sale of (or to sell) an in-terest in the partnership.’’. (B) The item relating to section 709 in the table of sections for part I of subchapter K of chapter 1 of such Code is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 709. Treatment of syndication fees.’’. (3) Section 1202(e)(2)(A) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘section 195(c)(1)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 195(d)(1)(A)’’. (4) The item relating to section 195 in the table of contents of part VI of subchapter B of chap-ter 1 of such Code is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 195. Start-up and organizational expendi-tures.’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to expenditures paid or incurred in connection with active trades or businesses which begin in taxable years begin-ning after December 31, 2018. 
SEC. 3. PRESERVATION OF START-UP NET OPER-ATING LOSSES AND TAX CREDITS AFTER OWNERSHIP CHANGE. 
(a) A PPLICATION TO NETOPERATING LOSSES .— Section 382(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(4) E
XCEPTION FOR START -UP LOSSES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any net op-erating loss carryforward described in para-graph (1)(A) which arose in a start-up period taxable year, the amount of such net operating loss carryforward otherwise taken into account under such paragraph shall be reduced by the net start-up loss determined with respect to the trade or business referred to in subparagraph (B)(i) for such start-up period taxable year. ‘‘(B) S
TART-UP PERIOD TAXABLE YEAR .—The term ‘start-up period taxable year’ means any taxable year of the old loss corporation which— ‘‘(i) begins before the close of the 3-year pe-riod beginning on the date on which any trade or business of such corporation begins as an ac-tive trade or business (as determined under sec-tion 195(d)(2) without regard to subparagraph (B) thereof), and ‘‘(ii) ends after September 10, 2018. ‘‘(C) N
ET START -UP LOSS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘net start-up loss’ means, with respect to any trade or business re-ferred to in subparagraph (B)(i) for any start- up period taxable year, the amount which bears the same ratio (but not greater than 1) to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27SE7.012 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9114 September 27, 2018 
net operating loss carryforward which arose in such start-up period taxable year as— ‘‘(I) the net operating loss (if any) which would have been determined for such start-up period taxable year if only items of income, gain, deduction, and loss properly allocable to such trade or business were taken into account, bears to ‘‘(II) the amount of the net operating loss de-termined for such start-up period taxable year. ‘‘(ii) S
PECIAL RULE FOR LAST TAXABLE YEAR IN  
START -UP PERIOD .—In the case of any start-up period taxable year which ends after the close of the 3-year period described in subparagraph (B)(i) with respect to any trade or business, the net start-up loss with respect to such trade or business for such start-up period taxable year shall be the same proportion of such loss (deter-mined without regard to this clause) as the pro-portion of such start-up period taxable year which is on or before the last day of such pe-riod. ‘‘(D) A
PPLICATION TO NET OPERATING LOSS  
ARISING IN YEAR OF OWNERSHIP CHANGE .—Sub- paragraph (A) shall apply to any net operating loss described in paragraph (1)(B) in the same manner as such subparagraph applies to net op-erating loss carryforwards described in para-graph (1)(A), but by only taking into account the amount of such net operating loss (and the amount of the net start-up loss) which is allo-cable under paragraph (1)(B) to the period de-scribed in such paragraph. Proper adjustment in the allocation of the net start-up loss under the preceding sentence shall be made in the case of a taxable year to which subparagraph (C)(ii) applies. ‘‘(E) A
PPLICATION TO TAXABLE YEARS WHICH  
ARE START -UP PERIOD TAXABLE YEARS WITH RE -
SPECT TO MORE THAN 1 TRADE OR BUSINESS .—In the case of any net operating loss carryforward which arose in a taxable year which is a start- up period taxable year with respect to more than 1 trade or business— ‘‘(i) this paragraph shall be applied separately with respect to each such trade or business, and ‘‘(ii) the aggregate reductions under subpara-graph (A) shall not exceed such net operating loss carryforward. ‘‘(F) C
ONTINUITY OF BUSINESS REQUIREMENT .— If the new loss corporation does not continue the trade or business referred to in subpara-graph (B)(i) at all times during the 2-year pe-riod beginning on the change date, this para-graph shall not apply with respect to such trade or business. ‘‘(G) C
ERTAIN TITLE 11 OR SIMILAR CASES .— ‘‘(i) M
ULTIPLE OWNERSHIP CHANGES .—In the case of a 2nd ownership change to which sub-section (l)(5)(D) applies, this paragraph shall not apply for purposes of determining the pre- change loss with respect to such 2nd ownership change. ‘‘(ii) C
ERTAIN INSOLVENCY TRANSACTIONS .—If subsection (l)(6) applies for purposes of deter-mining the value of the old loss corporation under subsection (e), this paragraph shall not apply. ‘‘(H) N
OT APPLICABLE TO DISALLOWED INTER -
EST.—This paragraph shall not apply for pur-poses of applying the rules of paragraph (1) to the carryover of disallowed interest under para-graph (3). ‘‘(I) T
RANSITION RULE .—This paragraph shall not apply with respect to any trade or business if the date on which such trade or business be-gins as an active trade or business (as deter-mined under section 195(d)(2) without regard to subparagraph (B) thereof) is on or before Sep-tember 10, 2018.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION TO EXCESS CREDITS .—Section 383 of such Code is amended by redesignating subsection (e) as subsection (f) and by inserting after subsection (d) the following new sub-section: ‘‘(e) E
XCEPTION FOR START-UPEXCESS CRED-
ITS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any unused general business credit of the corporation under section 39 which arose in a start-up period tax-able year, the amount of such unused general business credit otherwise taken into account under subsection (a)(2)(A) shall be reduced by the start-up excess credit determined with re-spect to any trade or business referred to in sec-tion 382(d)(4)(B)(i) for such start-up period tax-able year. ‘‘(2) START-UP PERIOD TAXABLE YEAR .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘start-up period taxable year’ has the meaning given such term in section 382(d)(4)(B). ‘‘(3) S
TART-UP EXCESS CREDIT .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘start-up excess cred-it’ means, with respect to any trade or business referred to in section 382(d)(4)(B)(i) for any start-up period taxable year, the amount which bears the same ratio to the unused general busi-ness credit which arose in such start-up period taxable year as— ‘‘(A) the amount of the general business credit which would have been determined for such start-up period taxable year if only credits prop-erly allocable to such trade or business were taken into account, bears to ‘‘(B) the amount of the general business credit determined for such start-up period taxable year. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICATION OF CERTAIN RULES .—Rules similar to the rules of subparagraphs (C)(ii), (D), (E), and (F) of section 382(d)(4) shall apply for purposes of this subsection. ‘‘(5) T
RANSITION RULE .—This subsection shall not apply with respect to any trade or business if the date on which such trade or business be-gins as an active trade or business (as deter-mined under section 195(d)(2) without regard to subparagraph (B) thereof) is on or before Sep-tember 10, 2018.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years end-ing after September 10, 2018. 
SEC. 4. BUDGETARY EFFECTS. 
(a) S TATUTORY PAYGO S CORECARDS .—The budgetary effects of this Act shall not be entered on either PAYGO scorecard maintained pursu-ant to section 4(d) of the Statutory Pay-As-You- Go Act of 2010. (b) S
ENATE PAYGO S CORECARDS .—The budg-etary effects of this Act shall not be entered on any PAYGO scorecard maintained for purposes of section 4106 of H. Con. Res. 71 (115th Con-gress). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, as amended, shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Ways and Means. The gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
UCHANAN ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. J
UDY CHU) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on H.R. 6756, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful this bill has been brought to the floor for con-sideration. I rise in support of H.R. 6756, the American Innovation Act, which sup-ports and encourages entrepreneurs to start new businesses. The United States recently dropped out of Bloomberg’s list of the top 10 most innovative countries in the world. New business formations in the United States have taken a dramatic down-turn since the 2008 recession. Between 1977 and 2007, those 30 years, the economy added 120,000, net, new businesses each year. Since 2008, how-ever, the economy has added only about 2,000, net, new businesses each year since. We should all be committed to mak-ing the United States the innovation leader of the world. The American In-novation Act is a down payment to-wards reaching that goal. The American Innovation Act en-courages entrepreneurs in two ways: First, H.R. 6756 allows new businesses to immediately deduct more of their startup organizational expenses. It simplifies the Code and allows busi-nesses to deduct up to $20,000 of startup and organizational expenses when their new business begins. This doubles the amount of the expenses that a business may write off in its first year. Second, the American Innovation Act helps new businesses innovate by pre-serving valuable tax benefits, like the R&D credit, that are generated from activities conducted in the business’ early years. As any entrepreneur knows, starting a new business requires hard work and a lot of capital. During its early years, many businesses operate at a loss, and these losses are used in later years when the business matures and be-comes more profitable. To fund their innovation and growth, entrepreneurs and business owners may seek equity capital from other investors. Today, the infusion of this new in-vestment may trigger limits on the use of a corporation’s valuable losses and credits from the business’ earlier years. Under the American Innovation Act, our country’s businesses may fund their growth and innovation with eq-uity investments from new share-holders without limiting the use of these valuable losses and credits. Mr. Speaker, the American Innova-tion Act supports our entrepreneurs and innovators and facilitates the cre-ation of new businesses. I urge support for this important bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the American Innovation Act. But before I talk about the under-lying bill, I want to make clear that this bill is part of the Republicans’ larger tax scam 2.0. Instead of increas-ing opportunity or addressing the in-come inequality for Americans, the Re-publicans are doubling down on their failed policies that benefit the wealthi-est Americans and are ultimately paid for by the middle class. As a result of the Republicans’ tax law, health insurance companies in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27SE7.017 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9115 September 27, 2018 
State after State are announcing high-er premiums for next year, while health coverage for those living with preexisting conditions is on the chop-ping block. To make matters worse, the Medicare trustees cut 3 years off the life of the Medicare trust fund be-cause of the Republican tax bill. But instead of backing away from their mistake, the Republicans are doubling down. Their second round of tax cuts for the wealthy will further compromise the future of Medicare and Social Security, depriving seniors the benefits they have earned. Not to mention, Republicans are cut-ting taxes for the rich for the second time in less than a year. By simply making permanent the cut to the top individual tax rate, Republicans are providing a huge tax cut for just a frac-tion of the top 5 percent of taxpayers. At the same time, the Republicans have doubled down on their attack on the middle class by making permanent the limits to the State and local tax deduction. In fact, in my home district in California, 37 percent of tax filers claimed the SALT deduction in 2016, and the average SALT deduction was $18,517 according to IRS data. This is nearly double the cap that Republicans have put in place, and that means that middle class families in my district are footing the bill for the wealthy’s per-manent tax cuts. In addition, Republicans are also per-manently limiting the mortgage inter-est deduction and casualty loss deduc-tion. Furthermore, the so-called party of fiscal conservatism will be passing over $3 trillion in tax breaks in less than a year. Because of the Republican tax law and President Trump’s irrespon-sible policies, the U.S. Treasury is now borrowing money at a rate of $5.4 bil-lion per day. This package, like the one before it, is being rushed through with no hear-ings and no input from stakeholders. A rushed and lopsided process resulted in tax bill 1.0, and, in fact, Democrats have identified over 100 problems with the Republicans’ tax law. Republicans are doubling down on their flawed policies with this exercise, with bills guaranteed to be dead on ar-rival in the Senate. Tax scam 2.0 is an-other reckless tax cut for the wealthy that leaves behind average, hard-working families. Now I would like to discuss H.R. 6756, the American Innovation Act. This bill has never received consider-ation in a public committee hearing. Last year, the Republicans’ rushed process created the end result of a dis-astrous tax law that is riddled with problems. Yet rather than learn from their mistake, the Republicans are, once again, moving forward with legis-lation without the appropriate over-sight. Mr. Speaker, I strongly believe in American innovation and entrepre-neurship. As the only member of both the House Small Business Committee and the Ways and Means Committee, I know just how critical small businesses are to the growth of our economy. They create two out of every three new jobs and allow people to be their own bosses. I know that my Democratic col-leagues and I would have enthusiasti-cally and actively participated in the construction of bipartisan legislation to help small businesses deduct more of their startup costs. This is something I care deeply about because access to capital is one of the biggest challenges facing our entrepreneurs today. How-ever, Democrats were shut out of the process once again as the bill was rushed to the floor. With only a few days left for Con-gress to be in session, the Republicans have yet to address rising healthcare costs and how to pay for innovation and value in our healthcare system. b1415 They have done nothing to stop the haphazard and reckless trade policy coming out of the White House. And this week, the Republicans are driving these so-called tax reform 2.0 bills down a road to nowhere. If they were serious about helping small busi-nesses and innovative startups, they surely would have not treated these provisions like an afterthought to their 2017 tax bill. Therefore, I oppose H.R. 6756 and en-courage my colleagues to do the same. We should work together to ensure that small businesses and innovative startups have the tools to not just sur-vive, but actually thrive in the econ-omy. We can do better in a fiscally re-sponsible manner that does not reck-lessly add to the deficit. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ), chair-man of the Ways and Means Com-mittee. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6756, the Amer-ican Innovation Act of 2018, and thank Chairman B
UCHANAN and others for his leadership for America’s startup busi-nesses and innovation. The truth is, startup businesses are huge contributors to innovation and productivity as well as job creation here in America. But the business envi-ronment since the great financial crisis has been tough for those looking to take a risk and start a business. In fact, new business formation here in America took a dramatic downturn during the recession, with startups only accounting for 8 percent of all businesses in 2015. That is cut in half from 1977. The United States also dropped out of Bloomberg’s list of the top 10 most innovative countries in the world. We know that the nation that wins the innovation race wins the fu-ture. This is a problem and, more im-portantly, it is a call to action. The American Innovation Act, led by Chairman B
UCHANAN , will help our en-trepreneurs move a business from their kitchen table to their first office by al-lowing them to write off more startup costs in their early years—years where every dollar matters. This bill will also allow startups to expand and go to the next level here in America by bringing in new investors without triggering tax limits on their access to tax benefits like the R&D tax credit for activities conducted in their early years. With a renewed focus on innovation and entrepreneurship, the American In-novation Act will help America’s risk- takers create jobs, invest in their com-munities, and continue strengthening America’s economy. Mr. Speaker, this is a very simple bill. It can be read in just a couple of minutes. It focuses on America’s entre-preneurs and startup costs. A ‘‘yes’’ vote is in support of startup businesses here in America. A ‘‘yes’’ vote is for innovation expan-sion here in the United States, not somewhere else. A ‘‘yes’’ vote is for economic growth. Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ). Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, it is with some sadness that I have to say I be-lieve this is an absolutely terrible tax bill. The economy is growing. That has been a claim that has been made by proponents of this tax policy. But it is growing for the few. It is not growing for the many. We have the lowest unemployment rate we have had in years. We have had the highest profits in corporations that we have had since before the Great De-pression. Yet, right now, in this coun-try, childhood poverty is increasing re-lentlessly. Relentlessly. How does that happen when we have such a great so-called economy? It happens because we have created the hydraulic system that is transfer-ring money from the low income and middle class to the very wealthy. That is what this Congress has done. And there are consequences to the children who are now in poverty and will be in poverty, but also to those everyday families who aren’t on the right side of the digital divide and whose wages for the past 20 years have been stagnant or declining, even as the things they need—college education for their kids, prescription medication for their fami-lies—those prices are exploding. And by the way, Pharma gets a huge giveaway. They have got the highest profits they have ever had, and we are passing a tax bill that gives them more. We are shoveling money to them when they are sticking price increases to all of us. This doesn’t happen by accident. This has nothing to do with the so-called en-trepreneurial economy. This has to do with a Congress that has no con-science, that doesn’t stand up for ev-eryday people and say: We want poli-cies that let you have a chance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.038 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9116 September 27, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, defeat this bill. Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Let me say to the gentleman that I am not sure how the economy works in Vermont, but I can tell you that in terms of the tax package—the original one and this one, 2.0—Florida is on fire, in terms of growth. There is more en-ergy and more excitement about the tax thing. Ninety percent of people are getting a tax break. For families of four in my area, it is $2,400. We have seen little or no growth for the last 10 years. Now we are at 2 to 3 percent. We have got real growth. It is tough to get the amount of workers that we now need in Flor-ida, in general. That is pushing pay-checks. So I don’t know what is going on in Vermont or different parts of the coun-try, but I can tell you that in Florida it is making a huge difference in terms of the confidence with a lot of startups and entrepreneurs. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCH-
ELL). Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I am changing my comments because I was offended by the last speaker. I grew up in a family where dad built trucks on the line and mom worked at the Salvation Army. In my district alone, people get to keep $2,700 of the money they earn in their pocket rather than being sent to the Federal Govern-ment so our colleagues on the other side of the aisle can find a way to spend it. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was the first major reforms and major tax cuts in 31 years. I was young the last time Congress was actually able to do some-thing about taxing people, taxing money that they earned so we could figure out how to spend it here—and, frankly, some days, I am convinced not well. Since that tax cut jobs have grown. As is noted, unemployment is down record levels across all demographics. The class warfare kind of amazes me, frankly. This week, we are building on those achievements by advancing three crit-ical pieces legislation. First, the bill now, the American Innovation Act, will allow startup businesses to double the write-off amount of startup costs to encourage new business, exactly the type of people we want to grow busi-nesses and create jobs in this country. It will bring in new investors and doesn’t trigger limits on their tax ben-efits. Today, we will also consider the Family Savings Act, which gives broader options for retirement savings for people that go to work and want to know what happens when they get older. Tomorrow, we will be debating the Protecting Families and Small Busi-ness Tax Cuts, which makes permanent the individual and small business tax cuts from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, tax benefits that were denied in the Senate because it was determined they needed 60 votes. I will tell you where the 60 votes did not come in. It did not come in from our colleagues on the other side of the aisle. So when we were criticized that they are not permanent at this time, it is because our colleagues on the other side of the aisle decided they would use it as a political talking point rather than make permanent the benefits that would have helped my family, my par-ents, when they worked. Mr. Speaker, I am a cosponsor of all three bills, and I ask my colleagues to support them. Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. KIND). Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from California for yield-ing. Mr. Speaker, I rise reluctantly in op-position to this legislation. I say reluc-tantly because there are some good, de-cent provisions that are contained in this legislation. The first year expensing for new busi-nesses, the net operating loss and tax credit carry over to new ownership and small businesses. There is a lot of bipartisan support for doing more to support entre-preneurs and the startup of businesses in that early stage capital that this bill, in part, is meant to address. Un-fortunately the process is all wrong. Instead of holding hearings, instead of getting feedback, instead of soliciting bipartisan support—and I am confident that if time were in order to build sup-port for this bill, there would be wide bipartisan support—this legislation is being driven for one reason and one reason only: the political calendar. That is a missed opportunity. We ought to get back to doing our business on the Ways and Means Com-mittee and start holding hearings, start getting feedback, and doing it in a fiscally responsible manner. This bill, because of no effort to find an offset, will increase our debt by over $5 billion. Again, it is for some press releases leading to the midterm elec-tions. Who cares what the impact is going to be for our children and grand-children or on future financial obliga-tions that our Nation shares. Appar-ently, that fiscal responsibility is out the window right now, based on the tax cut that passed last year and the next two bills coming up out of the Ways and Means Committee this week. But what else is also unfortunate is that during the markup of this bill, our good friend, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. T
HOMPSON ), offered a very important and I thought thoughtful amendment that would allow tax credit deductibility for small businesses that were impacted by natural disasters. My district in western Wisconsin just got slammed with major flooding this past month. Unfortunately, there is not a lot of help at the Federal and State level, whether it is FEMA or State agencies, when it comes to help-ing small businesses get back on their feet. There just isn’t. There are small, low-interest SBA loans and maybe some no-interest loans that the State can offer that all have to be repaid. Other than that, there is really noth-ing. Representative THOMPSON offered an amendment that said: Let’s have the Federal Tax Code work with these small businesses rather than against them. Instead of that being thought-fully considered, it was rejected out of hand because of the rush to get this bill on the floor. Again, another missed opportunity of how we should be con-ducting business around here and rec-ognizing the needs of small businesses throughout the country. Let’s slow down. Let’s reject what is before us today. We still have time. The Senate is not planning on taking up these bills. Let’s go back to doing it the right way. Let’s talk to one an-other and find some common ground. And let’s do it in a fiscally responsible manner so we are not saddling future generations with huge debt, especially given the aging population in our coun-try. What we have before us today is the result of a bad process. We can do bet-ter. I encourage my colleagues to re-ject it. Let’s do it the right way. Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I just want to mention to the gen-tleman from Wisconsin that there were no amendments offered on this bill, if he wants to check that. I also have a list of groups who are supportive of this bill, such as Associ-ated Builders and Contractors, the Chamber of Commerce, Biotechnology Innovation Organization, and Angel Capital Association. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  this document listing organizations in support of the bill. 
H.R. 6756 THEAMERICAN INNOVATION ACT OF  2018 AdvaMed American Dental Association Americans for Tax Reform, 60 Plus Asso-ciation, American Commitment, American Conservative Union, American Consumer In-stitute, ALEC Action, Americans for a Strong Economy, Association of Mature American Citizens, Campaign For Liberty, Ryan Ellis, Center for a Free Economy, Cen-ter for Freedom and Prosperity, Center for Individual Freedom, Center for Worker Free-dom, Citizen Outreach (Nevada), Consumer Action for a Strong Economy, Council for Citizens Against Government Waste, Com-petitive Enterprise Institute, Digital Lib-erty, Family Business Coalition, Florida Center Right Coalition, FreedomWorks, Frontiers of Freedom, Goldwater Institute (Arizona), Granite State Taxpayers (New Hampshire), Heritage Action for America, Hispanic American Center for Economic Re-search, Hispanic Leadership Fund, Inde-pendent Women’s Forum, Independent Wom-en’s Voice, Institute for Liberty, The James Madison Institute (Florida), Jesse Helms Center (North Carolina), Kansas Policy Insti-tute, Less Government, Maine Center-right Coalition Meeting, Mississippi Center for Public Policy, National Taxpayers Union, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.040 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9117 September 27, 2018 
New Hampshire Center-Right Meeting, Ohio-ans for Tax Reform, The Ohio Diversity Coa-lition, Oregon Capitol Watch, Pegasus Insti-tute (Kentucky), Pegasus Institute (Ken-tucky), Pelican Institute for Public Policy (Louisiana), Property Rights Alliance, Reaching America, Rhode Island Center for Freedom and Prosperity, Rio Grande Foun-dation (New Mexico), Small Business & En-trepreneurship Council, Ohio House of Rep-resentatives Chair, Ohio Center-right Meet-ing, Taxpayers Protection Alliance, Tea Party Nation, We the People Convention, Women for Trump Angel Capital Association Associated Builders and Contractors, Inc. (Key Vote) Biotechnology Innovation Organization Chamber of Commerce Club for Growth Heating, Ventilation, Air Conditioning, and Refrigeration Industry: Air Conditioning Contractors of America, Heating Air Condi-tioning and Refrigeration Distributors Inter-national. Plumbing Heating Cooling Con-tractors Association, AMCA International, Air-Conditioning Heating and Refrigeration Institute Heritage Foundation National Venture Capital Association The National Electrical Contractors Asso-ciation 
Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. L
AHOOD). Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman B
UCHANAN for all his hard work on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in support of H.R. 6756, the American Innovation Act. Over the last 9 months since we passed once-in-a-lifetime tax reform, small businesses have been empowered by those positive changes to expand op-erations, hire new workers, reward em-ployees with bonuses or increased pay, and keep jobs here at home. In central and west central Illinois, in my district, we have seen firsthand how the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has al-leviated businesses of the burdensome Tax Code we were under before, giving companies all across different sectors and sizes the ability to innovate and grow into businesses. They are companies such as Rivian Automotive in Bloomington-Normal, Illinois, who is creating state-of-the- art full electric-powered pickups and SUVs. They announced in May they will be manufacturing their trucks in Bloomington-Normal, bringing jobs and economic opportunity to our com-munity. AutonomouStuff in Morton, Illinois, has evolved into a worldwide leader in the development of innovative software and engineering technologies that en-able robotics and autonomy. Precision Planting in Tremont, Illi-nois, is testing agriculture practices so that farmers all across the heartland can find innovative ways to increase production and sustain equipment, making central Illinois the Silicon Valley of the Midwest. With the largest medical community in downstate Illinois, the innovative breakthroughs at our local healthcare systems, such as OSF HealthCare’s Jump Trading Simulation Center in Peoria, or the Memorial Center for Learning and Innovation in Spring-field, serve as catalysts for reforming how healthcare is delivered by making healthcare safer, more accessible, and affordable. b1430 The American Innovation Act, which we are presenting today after a lot of thoughtful work by the committee, builds upon the economic successes small businesses have seen over the last 9 months, unleashing entre-preneurs’ innovative spirit, so they can continue to grow, prosper, and succeed. Since the recession, creation of new businesses has taken a significant downturn, and it is time we reform our Tax Code so entrepreneurs have the ability to achieve their goals. Mr. Speaker, I commend Chairman BUCHANAN and Chairman B RADY for their hard work and urge my col-leagues to support this bill. Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, first, I would like to clarify something. I appreciate the comment from Chairman B
UCHANAN re-garding Mr. T
HOMPSON ’s amendment, but that does not change the fact that, during tax bill 2.0 and its markup, every Republican present voted against permanent natural disaster relief on H.R. 6760. Mr. Speaker, Democrats are strong believers in the power of American in-novation and entrepreneurship. Demo-crats support small businesses, which are the backbone of our economy and create two out of every three new jobs. My Democratic colleagues and I would have loved to participate in the draft-ing of bipartisan legislation to help small businesses and innovative startups succeed, but that is not the process that the majority adopted. This bill, just like tax scam 1.0, has never received the scrutiny it deserves in a public committee hearing. A rushed and lopsided process resulted in the disastrous tax law. Yet, rather than learn from their mistakes, Repub-licans are once again rushing through legislation without the appropriate oversight. This process should tell you how seri-ous the majority is about helping small businesses, which is not very. If the Re-publicans were serious about helping small businesses last year, they surely would not have enacted their so-called small business tax benefit to disguise a massive tax cut for millionaires. If Republicans were serious about helping small businesses and innova-tive startups today, they surely would not have treated these provisions like an afterthought, guaranteed to be dead on arrival in the Senate. Mr. Speaker, I believe we should work together to ensure that small businesses, ranging from mom-and-pop shops to cutting-edge startups, have the tools they need to thrive in this economy. But we should do it the right way, with hearings and input from stakeholders, and in a fiscally respon-sible manner, not by saddling future Americans with more debt. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as someone who has been in business 30 years, I can just tell you that, in the last couple of years, our economy in Florida and I think all over America has exploded. People are excited. They are enthusiastic. In fact, I did a roundtable of all women in my district. Why did I do that? Because 57 percent of startups in the next 10 years will be women led. So why would we want to not support giv-ing them additional deductions? In-stead of just writing off $5,000, they can write off $20,000. In terms of opening businesses, it is as little as 2,000 a year. It used to be 100,000-plus new startups a year. That is where the jobs are created. I chaired the local chamber in Sara-sota, Florida. I can tell you, out of the 2,400 businesses, most of them were 15 employees or less, 90 percent. I also chaired the Florida chamber. There were 126,000 businesses in that federation, and most of them were 15 employees or less, many times 1, 2, 3 employees. It is tough when you open a business. Usually, you have losses for a couple of years. This bill helps to address that, especially as they try to attract cap-ital. They could use some of those losses to attract capital. This is all about pro-business and growth. We have had little or no growth for the last 10 years. Now we are starting to take off and be much more competitive in the world. That is what this bill is all about. Mr. Speaker, let me just close with this thought. For too many years, the United States has been lagging in the creation of new businesses. Startup businesses are vital to the American economy, because they are significant contributors to innovation, produc-tivity, and job creation. Together, we should all support the legislation. This makes it easier and less costly for hardworking Americans to realize their American Dream of starting businesses. The American Innovation Act does just that. It supports innovators, entre-preneurs, workers, and the economy with commonsense policy solutions. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 1084, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27SE7.014 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9118 September 27, 2018 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
FAMILY SAVINGS ACT OF 2018 Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1084, I call up the bill (H.R. 6757) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to encourage retirement and fam-ily savings, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 1084, the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, printed in the bill, modified by the amendment printed in part B of House Report 115– 985, is adopted, and the bill, as amend-ed, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 6757 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; ETC. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Family Savings Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; etc. TITLE I—EXPANDING AND PRESERVING RETIREMENT SAVINGS Sec. 101. Multiple employer plans; pooled em-ployer plans. Sec. 102. Rules relating to election of safe har-bor 401(k) status. Sec. 103. Certain taxable non-tuition fellowship and stipend payments treated as compensation for IRA purposes. Sec. 104. Repeal of maximum age for traditional IRA contributions. Sec. 105. Qualified employer plans prohibited from making loans through credit cards and other similar arrange-ments. Sec. 106. Portability of lifetime income invest-ments. Sec. 107. Treatment of custodial accounts on termination of section 403(b) plans. Sec. 108. Clarification of retirement income ac-count rules relating to church- controlled organizations. Sec. 109. Exemption from required minimum dis-tribution rules for individuals with certain account balances. Sec. 110. Clarification of treatment of certain retirement plan contributions picked up by governmental em-ployers for new or existing em-ployees. Sec. 111. Elective deferrals by members of the Ready Reserve of a reserve compo-nent of the Armed Forces. TITLE II—ADMINISTRATIVE IMPROVEMENTS Sec. 201. Plan adopted by filing due date for year may be treated as in effect as of close of year. Sec. 202. Modification of nondiscrimination rules to protect older, longer serv-ice participants. Sec. 203. Study of appropriate PBGC premiums. TITLE III—OTHER SAVINGS PROVISIONS Sec. 301. Universal Savings Accounts. Sec. 302. Expansion of section 529 plans. Sec. 303. Penalty-free withdrawals from retire-ment plans for individuals in case of birth of child or adoption. TITLE I—EXPANDING AND PRESERVING RETIREMENT SAVINGS SEC. 101. MULTIPLE EMPLOYER PLANS; POOLED EMPLOYER PLANS. 
(a) Q UALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 413 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) A
PPLICATION OF QUALIFICATION REQUIRE -
MENTS FOR CERTAIN MULTIPLE EMPLOYER PLANS W
ITHPOOLED PLANPROVIDERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), if a defined contribution plan to which subsection (c) applies— ‘‘(A) is maintained by employers which have a common interest other than having adopted the plan, or ‘‘(B) in the case of a plan not described in subparagraph (A), has a pooled plan provider, then the plan shall not be treated as failing to meet the requirements under this title applicable to a plan described in section 401(a) or to a plan that consists of individual retirement accounts described in section 408 (including by reason of subsection (c) thereof), whichever is applicable, merely because one or more employers of em-ployees covered by the plan fail to take such ac-tions as are required of such employers for the plan to meet such requirements. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any plan unless the terms of the plan provide that in the case of any employer in the plan failing to take the actions described in paragraph (1)— ‘‘(i) the assets of the plan attributable to em-ployees of such employer (or beneficiaries of such employees) will be transferred to a plan maintained only by such employer (or its suc-cessor), to an eligible retirement plan as defined in section 402(c)(8)(B) for each individual whose account is transferred, or to any other arrange-ment that the Secretary determines is appro-priate, unless the Secretary determines it is in the best interests of the employees of such em-ployer (and the beneficiaries of such employees) to retain the assets in the plan, and ‘‘(ii) such employer (and not the plan with re-spect to which the failure occurred or any other employer in such plan) shall, except to the ex-tent provided by the Secretary, be liable for any liabilities with respect to such plan attributable to employees of such employer (or beneficiaries of such employees). ‘‘(B) F
AILURES BY POOLED PLAN PROVIDERS .— If the pooled plan provider of a plan described in paragraph (1)(B) does not perform substan-tially all of the administrative duties which are required of the provider under paragraph (3)(A)(i) for any plan year, the Secretary may provide that the determination as to whether the plan meets the requirements under this title applicable to a plan described in section 401(a) or to a plan that consists of individual retire-ment accounts described in section 408 (includ-ing by reason of subsection (c) thereof), which-ever is applicable, shall be made in the same manner as would be made without regard to paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) P
OOLED PLAN PROVIDER .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section, the term ‘pooled plan provider’ means, with respect to any plan, a person who— ‘‘(i) is designated by the terms of the plan as a named fiduciary (within the meaning of sec-tion 402(a)(2) of the Employee Retirement In-come Security Act of 1974), as the plan adminis-trator, and as the person responsible to perform all administrative duties (including conducting proper testing with respect to the plan and the employees of each employer in the plan) which are reasonably necessary to ensure that— ‘‘(I) the plan meets any requirement applica-ble under the Employee Retirement Income Se-curity Act of 1974 or this title to a plan de-scribed in section 401(a) or to a plan that con-sists of individual retirement accounts described in section 408 (including by reason of subsection (c) thereof), whichever is applicable, and ‘‘(II) each employer in the plan takes such ac-tions as the Secretary or such person determines are necessary for the plan to meet the require-ments described in subclause (I), including pro-viding to such person any disclosures or other information which the Secretary may require or which such person otherwise determines are necessary to administer the plan or to allow the plan to meet such requirements, ‘‘(ii) registers as a pooled plan provider with the Secretary, and provides such other informa-tion to the Secretary as the Secretary may re-quire, before beginning operations as a pooled plan provider, ‘‘(iii) acknowledges in writing that such per-son is a named fiduciary (within the meaning of section 402(a)(2) of the Employee Retirement In-come Security Act of 1974), and the plan admin-istrator, with respect to the plan, and ‘‘(iv) is responsible for ensuring that all per-sons who handle assets of, or who are fidu-ciaries of, the plan are bonded in accordance with section 412 of the Employee Retirement In-come Security Act of 1974. ‘‘(B) AUDITS , EXAMINATIONS AND INVESTIGA -
TIONS .—The Secretary may perform audits, ex-aminations, and investigations of pooled plan providers as may be necessary to enforce and carry out the purposes of this subsection. ‘‘(C) A
GGREGATION RULES .—For purposes of this paragraph, in determining whether a per-son meets the requirements of this paragraph to be a pooled plan provider with respect to any plan, all persons who perform services for the plan and who are treated as a single employer under subsection (b), (c), (m), or (o) of section 414 shall be treated as one person. ‘‘(D) T
REATMENT OF EMPLOYERS AS PLAN  
SPONSORS .—Except with respect to the adminis-trative duties of the pooled plan provider de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(i), each employer in a plan which has a pooled plan provider shall be treated as the plan sponsor with respect to the portion of the plan attributable to employees of such employer (or beneficiaries of such em-ployees). ‘‘(4) G
UIDANCE .—The Secretary shall issue such guidance as the Secretary determines ap-propriate to carry out this subsection, including guidance— ‘‘(A) to identify the administrative duties and other actions required to be performed by a pooled plan provider under this subsection, ‘‘(B) which describes the procedures to be taken to terminate a plan which fails to meet the requirements to be a plan described in para-graph (1), including the proper treatment of, and actions needed to be taken by, any em-ployer in the plan and the assets and liabilities of the plan attributable to employees of such employer (or beneficiaries of such employees), and ‘‘(C) identifying appropriate cases to which the rules of paragraph (2)(A) will apply to em-ployers in the plan failing to take the actions described in paragraph (1). The Secretary shall take into account under subparagraph (C) whether the failure of an em-ployer or pooled plan provider to provide any disclosures or other information, or to take any other action, necessary to administer a plan or to allow a plan to meet requirements applicable to the plan under section 401(a) or 408, which-ever is applicable, has continued over a period 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.044 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9119 September 27, 2018 
of time that demonstrates a lack of commitment to compliance. ‘‘(5) M
ODEL PLAN .—The Secretary shall pub-lish model plan language which meets the re-quirements of this subsection and of paragraphs (43) and (44) of section 3 of the Employee Retire-ment Income Security Act of 1974 and which may be adopted in order for a plan to be treated as a plan described in paragraph (1)(B).’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 413(c)(2) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘section 401(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 401(a) and 408(c)’’. (3) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 408(c) of such Code is amended by inserting after para-graph (2) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) There is a separate accounting for any interest of an employee or member (or spouse of an employee or member) in a Roth IRA.’’. (b) N
OCOMMON INTEREST REQUIRED FOR  P
OOLED EMPLOYER PLANS.—Section 3(2) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1002(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) A pooled employer plan shall be treated as— ‘‘(i) a single employee pension benefit plan or single pension plan; and ‘‘(ii) a plan to which section 210(a) applies.’’. (c) P
OOLED EMPLOYER PLAN AND PROVIDER  D
EFINED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 3 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1002) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(43) P
OOLED EMPLOYER PLAN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘pooled employer plan’ means a plan— ‘‘(i) which is an individual account plan es-tablished or maintained for the purpose of pro-viding benefits to the employees of 2 or more em-ployers; ‘‘(ii) which is a plan described in section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 which includes a trust exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code or a plan that con-sists of individual retirement accounts described in section 408 of such Code (including by reason of subsection (c) thereof); and ‘‘(iii) the terms of which meet the requirements of subparagraph (B). Such term shall not include a plan maintained by employers which have a common interest other than having adopted the plan. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR PLAN TERMS .—The requirements of this subparagraph are met with respect to any plan if the terms of the plan— ‘‘(i) designate a pooled plan provider and pro-vide that the pooled plan provider is a named fi-duciary of the plan; ‘‘(ii) designate one or more trustees meeting the requirements of section 408(a)(2) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 (other than an em-ployer in the plan) to be responsible for col-lecting contributions to, and holding the assets of, the plan and require such trustees to imple-ment written contribution collection procedures that are reasonable, diligent, and systematic; ‘‘(iii) provide that each employer in the plan retains fiduciary responsibility for— ‘‘(I) the selection and monitoring in accord-ance with section 404(a) of the person des-ignated as the pooled plan provider and any other person who, in addition to the pooled plan provider, is designated as a named fiduciary of the plan; and ‘‘(II) to the extent not otherwise delegated to another fiduciary by the pooled plan provider and subject to the provisions of section 404(c), the investment and management of the portion of the plan’s assets attributable to the employees of the employer (or beneficiaries of such employ-ees); ‘‘(iv) provide that employers in the plan, and participants and beneficiaries, are not subject to unreasonable restrictions, fees, or penalties with regard to ceasing participation, receipt of dis-tributions, or otherwise transferring assets of the plan in accordance with section 208 or para-graph (44)(C)(i)(II); ‘‘(v) require— ‘‘(I) the pooled plan provider to provide to em-ployers in the plan any disclosures or other in-formation which the Secretary may require, in-cluding any disclosures or other information to facilitate the selection or any monitoring of the pooled plan provider by employers in the plan; and ‘‘(II) each employer in the plan to take such actions as the Secretary or the pooled plan pro-vider determines are necessary to administer the plan or for the plan to meet any requirement ap-plicable under this Act or the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to a plan described in section 401(a) of such Code or to a plan that consists of indi-vidual retirement accounts described in section 408 of such Code (including by reason of sub-section (c) thereof), whichever is applicable, in-cluding providing any disclosures or other infor-mation which the Secretary may require or which the pooled plan provider otherwise deter-mines are necessary to administer the plan or to allow the plan to meet such requirements; and ‘‘(vi) provide that any disclosure or other in-formation required to be provided under clause (v) may be provided in electronic form and will be designed to ensure only reasonable costs are imposed on pooled plan providers and employers in the plan. ‘‘(C) EXCEPTIONS .—The term ‘pooled employer plan’ does not include— ‘‘(i) a multiemployer plan; or ‘‘(ii) a plan established before the date of the enactment of the Family Savings Act of 2018 un-less the plan administrator elects that the plan will be treated as a pooled employer plan and the plan meets the requirements of this title ap-plicable to a pooled employer plan established on or after such date. ‘‘(D) T
REATMENT OF EMPLOYERS AS PLAN  
SPONSORS .—Except with respect to the adminis-trative duties of the pooled plan provider de-scribed in paragraph (44)(A)(i), each employer in a pooled employer plan shall be treated as the plan sponsor with respect to the portion of the plan attributable to employees of such employer (or beneficiaries of such employees). ‘‘(44) P
OOLED PLAN PROVIDER .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘pooled plan pro-vider’ means a person who— ‘‘(i) is designated by the terms of a pooled em-ployer plan as a named fiduciary, as the plan administrator, and as the person responsible for the performance of all administrative duties (in-cluding conducting proper testing with respect to the plan and the employees of each employer in the plan) which are reasonably necessary to ensure that— ‘‘(I) the plan meets any requirement applica-ble under this Act or the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to a plan described in section 401(a) of such Code or to a plan that consists of indi-vidual retirement accounts described in section 408 of such Code (including by reason of sub-section (c) thereof), whichever is applicable; and ‘‘(II) each employer in the plan takes such ac-tions as the Secretary or pooled plan provider determines are necessary for the plan to meet the requirements described in subclause (I), in-cluding providing the disclosures and informa-tion described in paragraph (43)(B)(v)(II); ‘‘(ii) registers as a pooled plan provider with the Secretary, and provides to the Secretary such other information as the Secretary may re-quire, before beginning operations as a pooled plan provider; ‘‘(iii) acknowledges in writing that such per-son is a named fiduciary, and the plan adminis-trator, with respect to the pooled employer plan; and ‘‘(iv) is responsible for ensuring that all per-sons who handle assets of, or who are fidu-ciaries of, the pooled employer plan are bonded in accordance with section 412. ‘‘(B) A
UDITS , EXAMINATIONS AND INVESTIGA -
TIONS .—The Secretary may perform audits, ex-aminations, and investigations of pooled plan providers as may be necessary to enforce and carry out the purposes of this paragraph and paragraph (43). ‘‘(C) GUIDANCE .—The Secretary shall issue such guidance as the Secretary determines ap-propriate to carry out this paragraph and para-graph (43), including guidance— ‘‘(i) to identify the administrative duties and other actions required to be performed by a pooled plan provider under either such para-graph; and ‘‘(ii) which requires in appropriate cases that if an employer in the plan fails to take the ac-tions required under subparagraph (A)(i)(II)— ‘‘(I) the assets of the plan attributable to em-ployees of such employer (or beneficiaries of such employees) are transferred to a plan main-tained only by such employer (or its successor), to an eligible retirement plan as defined in sec-tion 402(c)(8)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 for each individual whose account is transferred, or to any other arrangement that the Secretary determines is appropriate in such guidance; and ‘‘(II) such employer (and not the plan with re-spect to which the failure occurred or any other employer in such plan) shall, except to the ex-tent provided in such guidance, be liable for any liabilities with respect to such plan attributable to employees of such employer (or beneficiaries of such employees). The Secretary shall take into account under clause (ii) whether the failure of an employer or pooled plan provider to provide any disclosures or other information, or to take any other ac-tion, necessary to administer a plan or to allow a plan to meet requirements described in sub-paragraph (A)(i)(II) has continued over a period of time that demonstrates a lack of commitment to compliance. The Secretary may waive the re-quirements of subclause (ii)(I) in appropriate circumstances if the Secretary determines it is in the best interests of the employees of the em-ployer referred to in such clause (and the bene-ficiaries of such employees) to retain the assets in the plan with respect to which the employer’s failure occurred. ‘‘(D) A
GGREGATION RULES .—For purposes of this paragraph, in determining whether a per-son meets the requirements of this paragraph to be a pooled plan provider with respect to any plan, all persons who perform services for the plan and who are treated as a single employer under subsection (b), (c), (m), or (o) of section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall be treated as one person.’’. (2) B
ONDING REQUIREMENTS FOR POOLED EM -
PLOYER PLANS .—The last sentence of section 412(a) of the Employee Retirement Income Secu-rity Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1112(a)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or in the case of a pooled employer plan (as defined in section 3(43))’’ after ‘‘section 407(d)(1))’’. (3) C
ONFORMING AND TECHNICAL AMEND -
MENTS .—Section 3 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1002) is amended— (A) in paragraph (16)(B)— (i) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of clause (ii); and (ii) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘, or (iv) in the case of a pooled em-ployer plan, the pooled plan provider.’’; and (B) by striking the second paragraph (41). (d) P
OOLED EMPLOYER AND MULTIPLE EM-
PLOYER PLANREPORTING .— (1) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—Section 103 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1023) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘appli-cable subsections (d), (e), and (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘applicable subsections (d), (e), (f), and (g)’’; and (B) by amending subsection (g) to read as fol-lows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27SE7.015 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9120 September 27, 2018 
‘‘(g) A DDITIONAL INFORMATION WITHRESPECT  
TOPOOLED EMPLOYER AND MULTIPLE EM-
PLOYER PLANS.—An annual report under this section for a plan year shall include— ‘‘(1) with respect to any plan to which section 210(a) applies (including a pooled employer plan), a list of employers in the plan, a good faith estimate of the percentage of total con-tributions made by such employers during the plan year, and the aggregate account balances attributable to each employer in the plan (deter-mined as the sum of the account balances of the employees of such employer (and the bene-ficiaries of such employees)); and ‘‘(2) with respect to a pooled employer plan, the identifying information for the person des-ignated under the terms of the plan as the pooled plan provider.’’. (2) S
IMPLIFIED ANNUAL REPORTS .—Section 104(a) of the Employee Retirement Income Secu-rity Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1024(a)) is amended by striking paragraph (2)(A) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2)(A) With respect to annual reports re-quired to be filed with the Secretary under this part, the Secretary may by regulation prescribe simplified annual reports for any pension plan that— ‘‘(i) covers fewer than 100 participants; or ‘‘(ii) is a plan described in section 210(a) that covers fewer than 1,000 participants, but only if no single employer in the plan has 100 or more participants covered by the plan.’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to plan years beginning after December 31, 2019. (2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in the amendments made by subsection (a) shall be construed as limiting the authority of the Sec-retary of the Treasury or the Secretary’s dele-gate (determined without regard to such amend-ments) to provide for the proper treatment of a failure to meet any requirement applicable under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 with respect to one employer (and its employees) in a multiple employer plan. 
SEC. 102. RULES RELATING TO ELECTION OF SAFE HARBOR 401(k) STATUS. 
(a) L IMITATION OF ANNUAL SAFEHARBOR NO-
TICE TO MATCHING CONTRIBUTION PLANS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 401(k)(12)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘if such arrangement’’ and all that fol-lows and inserting ‘‘if such arrangement— ‘‘(i) meets the contribution requirements of subparagraph (B) and the notice requirements of subparagraph (D), or ‘‘(ii) meets the contribution requirements of subparagraph (C).’’. (2) A
UTOMATIC CONTRIBUTION ARRANGE -
MENTS .—Section 401(k)(13)(B) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘means’’ and all that fol-lows and inserting ‘‘means a cash or deferred arrangement— ‘‘(i) which is described in subparagraph (D)(i)(I) and meets the applicable requirements of subparagraphs (C) through (E), or ‘‘(ii) which is described in subparagraph (D)(i)(II) and meets the applicable requirements of subparagraphs (C) and (D).’’. (b) N
ONELECTIVE CONTRIBUTIONS .—Section 401(k)(12) of such Code is amended by redesig-nating subparagraph (F) as subparagraph (G), and by inserting after subparagraph (E) the fol-lowing new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) T
IMING OF PLAN AMENDMENT FOR EM -
PLOYER MAKING NONELECTIVE CONTRIBUTIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), a plan may be amended after the be-ginning of a plan year to provide that the re-quirements of subparagraph (C) shall apply to the arrangement for the plan year, but only if the amendment is adopted— ‘‘(I) at any time before the 30th day before the close of the plan year, or ‘‘(II) at any time before the last day under paragraph (8)(A) for distributing excess con-tributions for the plan year. ‘‘(ii) EXCEPTION WHERE PLAN PROVIDED FOR  
MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS .—Clause (i) shall not apply to any plan year if the plan provided at any time during the plan year that the require-ments of subparagraph (B) or paragraph (13)(D)(i)(I) applied to the plan year. ‘‘(iii) 4-
PERCENT CONTRIBUTION REQUIRE -
MENT .—Clause (i)(II) shall not apply to an ar-rangement unless the amount of the contribu-tions described in subparagraph (C) which the employer is required to make under the arrange-ment for the plan year with respect to any em-ployee is an amount equal to at least 4 percent of the employee’s compensation.’’. (c) A
UTOMATIC CONTRIBUTION ARRANGE -
MENTS .—Section 401(k)(13) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) T
IMING OF PLAN AMENDMENT FOR EM -
PLOYER MAKING NONELECTIVE CONTRIBUTIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), a plan may be amended after the be-ginning of a plan year to provide that the re-quirements of subparagraph (D)(i)(II) shall apply to the arrangement for the plan year, but only if the amendment is adopted— ‘‘(I) at any time before the 30th day before the close of the plan year, or ‘‘(II) at any time before the last day under paragraph (8)(A) for distributing excess con-tributions for the plan year. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION WHERE PLAN PROVIDED FOR  
MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS .—Clause (i) shall not apply to any plan year if the plan provided at any time during the plan year that the require-ments of subparagraph (D)(i)(I) or paragraph (12)(B) applied to the plan year. ‘‘(iii) 4-
PERCENT CONTRIBUTION REQUIRE -
MENT .—Clause (i)(II) shall not apply to an ar-rangement unless the amount of the contribu-tions described in subparagraph (D)(i)(II) which the employer is required to make under the ar-rangement for the plan year with respect to any employee is an amount equal to at least 4 per-cent of the employee’s compensation.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to plan years begin-ning after December 31, 2018. 
SEC. 103. CERTAIN TAXABLE NON-TUITION FEL-LOWSHIP AND STIPEND PAYMENTS TREATED AS COMPENSATION FOR IRA PURPOSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 219(f)(1) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘The term ‘com-pensation’ shall include any amount included in gross income and paid to an individual to aid the individual in the pursuit of graduate or postdoctoral study.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2018. 
SEC. 104. REPEAL OF MAXIMUM AGE FOR TRADI-TIONAL IRA CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 219(d) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking paragraph (1). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 408A(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking paragraph (4) and by re-designating paragraphs (5), (6), and (7) as para-graphs (4), (5), and (6), respectively. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to contributions made for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018. 
SEC. 105. QUALIFIED EMPLOYER PLANS PROHIB-ITED FROM MAKING LOANS THROUGH CREDIT CARDS AND OTHER SIMILAR ARRANGEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 72(p)(2) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by redesig-nating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (E) and by inserting after subparagraph (C) the fol-lowing new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) P
ROHIBITION OF LOANS THROUGH CREDIT  
CARDS AND OTHER SIMILAR ARRANGEMENTS .— Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), paragraph (1) shall apply to any loan which is made through the use of any credit card or any other similar arrangement.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to loans made after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 106. PORTABILITY OF LIFETIME INCOME IN-VESTMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 401(a) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by insert-ing after paragraph (37) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(38) P
ORTABILITY OF LIFETIME INCOME IN -
VESTMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as may be other-wise provided by regulations, a trust forming part of a defined contribution plan shall not be treated as failing to constitute a qualified trust under this section solely by reason of allowing— ‘‘(i) qualified distributions of a lifetime income investment, or ‘‘(ii) distributions of a lifetime income invest-ment in the form of a qualified plan distribution annuity contract, on or after the date that is 90 days prior to the date on which such lifetime income investment is no longer authorized to be held as an invest-ment option under the plan. ‘‘(B) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section— ‘‘(i) the term ‘qualified distribution’ means a direct trustee-to-trustee transfer described in paragraph (31)(A) to an eligible retirement plan (as defined in section 402(c)(8)(B)), ‘‘(ii) the term ‘lifetime income investment’ means an investment option which is designed to provide an employee with election rights— ‘‘(I) which are not uniformly available with respect to other investment options under the plan, and ‘‘(II) which are to a lifetime income feature available through a contract or other arrange-ment offered under the plan (or under another eligible retirement plan (as so defined), if paid by means of a direct trustee-to-trustee transfer described in paragraph (31)(A) to such other eli-gible retirement plan), ‘‘(iii) the term ‘lifetime income feature’ means— ‘‘(I) a feature which guarantees a minimum level of income annually (or more frequently) for at least the remainder of the life of the em-ployee or the joint lives of the employee and the employee’s designated beneficiary, or ‘‘(II) an annuity payable on behalf of the em-ployee under which payments are made in sub-stantially equal periodic payments (not less fre-quently than annually) over the life of the em-ployee or the joint lives of the employee and the employee’s designated beneficiary, and ‘‘(iv) the term ‘qualified plan distribution an-nuity contract’ means an annuity contract pur-chased for a participant and distributed to the participant by a plan or contract described in subparagraph (B) of section 402(c)(8) (without regard to clauses (i) and (ii) thereof).’’. (b) C
ASH OR DEFERRED ARRANGEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 401(k)(2)(B)(i) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subclause (IV), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subclause (V) and inserting ‘‘or’’, and by adding at the end the following new subclause: ‘‘(VI) except as may be otherwise provided by regulations, with respect to amounts invested in a lifetime income investment (as defined in sub-section (a)(38)(B)(ii)), the date that is 90 days prior to the date that such lifetime income in-vestment may no longer be held as an invest-ment option under the arrangement, and’’. (2) D
ISTRIBUTION REQUIREMENT .—Section 401(k)(2)(B) of such Code, as amended by para-graph (1), is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause (i), by striking the semicolon at the end of clause (ii) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) except as may be otherwise provided by regulations, in the case of amounts described in clause (i)(VI), will be distributed only in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27SE7.015 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9121 September 27, 2018 
form of a qualified distribution (as defined in subsection (a)(38)(B)(i)) or a qualified plan dis-tribution annuity contract (as defined in sub-section (a)(38)(B)(iv)),’’. (c) S
ECTION 403(b) P LANS.— (1) A
NNUITY CONTRACTS .—Section 403(b)(11) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subparagraph (B), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (C) and inserting ‘‘, or’’, and by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) except as may be otherwise provided by regulations, with respect to amounts invested in a lifetime income investment (as defined in sec-tion 401(a)(38)(B)(ii))— ‘‘(i) on or after the date that is 90 days prior to the date that such lifetime income investment may no longer be held as an investment option under the contract, and ‘‘(ii) in the form of a qualified distribution (as defined in section 401(a)(38)(B)(i)) or a qualified plan distribution annuity contract (as defined in section 401(a)(38)(B)(iv)).’’. (2) C
USTODIAL ACCOUNTS .—Section 403(b)(7)(A) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘if—’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘if the amounts are to be invested in regulated invest-ment company stock to be held in that custodial account, and under the custodial account— ‘‘(i) no such amounts may be paid or made available to any distributee (unless such amount is a distribution to which section 72(t)(2)(G) ap-plies) before— ‘‘(I) the employee dies, ‘‘(II) the employee attains age 59
1⁄2, ‘‘(III) the employee has a severance from em-ployment, ‘‘(IV) the employee becomes disabled (within the meaning of section 72(m)(7)), ‘‘(V) in the case of contributions made pursu-ant to a salary reduction agreement (within the meaning of section 3121(a)(5)(D)), the employee encounters financial hardship, or ‘‘(VI) except as may be otherwise provided by regulations, with respect to amounts invested in a lifetime income investment (as defined in sec-tion 401(a)(38)(B)(ii)), the date that is 90 days prior to the date that such lifetime income in-vestment may no longer be held as an invest-ment option under the contract, and ‘‘(ii) in the case of amounts described in clause (i)(VI), such amounts will be distributed only in the form of a qualified distribution (as defined in section 401(a)(38)(B)(i)) or a qualified plan distribution annuity contract (as defined in section 401(a)(38)(B)(iv)).’’. (d) E
LIGIBLE DEFERRED COMPENSATION  P
LANS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 457(d)(1)(A) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘or’’ at the end of clause (iii), and by adding after clause (iii) the following: ‘‘(iv) except as may be otherwise provided by regulations, in the case of a plan maintained by an employer described in subsection (e)(1)(A), with respect to amounts invested in a lifetime income investment (as defined in section 401(a)(38)(B)(ii)), the date that is 90 days prior to the date that such lifetime income investment may no longer be held as an investment option under the plan,’’. (2) D
ISTRIBUTION REQUIREMENT .—Section 457(d)(1) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (B), by strik-ing the period at the end of subparagraph (C) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(D) except as may be otherwise provided by regulations, in the case of amounts described in subparagraph (A)(iv), such amounts will be dis-tributed only in the form of a qualified distribu-tion (as defined in section 401(a)(38)(B)(i)) or a qualified plan distribution annuity contract (as defined in section 401(a)(38)(B)(iv)).’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to plan years begin-ning after December 31, 2018. SEC. 107. TREATMENT OF CUSTODIAL ACCOUNTS ON TERMINATION OF SECTION 403(b) PLANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 403(b)(7) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(D) T
REATMENT OF CUSTODIAL ACCOUNT  
UPON PLAN TERMINATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If— ‘‘(I) an employer terminates the plan under which amounts are contributed to a custodial account under subparagraph (A), and ‘‘(II) the person holding the assets of the ac-count has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Secretary under section 408(a)(2) that the person is qualified to be a trustee of an indi-vidual retirement plan, then, as of the date of the termination, the cus-todial account shall be deemed to be an indi-vidual retirement plan for purposes of this title. ‘‘(ii) T
REATMENT AS ROTH IRA .—Any custodial account treated as an individual retirement plan under clause (i) shall be treated as a Roth IRA only if the custodial account was a des-ignated Roth account.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to plan terminations occurring after December 31, 2018. 
SEC. 108. CLARIFICATION OF RETIREMENT IN-COME ACCOUNT RULES RELATING TO CHURCH-CONTROLLED ORGANI-ZATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 403(b)(9)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by in-serting ‘‘(including an employee described in section 414(e)(3)(B))’’ after ‘‘employee described in paragraph (1)’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to plan years begin-ning after December 31, 2008. 
SEC. 109. EXEMPTION FROM REQUIRED MINIMUM DISTRIBUTION RULES FOR INDIVID-UALS WITH CERTAIN ACCOUNT BAL-ANCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 401(a)(9) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(H) E
XCEPTION FROM REQUIRED MINIMUM  
DISTRIBUTIONS DURING LIFE OF EMPLOYEE WHERE  
ASSETS DO NOT EXCEED $50 ,000.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If on the last day of any calendar year the aggregate value of an employ-ee’s entire interest under all applicable eligible retirement plans does not exceed $50,000, then the requirements of subparagraph (A) with re-spect to any distribution relating to such year shall not apply with respect to such employee. ‘‘(ii) A
PPLICABLE ELIGIBLE RETIREMENT  
PLAN.—For purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘applicable eligible retirement plan’ means an eligible retirement plan (as defined in section 402(c)(8)(B)) other than a defined benefit plan. ‘‘(iii) L
IMIT ON REQUIRED MINIMUM DISTRIBU -
TION.—The required minimum distribution deter-mined under subparagraph (A) for an employee under all applicable eligible retirement plans shall not exceed an amount equal to the excess of— ‘‘(I) the aggregate value of an employee’s en-tire interest under such plans on the last day of the calendar year to which such distribution re-lates, over ‘‘(II) the dollar amount in effect under clause (i) for such calendar year. The Secretary in regulations or other guidance may provide how such amount shall be distrib-uted in the case of an individual with more than one applicable eligible retirement plan. ‘‘(iv) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any calendar year beginning after 2019, the $50,000 amount in clause (i) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(I) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(II) the cost of living adjustment determined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year, de-termined by substituting ‘calendar year 2018’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. Any increase determined under this clause shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $5,000. ‘‘(v) PLAN ADMINISTRATOR RELIANCE ON EM -
PLOYEE CERTIFICATION .—An applicable eligible retirement plan described in clause (iii), (iv), (v), or (vi) of section 402(c)(8)(B) shall not be treated as failing to meet the requirements of this para-graph in the case of any failure to make a re-quired minimum distribution for a calendar year if— ‘‘(I) the aggregate value of an employee’s en-tire interest under all applicable eligible retire-ment plans of the employer on the last day of the calendar year to which such distribution re-lates does not exceed the dollar amount in effect for such year under clause (i), and ‘‘(II) the employee certifies that the aggregate value of the employee’s entire interest under all applicable eligible retirement plans on the last day of the calendar year to which such distribu-tion relates did not exceed the dollar amount in effect for such year under clause (i). ‘‘(vi) A
GGREGATION RULE .—All employers treated as a single employer under subsection (b), (c), (m), or (o) of section 414 shall be treated as a single employer for purposes of clause (v).’’. (b) P
LAN ADMINISTRATOR REPORTING .—Sec- tion 6047 of such Code is amended by redesig-nating subsection (h) as subsection (i) and by inserting after subsection (g) the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) A
CCOUNT BALANCE FOR PARTICIPANTS  W
HOHAVEATTAINED AGE69.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than January 31 of each year, the plan administrator (as defined in section 414(g)) of each applicable eligible re-tirement plan (as defined in section 401(a)(9)(H)) shall make a return to the Secretary with re-spect to each participant of such plan who has attained age 69 as of the end of the preceding calendar year which states— ‘‘(A) the name and plan number of the plan, ‘‘(B) the name and address of the plan admin-istrator, ‘‘(C) the name, address, and taxpayer identi-fication number of the participant, and ‘‘(D) the account balance of such participant as of the end of the preceding calendar year. ‘‘(2) S
TATEMENT FURNISHED TO PARTICIPANT .— Every person required to make a return under paragraph (1) with respect to a participant shall furnish a copy of such return to such partici-pant. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION TO INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT  
PLANS AND ANNUITIES .—In the case of an appli-cable eligible retirement plan described in clause (i) or (ii) of section 402(c)(8)(B)— ‘‘(A) any reference in this subsection to the plan administrator shall be treated as a ref-erence to the trustee or issuer, as the case may be, and ‘‘(B) any reference in this subsection to the participant shall be treated as a reference to the individual for whom such account or annuity is maintained.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to distributions re-quired to be made in calendar years beginning more than 120 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 110. CLARIFICATION OF TREATMENT OF CERTAIN RETIREMENT PLAN CON-TRIBUTIONS PICKED UP BY GOVERN-MENTAL EMPLOYERS FOR NEW OR EXISTING EMPLOYEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 414(h)(2) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘For purposes of paragraph (1)’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of paragraph (1)’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF ELECTIONS BETWEEN AL -
TERNATIVE BENEFIT FORMULAS .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), a contribution shall not fail to be treated as picked up by an employing unit merely because the employee may make an irrev-ocable election between the application of two 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27SE7.015 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9122 September 27, 2018 
alternative benefit formulas involving the same or different levels of employee contributions.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to plan years begin-ning after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 111. ELECTIVE DEFERRALS BY MEMBERS OF THE READY RESERVE OF A RESERVE COMPONENT OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 402(g) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(9) E
LECTIVE DEFERRALS BY MEMBERS OF  
READY RESERVE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a qualified ready reservist for any taxable year, the limita-tions of subparagraphs (A) and (C) of para-graph (1) shall be applied separately with re-spect to— ‘‘(i) elective deferrals of such qualified ready reservist with respect to compensation described in subparagraph (B), and ‘‘(ii) all other elective deferrals of such quali-fied ready reservist. ‘‘(B) Q
UALIFIED READY RESERVIST .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the term ‘qualified ready reservist’ means any individual for any taxable year if such individual received com-pensation for service as a member of the Ready Reserve of a reserve component (as defined in section 101 of title 37, United States Code) dur-ing such taxable year.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to plan years begin-ning after December 31, 2018. TITLE II—ADMINISTRATIVE IMPROVEMENTS 
SEC. 201. PLAN ADOPTED BY FILING DUE DATE FOR YEAR MAY BE TREATED AS IN EFFECT AS OF CLOSE OF YEAR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 401(b) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘R
ETROACTIVE CHANGES IN  P
LAN.—A stock bonus’’ and inserting ‘‘P LAN A
MENDMENTS .— ‘‘(1) C
ERTAIN RETROACTIVE CHANGES IN  
PLAN.—A stock bonus’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) A
DOPTION OF PLAN .—If an employer adopts a stock bonus, pension, profit-sharing, or annuity plan after the close of a taxable year but before the time prescribed by law for filing the employer’s return of tax for the taxable year (including extensions thereof), the employer may elect to treat the plan as having been adopted as of the last day of the taxable year.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to plans adopted for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018. 
SEC. 202. MODIFICATION OF NONDISCRIMINA-TION RULES TO PROTECT OLDER, LONGER SERVICE PARTICIPANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 401 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (o) as sub-section (p), and (2) by inserting after subsection (n) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(o) S
PECIAL RULES FOR APPLYING NON-
DISCRIMINATION RULES TO PROTECT OLDER, L
ONGER SERVICE AND GRANDFATHERED PARTICI -
PANTS .— ‘‘(1) T
ESTING OF DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS WITH  
CLOSED CLASSES OF PARTICIPANTS .— ‘‘(A) B
ENEFITS , RIGHTS , OR FEATURES PRO -
VIDED TO CLOSED CLASSES .—A defined benefit plan which provides benefits, rights, or features to a closed class of participants shall not fail to satisfy the requirements of subsection (a)(4) by reason of the composition of such closed class or the benefits, rights, or features provided to such closed class, if— ‘‘(i) for the plan year as of which the class closes and the 2 succeeding plan years, such benefits, rights, and features satisfy the require-ments of subsection (a)(4) (without regard to this subparagraph but taking into account the rules of subparagraph (I)), ‘‘(ii) after the date as of which the class was closed, any plan amendment which modifies the closed class or the benefits, rights, and features provided to such closed class does not discrimi-nate significantly in favor of highly com-pensated employees, and ‘‘(iii) the class was closed before April 5, 2017, or the plan is described in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(B) AGGREGATE TESTING WITH DEFINED CON -
TRIBUTION PLANS PERMITTED ON A BENEFITS  
BASIS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of determining compliance with subsection (a)(4) and section 410(b), a defined benefit plan described in clause (iii) may be aggregated and tested on a benefits basis with 1 or more defined contribution plans, including with the portion of 1 or more defined contribution plans which— ‘‘(I) provides matching contributions (as de-fined in subsection (m)(4)(A)), ‘‘(II) provides annuity contracts described in section 403(b) which are purchased with match-ing contributions or nonelective contributions, or ‘‘(III) consists of an employee stock ownership plan (within the meaning of section 4975(e)(7)) or a tax credit employee stock ownership plan (within the meaning of section 409(a)). ‘‘(ii) S
PECIAL RULES FOR MATCHING CONTRIBU -
TIONS .—For purposes of clause (i), if a defined benefit plan is aggregated with a portion of a defined contribution plan providing matching contributions— ‘‘(I) such defined benefit plan must also be ag-gregated with any portion of such defined con-tribution plan which provides elective deferrals described in subparagraph (A) or (C) of section 402(g)(3), and ‘‘(II) such matching contributions shall be treated in the same manner as nonelective con-tributions, including for purposes of applying the rules of subsection (l). ‘‘(iii) P
LANS DESCRIBED .—A defined benefit plan is described in this clause if— ‘‘(I) the plan provides benefits to a closed class of participants, ‘‘(II) for the plan year as of which the class closes and the 2 succeeding plan years, the plan satisfies the requirements of section 410(b) and subsection (a)(4) (without regard to this sub-paragraph but taking into account the rules of subparagraph (I)), ‘‘(III) after the date as of which the class was closed, any plan amendment which modifies the closed class or the benefits provided to such closed class does not discriminate significantly in favor of highly compensated employees, and ‘‘(IV) the class was closed before April 5, 2017, or the plan is described in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(C) P
LANS DESCRIBED .—A plan is described in this subparagraph if, taking into account any predecessor plan— ‘‘(i) such plan has been in effect for at least 5 years as of the date the class is closed, and ‘‘(ii) during the 5-year period preceding the date the class is closed, there has not been a substantial increase in the coverage or value of the benefits, rights, or features described in sub-paragraph (A) or in the coverage or benefits under the plan described in subparagraph (B)(iii) (whichever is applicable). ‘‘(D) D
ETERMINATION OF SUBSTANTIAL IN -
CREASE FOR BENEFITS , RIGHTS , AND FEATURES .— In applying subparagraph (C)(ii) for purposes of subparagraph (A)(iii), a plan shall be treated as having had a substantial increase in coverage or value of the benefits, rights, or features de-scribed in subparagraph (A) during the applica-ble 5-year period only if, during such period— ‘‘(i) the number of participants covered by such benefits, rights, or features on the date such period ends is more than 50 percent greater than the number of such participants on the first day of the plan year in which such period began, or ‘‘(ii) such benefits, rights, and features have been modified by 1 or more plan amendments in such a way that, as of the date the class is closed, the value of such benefits, rights, and features to the closed class as a whole is sub-stantially greater than the value as of the first day of such 5-year period, solely as a result of such amendments. ‘‘(E) DETERMINATION OF SUBSTANTIAL IN -
CREASE FOR AGGREGATE TESTING ON BENEFITS  
BASIS .—In applying subparagraph (C)(ii) for purposes of subparagraph (B)(iii)(IV), a plan shall be treated as having had a substantial in-crease in coverage or benefits during the appli-cable 5-year period only if, during such period— ‘‘(i) the number of participants benefitting under the plan on the date such period ends is more than 50 percent greater than the number of such participants on the first day of the plan year in which such period began, or ‘‘(ii) the average benefit provided to such par-ticipants on the date such period ends is more than 50 percent greater than the average benefit provided on the first day of the plan year in which such period began. ‘‘(F) C
ERTAIN EMPLOYEES DISREGARDED .—For purposes of subparagraphs (D) and (E), any in-crease in coverage or value or in coverage or benefits, whichever is applicable, which is at-tributable to such coverage and value or cov-erage and benefits provided to employees— ‘‘(i) who became participants as a result of a merger, acquisition, or similar event which oc-curred during the 7-year period preceding the date the class is closed, or ‘‘(ii) who became participants by reason of a merger of the plan with another plan which had been in effect for at least 5 years as of the date of the merger, shall be disregarded, except that clause (ii) shall apply for purposes of subparagraph (D) only if, under the merger, the benefits, rights, or fea-tures under 1 plan are conformed to the bene-fits, rights, or features of the other plan pro-spectively. ‘‘(G) R
ULES RELATING TO AVERAGE BENEFIT .— For purposes of subparagraph (E)— ‘‘(i) the average benefit provided to partici-pants under the plan will be treated as having remained the same between the 2 dates described in subparagraph (E)(ii) if the benefit formula applicable to such participants has not changed between such dates, and ‘‘(ii) if the benefit formula applicable to 1 or more participants under the plan has changed between such 2 dates, then the average benefit under the plan shall be considered to have in-creased by more than 50 percent only if— ‘‘(I) the total amount determined under sec-tion 430(b)(1)(A)(i) for all participants benefit-ting under the plan for the plan year in which the 5-year period described in subparagraph (E) ends, exceeds ‘‘(II) the total amount determined under sec-tion 430(b)(1)(A)(i) for all such participants for such plan year, by using the benefit formula in effect for each such participant for the first plan year in such 5-year period, by more than 50 percent. In the case of a CSEC plan (as defined in sec-tion 414(y)), the normal cost of the plan (as de-termined under section 433(j)(1)(B)) shall be used in lieu of the amount determined under section 430(b)(1)(A)(i). ‘‘(H) T
REATMENT AS SINGLE PLAN .—For pur- poses of subparagraphs (E) and (G), a plan de-scribed in section 413(c) shall be treated as a single plan rather than as separate plans main-tained by each employer in the plan. ‘‘(I) S
PECIAL RULES .—For purposes of sub-paragraphs (A)(i) and (B)(iii)(II), the following rules shall apply: ‘‘(i) In applying section 410(b)(6)(C), the clos-ing of the class of participants shall not be treated as a significant change in coverage under section 410(b)(6)(C)(i)(II). ‘‘(ii) 2 or more plans shall not fail to be eligi-ble to be aggregated and treated as a single plan solely by reason of having different plan years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27SE7.015 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9123 September 27, 2018 
‘‘(iii) Changes in the employee population shall be disregarded to the extent attributable to individuals who become employees or cease to be employees, after the date the class is closed, by reason of a merger, acquisition, divestiture, or similar event. ‘‘(iv) Aggregation and all other testing meth-odologies otherwise applicable under subsection (a)(4) and section 410(b) may be taken into ac-count. The rule of clause (ii) shall also apply for pur-poses of determining whether plans to which subparagraph (B)(i) applies may be aggregated and treated as 1 plan for purposes of deter-mining whether such plans meet the require-ments of subsection (a)(4) and section 410(b). ‘‘(J) S
PUN-OFF PLANS .—For purposes of this paragraph, if a portion of a defined benefit plan described in subparagraph (A) or (B)(iii) is spun off to another employer and the spun-off plan continues to satisfy the requirements of— ‘‘(i) subparagraph (A)(i) or (B)(iii)(II), which-ever is applicable, if the original plan was still within the 3-year period described in such sub-paragraph at the time of the spin off, and ‘‘(ii) subparagraph (A)(ii) or (B)(iii)(III), whichever is applicable, the treatment under subparagraph (A) or (B) of the spun-off plan shall continue with respect to such other employer. ‘‘(2) T
ESTING OF DEFINED CONTRIBUTION  
PLANS .— ‘‘(A) T
ESTING ON A BENEFITS BASIS .—A defined contribution plan shall be permitted to be tested on a benefits basis if— ‘‘(i) such defined contribution plan provides make-whole contributions to a closed class of participants whose accruals under a defined benefit plan have been reduced or eliminated, ‘‘(ii) for the plan year of the defined contribu-tion plan as of which the class eligible to receive such make-whole contributions closes and the 2 succeeding plan years, such closed class of par-ticipants satisfies the requirements of section 410(b)(2)(A)(i) (determined by applying the rules of paragraph (1)(I)), ‘‘(iii) after the date as of which the class was closed, any plan amendment to the defined con-tribution plan which modifies the closed class or the allocations, benefits, rights, and features provided to such closed class does not discrimi-nate significantly in favor of highly com-pensated employees, and ‘‘(iv) the class was closed before April 5, 2017, or the defined benefit plan under clause (i) is described in paragraph (1)(C) (as applied for purposes of paragraph (1)(B)(iii)(IV)). ‘‘(B) A
GGREGATION WITH PLANS INCLUDING  
MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to 1 or more defined contribution plans described in subpara-graph (A), for purposes of determining compli-ance with subsection (a)(4) and section 410(b), the portion of such plans which provides make- whole contributions or other nonelective con-tributions may be aggregated and tested on a benefits basis with the portion of 1 or more other defined contribution plans which— ‘‘(I) provides matching contributions (as de-fined in subsection (m)(4)(A)), ‘‘(II) provides annuity contracts described in section 403(b) which are purchased with match-ing contributions or nonelective contributions, or ‘‘(III) consists of an employee stock ownership plan (within the meaning of section 4975(e)(7)) or a tax credit employee stock ownership plan (within the meaning of section 409(a)). ‘‘(ii) S
PECIAL RULES FOR MATCHING CONTRIBU -
TIONS .—Rules similar to the rules of paragraph (1)(B)(ii) shall apply for purposes of clause (i). ‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULES FOR TESTING DEFINED  
CONTRIBUTION PLAN FEATURES PROVIDING  
MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS TO CERTAIN OLDER , 
LONGER SERVICE PARTICIPANTS .—In the case of a defined contribution plan which provides bene-fits, rights, or features to a closed class of par-ticipants whose accruals under a defined benefit plan have been reduced or eliminated, the plan shall not fail to satisfy the requirements of sub-section (a)(4) solely by reason of the composition of the closed class or the benefits, rights, or fea-tures provided to such closed class if the defined contribution plan and defined benefit plan oth-erwise meet the requirements of subparagraph (A) but for the fact that the make-whole con-tributions under the defined contribution plan are made in whole or in part through matching contributions. ‘‘(D) SPUN-OFF PLANS .—For purposes of this paragraph, if a portion of a defined contribu-tion plan described in subparagraph (A) or (C) is spun off to another employer, the treatment under subparagraph (A) or (C) of the spun-off plan shall continue with respect to the other em-ployer if such plan continues to comply with the requirements of clauses (ii) (if the original plan was still within the 3-year period described in such clause at the time of the spin off) and (iii) of subparagraph (A), as determined for purposes of subparagraph (A) or (C), whichever is appli-cable. ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section— ‘‘(A) M
AKE-WHOLE CONTRIBUTIONS .—Except as otherwise provided in paragraph (2)(C), the term ‘make-whole contributions’ means nonelective allocations for each employee in the class which are reasonably calculated, in a consistent man-ner, to replace some or all of the retirement ben-efits which the employee would have received under the defined benefit plan and any other plan or qualified cash or deferred arrangement under subsection (k)(2) if no change had been made to such defined benefit plan and such other plan or arrangement. For purposes of the preceding sentence, consistency shall not be re-quired with respect to employees who were sub-ject to different benefit formulas under the de-fined benefit plan. ‘‘(B) R
EFERENCES TO CLOSED CLASS OF PAR -
TICIPANTS .—References to a closed class of par-ticipants and similar references to a closed class shall include arrangements under which 1 or more classes of participants are closed, except that 1 or more classes of participants closed on different dates shall not be aggregated for pur-poses of determining the date any such class was closed. ‘‘(C) H
IGHLY COMPENSATED EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘highly compensated employee’ has the meaning given such term in section 414(q).’’. (b) P
ARTICIPATION REQUIREMENTS .—Section 401(a)(26) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(I) P
ROTECTED PARTICIPANTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A plan shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of subparagraph (A) if— ‘‘(I) the plan is amended— ‘‘(aa) to cease all benefit accruals, or ‘‘(bb) to provide future benefit accruals only to a closed class of participants, ‘‘(II) the plan satisfies subparagraph (A) (without regard to this subparagraph) as of the effective date of the amendment, and ‘‘(III) the amendment was adopted before April 5, 2017, or the plan is described in clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) P
LANS DESCRIBED .—A plan is described in this clause if the plan would be described in subsection (o)(1)(C), as applied for purposes of subsection (o)(1)(B)(iii)(IV) and by treating the effective date of the amendment as the date the class was closed for purposes of subsection (o)(1)(C). ‘‘(iii) S
PECIAL RULES .—For purposes of clause (i)(II), in applying section 410(b)(6)(C), the amendments described in clause (i) shall not be treated as a significant change in coverage under section 410(b)(6)(C)(i)(II). ‘‘(iv) S
PUN-OFF PLANS .—For purposes of this subparagraph, if a portion of a plan described in clause (i) is spun off to another employer, the treatment under clause (i) of the spun-off plan shall continue with respect to the other em-ployer.’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, without regard to whether any plan modifications referred to in such amendments are adopted or effective before, on, or after such date of enactment. (2) S
PECIAL RULES .— (A) E
LECTION OF EARLIER APPLICATION .—At the election of the plan sponsor, the amend-ments made by this section shall apply to plan years beginning after December 31, 2013. (B) C
LOSED CLASSES OF PARTICIPANTS .—For purposes of paragraphs (1)(A)(iii), (1)(B)(iii)(IV), and (2)(A)(iv) of section 401(o) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as added by this section), a closed class of participants shall be treated as being closed before April 5, 2017, if the plan sponsor’s intention to create such closed class is reflected in formal written docu-ments and communicated to participants before such date. (C) C
ERTAIN POST -ENACTMENT PLAN AMEND -
MENTS .—A plan shall not be treated as failing to be eligible for the application of section 401(o)(1)(A), 401(o)(1)(B)(iii), or 401(a)(26) of such Code (as added by this section) to such plan solely because in the case of— (i) such section 401(o)(1)(A), the plan was amended before the date of the enactment of this Act to eliminate 1 or more benefits, rights, or features, and is further amended after such date of enactment to provide such previously eliminated benefits, rights, or features to a closed class of participants, or (ii) such section 401(o)(1)(B)(iii) or section 401(a)(26), the plan was amended before the date of the enactment of this Act to cease all benefit accruals, and is further amended after such date of enactment to provide benefit accru-als to a closed class of participants. Any such section shall only apply if the plan otherwise meets the requirements of such section and in applying such section, the date the class of par-ticipants is closed shall be the effective date of the later amendment. 
SEC. 203. FIDUCIARY SAFE HARBOR FOR SELEC-TION OF LIFETIME INCOME PRO-VIDER. 
Section 404 of the Employee Retirement In-come Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1104) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) S
AFEHARBOR FOR ANNUITY SELECTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to the selec-tion of an insurer for a guaranteed retirement income contract, the requirements of subsection (a)(1)(B) will be deemed to be satisfied if a fidu-ciary— ‘‘(A) engages in an objective, thorough, and analytical search for the purpose of identifying insurers from which to purchase such contracts; ‘‘(B) with respect to each insurer identified under subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(i) considers the financial capability of such insurer to satisfy its obligations under the guar-anteed retirement income contract; and ‘‘(ii) considers the cost (including fees and commissions) of the guaranteed retirement in-come contract offered by the insurer in relation to the benefits and product features of the con-tract and administrative services to be provided under such contract; and ‘‘(C) on the basis of such consideration, con-cludes that— ‘‘(i) at the time of the selection, the insurer is financially capable of satisfying its obligations under the guaranteed retirement income con-tract; and ‘‘(ii) the relative cost of the selected guaran-teed retirement income contract as described in subparagraph (B)(ii) is reasonable. ‘‘(2) F
INANCIAL CAPABILITY OF THE INSURER .— A fiduciary will be deemed to satisfy the re-quirements of paragraphs (1)(B)(i) and (1)(C)(i) if— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27SE7.015 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9124 September 27, 2018 
‘‘(A) the fiduciary obtains written representa-tions from the insurer that— ‘‘(i) the insurer is licensed to offer guaranteed retirement income contracts; ‘‘(ii) the insurer, at the time of selection and for each of the immediately preceding 7 plan years— ‘‘(I) operates under a certificate of authority from the insurance commissioner of its domi-ciliary State which has not been revoked or sus-pended; ‘‘(II) has filed audited financial statements in accordance with the laws of its domiciliary State under applicable statutory accounting principles; ‘‘(III) maintains (and has maintained) re-serves which satisfies all the statutory require-ments of all States where the insurer does busi-ness; and ‘‘(IV) is not operating under an order of su-pervision, rehabilitation, or liquidation; ‘‘(iii) the insurer undergoes, at least every 5 years, a financial examination (within the meaning of the law of its domiciliary State) by the insurance commissioner of the domiciliary State (or representative, designee, or other party approved by such commissioner); and ‘‘(iv) the insurer will notify the fiduciary of any change in circumstances occurring after the provision of the representations in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) which would preclude the insurer from making such representations at the time of issuance of the guaranteed retirement income contract; and ‘‘(B) after receiving such representations and as of the time of selection, the fiduciary has not received any notice described in subparagraph (A)(iv) and is in possession of no other informa-tion which would cause the fiduciary to ques-tion the representations provided. ‘‘(3) N
O REQUIREMENT TO SELECT LOWEST  
COST.—Nothing in this subsection shall be con-strued to require a fiduciary to select the lowest cost contract. A fiduciary may consider the value of a contract, including features and ben-efits of the contract and attributes of the insurer (including, without limitation, the insurer’s fi-nancial strength) in conjunction with the cost of the contract. ‘‘(4) T
IME OF SELECTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section, the time of selection is— ‘‘(i) the time that the insurer and the contract are selected for distribution of benefits to a spe-cific participant or beneficiary; or ‘‘(ii) if the fiduciary periodically reviews the continuing appropriateness of the conclusion described in paragraph (1)(C) with respect to a selected insurer, taking into account the consid-erations described in such paragraph, the time that the insurer and the contract are selected to provide benefits at future dates to participants or beneficiaries under the plan. Nothing in the preceding sentence shall be con-strued to require the fiduciary to review the ap-propriateness of a selection after the purchase of a contract for a participant or beneficiary. ‘‘(B) P
ERIODIC REVIEW .—A fiduciary will be deemed to have conducted the periodic review described in subparagraph (A)(ii) if the fidu-ciary obtains the written representations de-scribed in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of paragraph (2)(A) from the insurer on an annual basis, un-less the fiduciary receives any notice described in paragraph (2)(A)(iv) or otherwise becomes aware of facts that would cause the fiduciary to question such representations. ‘‘(5) L
IMITED LIABILITY .—A fiduciary which satisfies the requirements of this subsection shall not be liable following the distribution of any benefit, or the investment by or on behalf of a participant or beneficiary pursuant to the se-lected guaranteed retirement income contract, for any losses that may result to the participant or beneficiary due to an insurer’s inability to satisfy its financial obligations under the terms of such contract. ‘‘(6) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section— ‘‘(A) I
NSURER .—The term ‘insurer’ means an insurance company, insurance service, or insur-ance organization, including affiliates of such companies. ‘‘(B) G
UARANTEED RETIREMENT INCOME CON -
TRACT .—The term ‘guaranteed retirement in-come contract’ means an annuity contract for a fixed term or a contract (or provision or feature thereof) which provides guaranteed benefits an-nually (or more frequently) for at least the re-mainder of the life of the participant or the joint lives of the participant and the participant’s designated beneficiary as part of an individual account plan.’’. TITLE III—OTHER SAVINGS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 301. UNIVERSAL SAVINGS ACCOUNTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter F of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new part: ‘‘PART IX—UNIVERSAL SAVINGS ACCOUNTS ‘‘Sec. 530U. Universal Savings Accounts. 
‘‘SEC. 530U. UNIVERSAL SAVINGS ACCOUNTS. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL RULE.—A Universal Savings Account shall be exempt from taxation under this subtitle. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, such account shall be subject to the taxes imposed by section 511 (relating to imposi-tion of tax on unrelated business income of charitable organizations). ‘‘(b) U
NIVERSAL SAVINGS ACCOUNT .—For pur- poses of this section, the term ‘Universal Sav-ings Account’ means a trust created or orga-nized in the United States by an individual for the exclusive benefit of such individual and which is designated (in such manner as the Sec-retary may prescribe) at the time of the estab-lishment of the trust as a Universal Savings Ac-count, but only if the written governing instru-ment creating the trust meets the following re-quirements: ‘‘(1) Except in the case of a qualified rollover contribution described in subsection (d)— ‘‘(A) no contribution will be accepted unless it is in cash, and ‘‘(B) contributions will not be accepted for the taxable year in excess of the contribution limit specified in subsection (c)(2). ‘‘(2) No distribution will be made unless it is— ‘‘(A) cash, or ‘‘(B) property that— ‘‘(i) has a readily ascertainable fair market value, and ‘‘(ii) is identified by the Secretary in regula-tions or other guidance as property to which this subparagraph applies. ‘‘(3) The trustee is a bank (as defined in sec-tion 408(n)) or another person who demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Secretary that the manner in which that person will administer the trust will be consistent with the requirements of this section. ‘‘(4) No part of the trust assets will be invested in life insurance contracts or collectibles (as de-fined in section 408(m)). ‘‘(5) The interest of an individual in the bal-ance of his account is nonforfeitable. ‘‘(6) The assets of the trust shall not be com-mingled with other property except in a common trust fund or common investment fund. ‘‘(c) T
REATMENT OF DISTRIBUTIONS AND CON-
TRIBUTIONS .— ‘‘(1) D
ISTRIBUTIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), any distribution from a Uni-versal Savings Account shall not be includible in gross income. ‘‘(B) N
ET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO EXCESS  
CONTRIBUTIONS .—Any distribution of net income described in section 4973(i)(2) shall be includible in the gross income of the account holder in the taxable year in which the contribution to which such net income relates was made. ‘‘(2) C
ONTRIBUTION LIMIT .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The aggregate amount of contributions (other than qualified rollover con-tributions described in subsection (d)) for any taxable year to all Universal Savings Accounts maintained for the benefit of an individual shall not exceed the lesser of— ‘‘(i) $2,500, or ‘‘(ii) an amount equal to the compensation (within the meaning of section 219) includible in such individual’s gross income for such taxable year. ‘‘(B) N
O CONTRIBUTIONS FOR DEPENDENTS .—In the case of an individual who is a dependent of another taxpayer for a taxable year beginning in the calendar year in which such individual’s taxable year begins, the dollar amount under subparagraph (A) for such individual’s taxable year shall be zero. ‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULE IN CASE OF JOINT RE -
TURN .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an individual to whom this clause applies, the amount deter-mined under subparagraph (A)(ii) with respect to such individual for the taxable year shall not be less than an amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(I) the compensation of such individual in-cludible in gross income for the taxable year, plus ‘‘(II) the compensation of such individual’s spouse includible in gross income for the taxable year reduced (but not below zero) by the amount contributed for the taxable year to all Universal Savings Accounts maintained for the benefit of such spouse. ‘‘(ii) I
NDIVIDUAL TO WHOM CLAUSE (i) AP-
PLIES .—Clause (i) shall apply to any indi-vidual— ‘‘(I) who files a joint return for the taxable year, and ‘‘(II) whose compensation includible in gross income for the taxable year is less than the com-pensation of such individual’s spouse includible in gross income for the taxable year. ‘‘(D) C
OST-OF-LIVING ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any taxable year beginning in a cal-endar year after 2019, the $2,500 amount under subparagraph (A)(i) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year, de-termined by substituting ‘calendar year 2018’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. If any amount after adjustment under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $100, such amount shall be rounded to the next lower mul-tiple of $100. ‘‘(d) Q
UALIFIED ROLLOVER CONTRIBUTION .— For purposes of this section, the term ‘qualified rollover contribution’ means a contribution to a Universal Savings Account from another such account of the same individual, but only if such amount is contributed not later than the 60th day after the distribution from such other ac-count. ‘‘(e) T
REATMENT OF ACCOUNT UPONDEATH.— Upon death of any account holder of a Uni-versal Savings Account— ‘‘(1) S
POUSE .—In the case of the account hold-er’s surviving spouse acquiring such account holder’s interest in such account by reason of the death of the account holder, such account shall be treated as if the spouse were the ac-count holder. ‘‘(2) O
THER CASES .—In any other case— ‘‘(A) all amounts in such account shall be treated as distributed on the date of such indi-vidual’s death, and ‘‘(B) such account shall cease to be treated as a Universal Savings Account. ‘‘(f) O
THER SPECIAL RULES.— ‘‘(1) C
OMMUNITY PROPERTY LAWS .—This sec- tion shall be applied without regard to any com-munity property laws. ‘‘(2) L
OSS OF TAXATION EXEMPTION OF AC -
COUNT WHERE INDIVIDUAL ENGAGES IN PROHIB -
ITED TRANSACTION ; EFFECT OF PLEDGING AC -
COUNT AS SECURITY .—Rules similar to the rules 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27SE7.015 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9125 September 27, 2018 
of paragraphs (2) and (4) of section 408(e) shall apply to any Universal Savings Account. ‘‘(g) R
EPORTS .—The trustee of a Universal Savings Account shall make such reports re-garding such account to the Secretary and to the account holder with respect to contribu-tions, distributions, and such other matters as the Secretary may require. Such reports shall be— ‘‘(1) filed at such time and in such manner as the Secretary provides, and ‘‘(2) furnished to account holders— ‘‘(A) not later than January 31 of the cal-endar year following the calendar year to which such reports relate, and ‘‘(B) in such manner as the Secretary pro-vides.’’. (b) T
AX ON EXCESS CONTRIBUTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 4973(a) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of para-graph (5), by inserting ‘‘or’’ at the end of para-graph (6), and by inserting after paragraph (6) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) a Universal Savings Account (as defined in section 530U),’’. (2) E
XCESS CONTRIBUTION .—Section 4973 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(i) E
XCESS CONTRIBUTIONS TO UNIVERSAL  S
AVINGS ACCOUNTS .—For purposes of this sec-tion— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of Universal Savings Accounts (within the meaning of sec-tion 530U), the term ‘excess contributions’ means the sum of— ‘‘(A) the amount (if any) by which the amount contributed for the taxable year to such accounts (other than qualified rollover contribu-tions (as defined in section 530U(d))) exceeds the contribution limit under section 530U(c)(2) for such taxable year, and ‘‘(B) the amount determined under this sub-section for the preceding taxable year, reduced by the sum of— ‘‘(i) the distributions out of the account for the taxable year, and ‘‘(ii) the amount (if any) by which the max-imum amount allowable as a contribution under section 530U(c)(2) for the taxable year exceeds the amount contributed to the accounts for the taxable year. ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE .—A contribution shall not be taken into account under paragraph (1) if such contribution (together with the amount of net income attributable to such contribution) is distributed to the account holder on or before the due date of the account holder’s return of tax for such taxable year.’’. (c) T
AX ON PROHIBITED TRANSACTIONS .—Sec- tion 4975(e)(1) of such Code is amended by strik-ing ‘‘or’’ at the end of subparagraph (F), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (G) and inserting ‘‘, or’’, and by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(H) a Universal Savings Account (as defined in section 530U).’’. (d) F
AILURE TO PROVIDE REPORTS ON UNI-
VERSAL SAVINGS ACCOUNTS .—Section 6693(a)(2) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-riod at the end of subparagraph (F) and insert-ing ‘‘, and’’, and by inserting after subpara-graph (F) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(G) section 530U(g) (relating to Universal Savings Accounts).’’. (e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of parts for subchapter F of chapter 1 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘P
ARTIX. U NIVERSAL SAVINGS ACCOUNTS ’’. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2018. 
SEC. 302. EXPANSION OF SECTION 529 PLANS. 
(a) D ISTRIBUTIONS FOR CERTAIN EXPENSES AS-
SOCIATED WITH REGISTERED APPRENTICESHIP  P
ROGRAMS .—Section 529(c) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) TREATMENT OF CERTAIN EXPENSES ASSOCI -
ATED WITH REGISTERED APPRENTICESHIP PRO -
GRAMS .—Any reference in this subsection to the term ‘qualified higher education expense’ shall include a reference to expenses for fees, books, supplies, and equipment required for the partici-pation of a designated beneficiary in an appren-ticeship program registered and certified with the Secretary of Labor under section 1 of the National Apprenticeship Act (29 U.S.C. 50).’’. (b) D
ISTRIBUTIONS FOR CERTAIN  H
OMESCHOOLING EXPENSES .—Section 529(c)(7) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘include a reference to’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘include a reference to— ‘‘(A) expenses for tuition in connection with enrollment or attendance of a designated bene-ficiary at an elementary or secondary public, private, or religious school, and ‘‘(B) expenses, with respect to a designated beneficiary, for— ‘‘(i) curriculum and curricular materials, ‘‘(ii) books or other instructional materials, ‘‘(iii) online educational materials, ‘‘(iv) tuition for tutoring or educational class-es outside of the home (but only if the tutor or class instructor is not related (within the mean-ing of section 152(d)(2)) to the student), ‘‘(v) dual enrollment in an institution of high-er education, and ‘‘(vi) educational therapies for students with disabilities, in connection with a homeschool (whether treat-ed as a homeschool or a private school for pur-poses of applicable State law).’’. (c) D
ISTRIBUTIONS FOR QUALIFIED EDUCATION  L
OANREPAYMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 529(c) of such Code, as amended by subsection (a), is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(9) T
REATMENT OF QUALIFIED EDUCATION  
LOAN REPAYMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any reference in this sub-section to the term ‘qualified higher education expense’ shall include a reference to amounts paid as principal or interest on any qualified education loan (as defined in section 221(d)) of the designated beneficiary or a sibling of the designated beneficiary. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—The amount of distribu-tions treated as a qualified higher education ex-pense under this paragraph with respect to the loans of any individual shall not exceed $10,000 (reduced by the amount of distributions so treat-ed for all prior taxable years). ‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULES FOR SIBLINGS OF THE DES -
IGNATED BENEFICIARY .— ‘‘(i) S
EPARATE ACCOUNTING .—For purposes of subparagraph (B) and subsection (d), amounts treated as a qualified higher education expense with respect to the loans of a sibling of the des-ignated beneficiary shall be taken into account with respect to such sibling and not with respect to such designated beneficiary. ‘‘(ii) S
IBLING DEFINED .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘sibling’ means an indi-vidual who bears a relationship to the des-ignated beneficiary which is described in section 152(d)(2)(B).’’. (2) C
OORDINATION WITH DEDUCTION FOR STU -
DENT LOAN INTEREST .—Section 221(e)(1) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘The deduction otherwise allowable under subsection (a) (prior to the application of subsection (b)) to the taxpayer for any taxable year shall be reduced (but not below zero) by so much of the distributions treated as a qualified higher education expense under section 529(c)(9) with respect to loans of the taxpayer as would be includible in gross income under section 529(c)(3)(A) for such taxable year but for such treatment.’’. (d) D
ISTRIBUTIONS FOR CERTAIN ELEMENTARY  
ANDSECONDARY SCHOOL EXPENSES IN ADDITION  
TOTUITION .—Section 529(c)(7)(A), as amended by subsection (b), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) expenses described in section 530(b)(3)(A)(i) in connection with enrollment or attendance of a designated beneficiary at an el-ementary or secondary public, private, or reli-gious school, and’’. (e) UNBORN CHILDREN ALLOWED AS ACCOUNT  B
ENEFICIARIES .—Section 529(e) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) T
REATMENT OF UNBORN CHILDREN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing shall prevent an unborn child from being treated as a designated beneficiary or an individual under this section. ‘‘(B) U
NBORN CHILD .—For purposes of this paragraph— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘unborn child’ means a child in utero. ‘‘(ii) C
HILD IN UTERO .—The term ‘child in utero’ means a member of the species homo sapi-ens, at any stage of development, who is carried in the womb.’’. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply to distributions made after December 31, 2018. (2) U
NBORN CHILDREN ALLOWED AS ACCOUNT  
BENEFICIARIES .—The amendment made by sub-section (e) shall apply to contributions made after December 31, 2018. 
SEC. 303. PENALTY-FREE WITHDRAWALS FROM RETIREMENT PLANS FOR INDIVID-UALS IN CASE OF BIRTH OF CHILD OR ADOPTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 72(t)(2) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(H) D
ISTRIBUTIONS FROM RETIREMENT PLANS  
IN CASE OF BIRTH OF CHILD OR ADOPTION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Any qualified birth or adoption distribution. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION .—The aggregate amount which may be treated as qualified birth or adop-tion distributions by any individual with respect to any birth or adoption shall not exceed $7,500. ‘‘(iii) Q
UALIFIED BIRTH OR ADOPTION DIS -
TRIBUTION .—For purposes of this subpara-graph— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified birth or adoption distribution’ means any distribution from an applicable eligible retirement plan to an individual if made during the 1-year period be-ginning on the date on which a child of the in-dividual is born or on which the legal adoption by the individual of an eligible child is finalized. ‘‘(II) E
LIGIBLE CHILD .—The term ‘eligible child’ means any individual (other than a child of the taxpayer’s spouse) who has not attained age 18 or is physically or mentally incapable of self-support. ‘‘(iv) T
REATMENT OF PLAN DISTRIBUTIONS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—If a distribution to an indi-vidual would (without regard to clause (ii)) be a qualified birth or adoption distribution, a plan shall not be treated as failing to meet any re-quirement of this title merely because the plan treats the distribution as a qualified birth or adoption distribution, unless the aggregate amount of such distributions from all plans maintained by the employer (and any member of any controlled group which includes the em-ployer) to such individual exceeds $7,500. ‘‘(II) C
ONTROLLED GROUP .—For purposes of subclause (I), the term ‘controlled group’ means any group treated as a single employer under subsection (b), (c), (m), or (o) of section 414. ‘‘(v) A
MOUNT DISTRIBUTED MAY BE REPAID .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Any individual who re-ceives a qualified birth or adoption distribution may make one or more contributions in an ag-gregate amount not to exceed the amount of such distribution to an applicable eligible retire-ment plan of which such individual is a bene-ficiary and to which a rollover contribution of such distribution could be made under section 402(c), 403(a)(4), 403(b)(8), 408(d)(3), or 457(e)(16), as the case may be. ‘‘(II) L
IMITATION ON CONTRIBUTIONS TO APPLI -
CABLE ELIGIBLE RETIREMENT PLANS OTHER THAN  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27SE7.015 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9126 September 27, 2018 
IRAS.—The aggregate amount of contributions made by an individual under subclause (I) to any applicable eligible retirement plan which is not an individual retirement plan shall not ex-ceed the aggregate amount of qualified birth or adoption distributions which are made from such plan to such individual. Subclause (I) shall not apply to contributions to any applicable eli-gible retirement plan which is not an individual retirement plan unless the individual is eligible to make contributions (other than those de-scribed in subclause (I)) to such applicable eligi-ble retirement plan. ‘‘(III) T
REATMENT OF REPAYMENTS OF DIS -
TRIBUTIONS FROM APPLICABLE ELIGIBLE RETIRE -
MENT PLANS OTHER THAN IRAS.—If a contribu-tion is made under subclause (I) with respect to a qualified birth or adoption distribution from an applicable eligible retirement plan other than an individual retirement plan, then the tax-payer shall, to the extent of the amount of the contribution, be treated as having received such distribution in an eligible rollover distribution (as defined in section 402(c)(4)) and as having transferred the amount to the applicable eligible retirement plan in a direct trustee to trustee transfer within 60 days of the distribution. ‘‘(IV) T
REATMENT OF REPAYMENTS FOR DIS -
TRIBUTIONS FROM IRAS .—If a contribution is made under subclause (I) with respect to a qualified birth or adoption distribution from an individual retirement plan, then, to the extent of the amount of the contribution, such distribu-tion shall be treated as a distribution described in section 408(d)(3) and as having been trans-ferred to the applicable eligible retirement plan in a direct trustee to trustee transfer within 60 days of the distribution. ‘‘(vi) D
EFINITION AND SPECIAL RULES .—For purposes of this subparagraph— ‘‘(I) A
PPLICABLE ELIGIBLE RETIREMENT  
PLAN.—The term ‘applicable eligible retirement plan’ means an eligible retirement plan (as de-fined in section 402(c)(8)(B)) other than a de-fined benefit plan. ‘‘(II) E
XEMPTION OF DISTRIBUTIONS FROM  
TRUSTEE TO TRUSTEE TRANSFER AND WITH -
HOLDING RULES .—For purposes of sections 401(a)(31), 402(f), and 3405, a qualified birth or adoption distribution shall not be treated as an eligible rollover distribution. ‘‘(III) T
AXPAYER MUST INCLUDE TIN .—A dis- tribution shall not be treated as a qualified birth or adoption distribution with respect to any child or eligible child unless the taxpayer in-cludes the name, age, and TIN of such child or eligible child on the taxpayer’s return of tax for the taxable year. ‘‘(IV) D
ISTRIBUTIONS TREATED AS MEETING  
PLAN DISTRIBUTION REQUIREMENTS .—Any quali-fied birth or adoption distribution shall be treat-ed as meeting the requirements of sections 401(k)(2)(B)(i), 403(b)(7)(A)(ii), 403(b)(11), and 457(d)(1)(A).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to distributions made after December 31, 2018. TITLE IV—BUDGETARY EFFECTS 
SEC. 401. BUDGETARY EFFECTS. 
(a) S TATUTORY PAYGO S CORECARDS .—The budgetary effects of this Act shall not be entered on either PAYGO scorecard maintained pursu-ant to section 4(d) of the Statutory Pay-As-You- Go Act of 2010. (b) S
ENATE PAYGO S CORECARDS .—The budg-etary effects of this Act shall not be entered on any PAYGO scorecard maintained for purposes of section 4106 of H. Con. Res. 71 (115th Con-gress). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, as amended, shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Ways and Means. The gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 6757, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume and thank leadership for bringing this bill to the floor. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in support of H.R. 6757, the Family Savings Act, which will make it easier for American families and individuals to save for their future, whether it is retirement, education, or healthcare, helping them to make sure that they are keeping more of their hard-earned income, more of their own money, and planning for their future. This bill will also help local busi-nesses provide retirement plans to their workers and help workers partici-pate more in all those plans. Now, according to the Department of Labor and the Federal Reserve, about 69 million American workers have for-mal retirement plans, which, together, have almost $14 trillion in savings for them. This bill will incentivize hard-working American taxpayers to con-tinue to put away more of their own money for their future. One of the things I remember so clearly from growing up is my parents talking to us all the time and saying: The one thing we never want to be for you kids is a burden. We never want to be a hardship for you as we go into our senior years. I thought to myself at that time: How could anybody look across the table at people who had worked so hard, had come through the Great De-pression, had come through World War II, had come through the Korean war, had gone through all kinds of difficul-ties and had always provided for us and think that? How in the world could they ever think that they would be a burden to me or to my brothers and sisters? It was unimaginable for me, but that is what they thought. That is what they worried about. They never wanted to be a burden to anybody. Just think about that for a minute. That generation, often described as the Greatest Generation, was telling us, the next generation, that they never wanted to be a burden. What we are talking about today is relieving the burden on the next gen-eration by making it easier for people to go into their retirement feeling that they have enough income to actually enjoy their golden years. H.R. 6757 would allow for every American worker, at all income levels, to save money in universal savings ac-counts, in which those earnings would be tax-free and could be taken out at any time without a penalty. How unique to be able to take your own money out and use it without being pe-nalized by the Federal Government. It would also allow Americans to use their 529 plans to pay for costs associ-ated with home schooling, apprentice-ships, just like they now can for pri-mary and secondary schools thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. And if one sibling has more money in a 529 account than he or she needs, an-other sibling can use some of that money to help pay down their student loans. This bill would allow younger tax-payers to take out some of their own money in their retirement account without penalty when they have a new baby or have an opportunity to adopt a child. This way, younger Americans will feel secure in starting to save for their retirement, knowing that the money could still be there for them at one of the most expensive times in their lives. H.R. 6757 would also make it easier for small employers to pull together and offer retirement plans to their team, to the folks they work with, their associates. This would help bridge that divide between what benefits large employers might be able to offer to their employees but smaller employers may only wish to be able to do but really can’t. The bill also allows for older Ameri-cans to continue saving in their IRAs if they choose to continue working in their later years, and it allows them to keep their own money in their IRAs if those accounts are relatively modest. For those workers who want their savings accounts to be in conservative investments, such as annuities, this bill reduces the cost of doing that. Finally, this bill would also help our brave men and women in the Reserves put away more of their retirement by letting them contribute the maximum amount to their military retirement accounts while also contributing to a retirement account from the private sector. Mr. Speaker, let me tell you why we are really here today. We are really here today because of the over-whelming success of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. It has worked. It is incred-ible, the growth in our economy. The number one priority from the be-ginning of everything we did was about pro-growth legislation that actually made it easier on hardworking Amer-ican families. You know what, despite what you may hear and the rattle from the other side, it worked, and it is working every day. We can see it in every measurable event of what is hap-pening in America. Thanks to tax reform, middle-income families in western Pennsylvania and across America are seeing bigger pay-checks, more take-home money. How 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27SE7.015 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9127 September 27, 2018 
odd that we allow them to keep more of their own money. That is just who we are as Americans. Democrats have chosen to distort this success. Republicans are choosing to secure the success by making the tax cuts for middle-income families permanent. We keep hearing: Yeah, yeah, but you are not really taking care of them. The idea that we use identity politics every day in every way in this House is absolutely deplorable. Tax reform 2.0 is all about that. The truth of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is its success. The saddest part of it all is not one of our Democratic colleagues voted for it. For that, they will continue to distort the future and use identity politics. Mr. Speaker, I think we have other people who want to talk on this, but for now, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 5 minutes. Mr. Speaker, America does, in fact, face a retirement crisis. Nearly half of Americans approaching retirement years have absolutely no retirement savings. There is not much gold in their golden years. Four out of 10 Americans in a recent survey indicated that they are living paycheck to paycheck. They are barely making ends meet. They had little or nothing available in reserve. When they were asked if they could meet a sudden, unexpected $400 medical emergency, 4 out of 10 Americans said they could not even do that. b1445 Those are the individuals who cer-tainly do not have the resources to save enough to set up a standard of liv-ing in retirement comparable to what they had before retiring. So, as usual, our Republican col-leagues are masters at naming bills. It is just what they put in the bills that is a problem. Now, this bill is a good example. This is the Family Savings Act, but whose family gets the savings? Well, if you are out there listening, probably not your family. For families that have lit-tle or nothing in savings, this bill does nothing. Much like the bloated Republican tax scam and its sorry sequel that AARP condemned this very day, this Repub-lican bill is all about helping those at the top and doing little or nothing for those who are struggling to have a golden year in retirement. There are, in fact, some modest measures that they have got tucked in this bill that I support and that AARP supports. And I agree with AARP that we should encourage more small em-ployers to offer retirement plans. I am all for the little good parts in the bill. It is just the giant omissions that I op-pose. The first of those omissions is the al-most half of Americans that they for-got about, that they left out of this bill. As usual, the second big problem is they haven’t got the slightest care about how this bill is paid for. They are going to go out and borrow more money from the Saudis and the Chinese and anybody else we can beg for to pay for the debt in order to pay for this. They don’t pay for a penny of it. That is consistent with their approach, the proud success of this past year, adding trillions of dollars to the public debt because they don’t care about it any-more. All their budget deficit hawks, they flew south for the winter, and they stayed there. The people who can’t save at the mo-ment for retirement, they are the folks who rely on one of the most important programs and set of programs that this Congress ever approved, and that is, of course, Social Security and Medicare— over Republican objection. Now everybody seems to be for those programs, but they are jeopardized when you add trillions of additional dollars to our debt, and that is what this bill contributes to. It adds $21 bil-lion in debt. Nearly half of its cost is for what they call ‘‘universal savings accounts.’’ They should be better known as universal tax shelters. And they will do little to increase retire-ment savings. Rather, they will be uni-versally exploited by people who are al-ready saving to get a little bit more tax benefit. Over the next five years, existing tax incentives—before this bill is ever ap-proved, those that are already in the law—for retirement savings will cost us over $1 trillion. One study found that two-thirds of the benefits of this $1 trillion of tax expenditures goes to the top 20 percent of Americans. I don’t begrudge any of them. One of them is me. One of them is every Mem-ber of this Congress. I think we need to encourage Members of Congress and all Americans to save more. I expect that those of us who are using these tax-advantaged accounts now don’t need a great deal of addi-tional incentive to use them to the maximum. What we do need is to help those Americans who couldn’t afford that $400 emergency or who have noth-ing in retirement savings except their Social Security check. It is not that they don’t want to save. It is that, if you can’t pay $400 for a doctor bill you didn’t expect, you are not going to have very much saved when it comes time to retire. Now, surely this Congress can do more for these families. I must say, I don’t really mean this Congress. I mean the one that is coming in Janu-ary that cares about the retirement crisis we have now, not the one that has shown indifference to half of Amer-icans. What we get today, instead, is just another tax incentive for shifting re-tirement savings around. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself an additional 2 minutes. Mr. Speaker, to take full advantage of this bill, you need to have about $100,000 in income. If you even look at this bill, as the Joint Committee on Taxation has done, you will see that two out of three Americans are not ex-pected to use it at all because it doesn’t help them. And what about the one-third who will use it? They are the people, like me, like the other Members of Con-gress, who earn, on average, twice the median income in this country. So it does help those of us who have been successful, those at the very top who are the wealthiest. It doesn’t help the rest of America. For those with the resources, the Joint Committee on Taxation looked at the huge price tag on this bill, and they said that what we are basically looking at, and I quote it, is it ‘‘derives from taxpayers shifting savings that are allocated to other types of taxable accounts into a universal savings ac-count’’, so just moving the money around. And we now have a study that really shows what a great job these guys have done with reference to this concept. It is a study that shows, for every dollar of additional debt you get—a little bit of a similar program that was studied— you get 1 penny of additional savings. That is the bargain they are offering us today, really. Spend a dollar, borrow a dollar from the Chinese, and you will generate 1 cent of additional savings. So under this so-called universal tax shelter, the earning returns from their investment portfolio allow them to avoid some capital gains tax, cost the Treasury, but the Republican universe just doesn’t include many ordinary Americans. It is those who don’t have retirement savings in tax-advantaged accounts, who rely on Medicare and Social Secu-rity, we need to protect that basic framework for retirement for, and you don’t protect it by borrowing ourselves into further debt. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I remind my friends on the other side that a rising tide lifts all boats. There happens to be 6.9 million jobs now looking for somebody to fill them. And when we talk about going into retirement, could we please stop trying to divide, divide, divide America? Could we please start being the United States of America instead of the di-vided States of America? Every single American benefits from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. That is the fact. I am sorry you didn’t sign on for it. We are going to give you a second chance today to show your true colors, which needs to red, white, and blue, not just blue. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. R
ENACCI ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.045 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9128 September 27, 2018 
Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my good friend Representa-tive M
IKEKELLY ’s H.R. 6757, the Fam-ily Savings Act. Mr. K
ELLY and I have been cham-pions of helping more Americans gain access to retirement savings since coming to Congress in 2011, and I am proud of the bill before us today. In-cluded in this legislation is the bipar-tisan Retirement Security for Amer-ican Workers Act that I introduced along with my friends Representatives B
UCHANAN , NEAL, and K INDfor the past two Congresses. Unfortunately, there are still too many Americans who do not have ac-cess to a retirement savings plan through their employer. In fact, nearly a third of the private-sector workforce lacks access to an employer-sponsored plan, with even less Americans having access if they work for a small busi-ness. Not having access to an employer- sponsored plan significantly increases the chances that an individual fails to put aside money for retirement. For many Americans, this means that they are vastly unprepared to retire com-fortably. From an employer’s perspective, not being able to offer a retirement plan makes it much more difficult to re-cruit and retain employees. I heard from CBIZ, a financial serv-ices and business consulting company headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio, that too often small businesses want to pro-vide retirement plans to their employ-ees but that the cost and administra-tive burden are significant roadblocks when making this decision. That is why it is important that Congress act to remove some of the red tape under current law that makes it difficult for business owners to provide retirement savings. The Retirement Security for Amer-ican Workers Act that is included in this bill before us today will help do just that. This provision will allow two or more companies that may be in the same industry to join together in order to offer either a defined contribution retirement plan or an IRA, often re-ferred to as open multiple employer plans. Under current law and Department of Labor interpretation, employers who do not have a nexus are not able to ban together and provide a pooled retire-ment plan. By eliminating this Depart-ment of Labor requirement, this bill will allow more companies to provide retirement plans by allowing busi-nesses—especially small businesses—to take advantage of cost and administra-tive efficiencies that often prevent businesses from offering a 401(k). Additionally, the open MEP’s lan-guage in the bill will provide relief from the one bad apple rule that pun-ishes all employees in a pooled retire-ment plan if just one employer fails to meet requirements. This legislation will incentivize more businesses to join together and provide retirement plans to their employees. These commonsense proposals, along with the other provisions within the Family Savings Act, will unlock the opportunity for more persons to save for their future. I thank my friend, Mr. KELLY , for his leadership in bringing this legislation to the floor today. I encourage my col-leagues to support this legislation. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds. Mr. Speaker, before yielding to Mr. D
AVIS, let me say this is not about lift-ing all boats; It is about lifting all yachts. And the 40, 50 percent of Amer-icans who have only a leaky rowboat going into retirement don’t get a dime out of this bill. As to the tax bill as a whole, Repub-licans came out and bragged, the Presi-dent put it in writing: You will get $4,000 in additional income trickling down to you every year from this cor-porate tax cut. Now we know that only 4.4 percent of Americans have gotten a dime of additional compensation as a result of this tax bill. If you have got anyone in Ohio, in Pennsylvania, or in Texas who got their $4,000, I hope you will call us, because I am looking for the first person. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D
AVIS), a distinguished member of our committee. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague. Mr. Speaker, only 39 percent of Americans have enough savings to cover an emergency costing $1,000. The median savings of workers earning the median income of $54,000 in my con-gressional district is only around $2,000. The median savings of women is $2,000. The median savings of African Americans is $1,000, and of Latinos, it is $1,500. Yet this bill bestows tremen-dous tax benefits on the wealthy who can stockpile tens of thousands of dol-lars in multiple savings accounts, leav-ing the working class out in the cold. When hard work in one or two jobs isn’t enough for most Americans to es-cape poverty because wages have stag-nated for decades and because recovery from the Great Recession is con-centrated in the small percentage of Americans who invest in the stock market, when we know that low- and moderate-income families have a hard-er time saving for college because they have less extra cash available to put away in a savings account, the Repub-lican solution embraces the privileged and fails the working families. What is absent from this bill is tell-ing. The 529 plan does not cover childcare for apprentices, one of the number one costs they face with training. This bill throws crumbs to apprentices by allow-ing 529 plans to cover minor training expenses like books and supplies. Given that employers pay for the coursework of apprentices, the remain-ing education costs are relatively small. That is why apprentice advo-cates asked for and why the original bill included coverage for childcare, yet childcare is not covered in this bill. What also is absent is the Jenkins- Kind provision to help middle-class families save for college by allowing employers to match up to $600 a year in 529 contributions, which could help families who can’t afford to put much aside for college or increase their sav-ings. I cannot understand how, when our citizens are struggling under crushing student loan debt, the Republican solu-tion is to allow the elite, with impres-sive 529 plans, to pay off their student debt while leaving the working class out in the cold. Absent is a true investment in help-ing working and middle-class families pay for college. Rather than helping working families, this Republican bill additionally, ideologically attacks the reproductive freedom of women by un-necessarily defining unborn children as beneficiaries of 529s. I agree that we should help families cover the cost of needed health services to help students learn, such as speech and language services, occupational therapy, or physical therapy. b1500 Yet, rather than requiring that insur-ance companies cover these health services that help students learn, the Republican solution is to allow the privileged, with thousands of dollars in savings, to pay for these costs, while working and middle-class families must forego the services for lack of funds. When 67 percent of Americans say that they will outlive their retirement savings, the Republican solution to helping families pay for expenses asso-ciated with a new child or adoption is to undermine these families’ retire-ment security. The Republican tax ap-proach gives corporations and million-aires tens of thousands of dollars di-rectly, but working Americans must take money from their retirement. Government should strengthen the economic security of working and mid-dle-class Americans whose wages have stagnated, not the very wealthiest. This bill fails that charge. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. W
ENSTRUP ). Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I stand here today in support of Mr. K
ELLY ’s bill. Our colleague across the aisle just gave us some very sad statistics that so many of our fellow Americans have when it comes to savings in their lives, so I am surprised that they would want to keep things the same. You see, tax reform has brought op-portunity and hope and a positive en-ergy to America. Our national econ-omy is booming. Wages are on the rise. Americans are taking home bigger pay-checks, and businesses are investing more in their employees. But how can we help families invest in their future, invest for their retire-ment? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.046 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9129 September 27, 2018 
The opportunity is now. With wages up, now is the time. Today, 40 percent of Americans say they cannot cover an unexpected ex-pense of $400. Many Americans are un-prepared for upcoming retirements, awaiting a Social Security check that may be smaller than they ever ex-pected. Others may be unprepared for a medical emergency. Sadly, 32 years ago, when I started my business, almost $200,000 in debt, I was advised to pay off my student loans, pay off my debt and, as I looked down the road, don’t count on Social Security to even be there. We need to use the economic success that we are seeing today to alleviate the widespread savings crisis in Amer-ican communities and in American families. The Family Savings Act of 2018, on the floor today as part of Tax Reform 2.0, is one opportunity to do just that. Millions of Americans would gain ac-cess to new savings vehicles: Universal Savings Accounts offering withdrawals at any time, in any amount, for any purpose; joint small business 401(k) plans; expanded 529 education accounts to pay for apprenticeships, homeschooling, or student loan debt. This is an opportunity to break down the barriers that limit businesses’ abil-ity to offer retirement plans and indi-viduals’ ability to save is enhanced. By eliminating the maximum age limit for IRA contributions and ex-empting individuals with small retire-ment accounts from making manda-tory distributions, this legislation en-courages workers to save and enables them to do so. These reforms offer flexibility for families to save, when able, and spend, when needed; and they offer options for employers—to help local businesses provide retirement plans for their em-ployees. Let’s help our fellow Ameri-cans be on the path to financial secu-rity, especially during our later years. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. K
IND), who has been a lead-er on retirement issues and was one of the sponsors of the original form of this bill, which has changed a good bit, and on other retirement legislation. Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Texas for yielding me this time. I am an original sponsor of the origi-nal bill, which became the basis of this bill, the Retirement Enhancement Se-curity Act. Unfortunately, today this bill is not that bill. A lot has changed, a lot was taken out, and a lot was removed from it because the process is broken. We didn’t have hearings. We didn’t have consultation. We didn’t have the back- and-forth that is needed to build bipar-tisan support for an important measure such as this. We do have a retirement savings in this country. We can be doing more to make it easier for individuals and small businesses to offer retirement savings plans for their employees. I have been proud to work with my friend from Pennsylvania, Mr. KELLY , on legislation to try to correct it. Part of the original bill, the RESA bill, it has been called, was based on legisla-tion that I have offered for years with my friend and colleague from Wash-ington State, Mr. R
EICHERT , another Member of the committee. In fact, the original RESA bill, when it was up before the Senate Finance Committee, passed 26–0. That is how controversial it was. But unfortu-nately, again, this bill does not reflect what was done there. An important provision that would have provided PBGC premium pension relief from rural electric co-ops, from nonprofits, like the Boys and Girls Club of America, or the Jewish Federa-tion of North America, the Christian Schools International, was mysteri-ously stripped from this legislation with very little explanation. That is a problem that we could easily fix right now, as just one example. Another problem we have is that the pay-for that was recognized and identi-fied in a bipartisan manner, the so- called stretch IRAs that we could be shutting down to help pay for this leg-islation, was also stripped. Now, I get the fact that fiscal respon-sibility is out the door with the major-ity party. They don’t believe in paying for things. But when we come up with a bipartisan pay-for, after vetting it and getting feedback from the various stakeholders, and they still can’t ac-cept it, that tells me that, not only don’t they care about fiscal responsi-bility but they are hostile to fiscal re-sponsibility. This is one of three bills now that the Ways and Means Committee is bringing to the floor, with no opportunity for amendments or other Members to con-tribute to help form this legislation. They are here before us in what is called a closed rule; no amendment op-portunity, and none of the bills will be paid for which, according to the Joint Committee on Taxation, will, when these three bills are implemented, cost our Nation over $3 trillion in new debt; $3 trillion. And this comes on the heels of the tax cut 1.0 that passed late last year which, again, wasn’t paid for, which will add $2.3 trillion to other na-tional debt. Now, I don’t know about you, but you give me the opportunity to write $5 trillion worth of hot checks, and I will give you the illusion of wealth and growth in this country. But there is a day of reckoning that will come from all this because this is happening at the wrong time. When we have got growth, we have got virtually full employment, and you guys can’t throw enough fiscal stimulus at this economy. You are taking our fiscal tools away from us. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. DOGGETT. I yield an additional 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wis-consin. Mr. KIND. You are taking all the fis-cal tools away from us, so when there is another recession, and there will be, unless somehow we repeal the eco-nomic cycle in this country, the Fed-eral Reserve will be the only institu-tion standing that can actually take corrective action, probably with ex-traordinary measures, which we all hated in 2008 and 2009. But this bill, and the three bills this week that are before us are here for three reasons and three reasons only: Because of the election calendar, with the midterms coming up in early No-vember, and vulnerable Members’ names being attached to these bills, so that they can do their ads and they can do their press releases back home, knowing that it is not going to go any-where in the Senate. Then finally, we are here this week because tax cut 1.0 went over like a wet blanket with the American people be-cause they know what that was about; where 83 percent of that tax cut is going to large corporations and the wealthiest 1 percent of our Nation. The American people get that. And what did these corporations do with their huge tax windfall? They are doing exactly what they said they would do, share buybacks, dividend dis-tribution, executive compensation sal-aries. They are all buying private jets because of the additional money that they have for their executives right now. Very little has gone into in-creased wages or salary increases, and this is what corporate America said they would do, so no one should be sur-prised by that. So I say, let’s slow down here. Let’s think about the fiscal future of our country, more importantly, the fiscal future of our children and grand-children because right now we have 10,000 baby boomers retiring every day. When these three bills are fully imple-mented, all 70 million baby boomers will be completely vested in the retire-ment system, drawing on Social Secu-rity and Medicare. And we have set those programs up for failure with these reckless tax cuts that aren’t paid for and are going to leave a legacy of debt, which will invariably lead to huge cuts to Social Security and Medi-care, because, guess what? We don’t have money anymore to support those programs. That is what is going on around here right now. But we still have time to correct it because the Senate is not going to take it up. Let’s vote ‘‘no’’. Let’s do this the right way. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I share my colleague’s con-cerns over the debt. In fact, I started to really become alarmed with it under the Obama administration when we went from being $10.6 trillion in debt to nearly $20 trillion in debt. I just won-der, where were you when this was going on? And why was there not any alarm sounding then? But again, it is just politics masquerading as fiscal discipline. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.048 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9130 September 27, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES), a good friend of mine. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6757, the Family Savings Act. Since the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was implemented and signed into law, our country has seen historic economic growth and millions of families now have more money in their pockets. In fact, in Kansas, a middle-class family of four will get to keep $2,144 of their hard-earned money of this year. Thanks to the law, families from the heartland in Kansas and around the country are better off now. But we know there is more to do. With historically low unemployment and more and more Americans going to work, now is the time to continue growing our economy and to help fami-lies prepare for the future. As my colleagues have mentioned earlier, far too many Americans have struggled to save for their key life events such as retirement, an emer-gency, or education. This bill makes savings a reality for these Americans. As part of the tax cuts reform 2.0, this Family Savings Act will help fam-ilies save for all of these events by ex-panding access to new and existing sav-ings methods. To help businesses provide retire-ment plans for workers, the bill allows small businesses to join together to create 401(k) plans more affordably. It gives employers more time to put new retirement plans in place, and sim-plifies the rules for participation in employer plans. It also includes reforms to help work-ers participate in retirement plans such as: exempting small retirement accounts from mandatory payouts; eliminating the age limits on IRA con-tributions; and allowing military re-servists to maximize their retirement contributions. In addition, the bill allows provisions that help families start saving earlier and save more throughout their lives, including creating a new Universal Savings Account, a USA account, to offer a flexible savings tool that fami-lies can use any time that is right for them. It expands 529 education accounts by providing families with flexibility to use their education savings to pay for apprenticeships, homeschooling, and help pay off student loans. As the former Kansas State Treas-urer, I can attest to the value of help-ing parents save for their children’s education. And it creates new baby savings, al-lowing families to access their retire-ment accounts on a penalty-free basis when welcoming a new child into the family, whether by birth or adoption. All together, these measures will help families in Kansas and around our country prepare for retirement and save for education. I urge my col-leagues to support this bill. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. JUDY CHU), a valued mem-ber of our committee. Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposi-tion to H.R. 6757, the Family Savings Act. It is outrageous that, after our markup, a provision was snuck into the bill, behind closed doors, through a manager’s amendment that seeks to further an extreme anti-choice agenda and has no place in this tax bill. Chairman B
RADY ’s manager’s amend-ment, offered behind closed doors in the Rules Committee, has added lan-guage that would allow parents to open 529 college savings accounts for unborn children. The term ‘‘unborn children’’ is defined as a child ‘‘in utero’’ at any stage of development carried in the womb. This provision is completely un-necessary because, under current law, parents are already able to open 529 savings plans for future children in their own name, and then change the name of the beneficiary after the birth of their child. The implications of this insertion, however, is serious. In the landmark Supreme Court decision in Roe v. Wade, the Court declared that ‘‘the word person, as used in the 14th Amendment, does not include the un-born.’’ So let me say, there is no ambiguity here. This is a thinly-veiled attempt to circumvent the Supreme Court’s deci-sion by inserting the words ‘‘unborn child’’ in, of all places, the Tax Code, so that codifies in law a legal concept of the unborn child, therefore, estab-lishing the fetus is protected sepa-rately from the mother. b1515 This is the same language that anti- choice advocates tried to insert into the GOP tax scam bill 1.0, but where the language was ultimately stripped out. At that time, a spokesperson for the anti-choice March for Life group stated that H.R. 1, the GOP tax scam bill, ‘‘. . . we hope that this is the first step in expanding the child tax credit to in-clude unborn children as well.’’ This language is, therefore, obvi-ously, an attempt to lay the legal groundwork to undermine a woman’s constitutional right to an abortion, plain and simple. Based on this lan-guage alone, women’s groups NARAL and Planned Parenthood are opposing this bill. This is nothing more than a political gimmick conducted in secret in order to score political points for Repub-licans trying to placate their extreme base. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my col-leagues to reject this bill and vote ‘‘no’’. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ), chair-man of the Ways and Means Com-mittee, the hero of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Promoting Fam-ily Savings Act of 2018, and thank Con-gressman KELLY for leading this impor-tant bill that helps families save ear-lier and save more throughout their life, something each party should be in support of. Far too many have struggled to save for key life events such as for retire-ment, for education, or for unexpected emergencies. In fact, I know, back home, almost 40 percent of Americans say they wouldn’t even be able to carry and cover a $400 emergency expense. The Promoting Family Savings Act will help more middle-class Americans and younger workers save for key life events by expanding access to new and existing savings vehicles. For example, the bill includes ex-panded education savings accounts, 529 accounts, as we use in our family, to give families the flexibility to use their education savings to pay for appren-ticeship fees for those trade schools; to cover the costs of homeschooling; and to help pay off, for the first time, stu-dent debt with their own savings. It also includes new universal savings accounts, called USAs, which offer fully flexible savings tools that fami-lies can use any time for what is right for them. We think this is very impor-tant to millennials in entering the sav-ings culture. This bill will also help families by al-lowing them to access their own retire-ment accounts on a penalty-free basis to use when welcoming a new child in the family, whether by birth or adop-tion, allowing them to replenish those retirement accounts in the future. It seems to me that we have heard two complaints today. One is that this small provision adds to the debt. But I ask you: Where were the Democrats when they and President Obama dou-bled America’s national debt? They added $2 trillion to the debt in 1 year, but that was adding debt when they were spending your money. But now under tax reform, when we allow families and small businesses to keep more of what they earn, all of a sudden, they are concerned about the national debt. They are really not worried about tax cuts for the wealthy. They are wor-ried about tax cuts for middle-class Americans, because if your earnings and your dreams come first, Demo-crats’ dreams and Washington’s dreams come second. So this is a small investment to help families, small businesses, and younger workers save. But it does more than that. The gentlewoman from California is confused. This bill is extremely family friendly, and one of the ways we do it is the education savings accounts, which we use for our two boys, is ex-panded. This amendment simply makes clear that families can set up a 529 account and designate an unborn child as a ben-eficiary. So the moment you know ‘‘we are pregnant,’’ you can begin saving. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
YRNE ). The time of the gentleman has expired. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.049 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9131 September 27, 2018 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, you would think it would be a bipar-tisan thing to start saving early. We think starting to save early is a good thing. This amendment simplifies it for families. Right now, when you learn those magic words, ‘‘We are pregnant,’’ and you want to begin saving, we actually force families to set up an account for someone else and then later they trans-fer it to the child after birth. All this does is eliminate that extra step, re-duces the paperwork, and makes sav-ings for family and that new addition, whether it is by birth or by adoption, in our case, it makes it easier to do. The savings bill by Mr. K
ELLY for the first time allows families who welcome that new child to access their retire-ment if there are extra medical costs, or if your child has special needs and needs new equipment, or if you want to simply stay home sometime with your family. Maybe the business you work for can’t afford to pay you. For the first time, millions of American fami-lies will have a Tax Code that works for their young family, not against them. Mr. Speaker, you would think that would be supported by both parties. I urge Members of Congress to set aside this silly partisanship and join to-gether to help families save more. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to engage in a colloquy with the chairman. Mr. Speaker, one topic that has been discussed in the context of the savings and retirement bill is the level of pre-miums paid to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, the PBGC, by rural electric co-ops and by charitable organizations. I know the Ways and Means Com-mittee included a study that was in-tended to provide information relevant to the proper level of PBGC premiums. That study was removed by the man-ager’s amendment. Could the chairman provide some in-sights about how this issue will be re-solved as we move forward? Mr. BRADY of Texas. Will the gen-tleman yield? Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. I yield to the gentleman from Texas. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I will be glad to provide my perspective. The gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ) is correct. The study was re-moved. The question of PBGC premium lev-els is not directly within the jurisdic-tion of the Ways and Means Com-mittee. Here, in the House, the com-mittee of jurisdiction is the Education and the Workforce Committee. I have had numerous discussions with the excellent chairwoman of the com-mittee, Dr. F
OXX of North Carolina. She knows our interest in determining the proper premium levels for these or-ganizations. Premiums, as you know, that are too low threaten the ability of the PBGC to provide protections for the workers and beneficiaries. At the same time, if premiums are set too high, they really impose an in-appropriate burden on pension plans and the workers who participate in them. This issue will come up again as we negotiate a final agreement with the Senate on the overall retirement and savings package, because many Sen-ators, too, are also interested in find-ing the right level of premiums. So I would say to the gentleman that I have full confidence that Chairwoman FOXX and her colleagues as the com-mittee of jurisdiction will be engaged in working on the overall retirement security agreement and will work to provide appropriate input in deter-mining the right outcome. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman, as al-ways, for his insights and his clarity, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, so I will close at this time and initially yield myself 5 minutes. Mr. Speaker, the Republican tax bill has given us trillions of dollars of addi-tional debt, and so, tomorrow, they propose to freeze in some additional provisions that will add hundreds of billions of additional debt to what they have already incurred. They would depart for the elections, carefully timed with tomorrow’s de-bate, so that the last thing the voter hears is that the Republicans have passed another tax bill. Of course, none of its provisions will affect any American for 7 years. That is what they have to offer us: freeze in some inefficient provisions that are not really targeted to ordinary American families that have a special provision in there specifically for Donald Trump and other real estate magnates, a pro-vision they hid and tucked in the con-ference committee and then put in the final law, one special interest provision after another. They want to freeze all of that in and offer the American peo-ple the mirage of relief in 7 years. This bill that they signed into law as their big tax deal will cost this genera-tion and future generations a huge amount of money just paying the inter-est on the debt that they have achieved, and having done nothing in this Congress to advance retirement se-curity, having done nothing in this Congress to encourage more savings by more Americans. They come here on the eve of our de-parture for the elections with this big family savings account bill. It also pro-poses to borrow more. It has a great new universal savings account in it. The only problem is that two-thirds of Americans won’t take advantage of this universal savings account because it offers them no advantage whatso-ever. As usual, those Americans have been excluded from the Republican version of what the universe of Americans real-ly is. The cost of doing this is not only in terms of new debt, but a very ineffi-cient approach where you pay, as indi-cated by the study of a similar pro-gram, you have $1 lost, $1 cost in this borrowing, and you get 1 penny of addi-tional real savings. Now, I am amused a little bit to hear my colleagues come and agree with me about the challenge that American families face of not having $400 to meet an emergency medical expense. How in the world are any of those Americans going to benefit in the slightest from this proposal? It advantages people who have $100,000 or more with the universal sav-ings account. They are not in that cat-egory. If they can’t afford a $400 med-ical expense, exactly how much savings do you expect them to have under this bill? A big zero is what we are talking about. It is a big zero in large measure be-cause, despite this great tax bill they approved, real wages in America have remained stagnant during the Trump administration. He has not been able to raise real wages because he continues to engage in supporting programs, just like the one before us today, that are aimed at those at the top and think somehow the benefits will trickle down to every-one else. It is those people who will not benefit from today’s legislation, who are ex-cluded from the great universe that Re-publicans see. It is those people who rely on Social Security and Medicare, which Republicans have proposed changes in, in their budget proposals, have discussed a variety of ways to trim them, that we can’t afford them in their current form. Well, what, precisely, have Repub-licans accomplished about Medicare in this Congress? Well, they have a rather significant accomplishment that I have to note. As a result of their tax bill, they have reduced the solvency of the Medicare trust fund by 3 years, 3 years taken right off the Medicare trust fund’s future as a result of their tax bill—by a variety of independent sources that have evaluated the im-pact. Meanwhile, they are using that tax bill and the debt they have accumu-lated with reference to the amount of money that we have for Pell grants and other student financial assistance, for Medicaid and the role that it plays, and for other vital services saying: We just can’t afford them because we borrowed these trillions of dollars from abroad, and we don’t have the resources to meet our other needs. With every tax policy that they pro-pose, Republicans seem to insist on leaving working families behind. And they have the gall then to turn around and tell those same working families: You have to pay for it in interest, in cuts to Medicare and Medicaid, and other services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.051 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9132 September 27, 2018 
Now, there is another really impor-tant point about this, which Mr. K
IND addressed, because just like the bill we will take up tomorrow, just like the bill we are taking up right now, just like this huge Republican tax sham, there is much in common. The number one thing in common is that not one official in any of the departments in the Trump administration had the guts to come over and face our committee and answer questions about it. They did not bring a single Trump administration official to discuss, ex-plain, justify, how any of this conforms with all his ridiculous campaign prom-ises. There was none of that on any of these bills. They kept their bills in secret until the last minute after having no public hearings, inviting no businesses, no academic experts from around the country. They plopped these bills out and rushed them through just as quick-ly as possible, so there will be as little consideration as possible. Then they talk about the desire for bipartisan comity after doing this kind of thing. Well, there are many bipar-tisan ideas out there that could have been considered. Mr. K
IND’s proposal is designed to help poor people, working people save for college or retirement, and give them some incentive for that. That is an idea that could have been considered. b1530 Mr. N
EAL, the ranking member of our committee, has advanced some other important ideas concerning savings to expand the savers credit that would help many of these working families get the savings that they need to pre-pare for their golden years. Mr. L
ARSON , another member of our committee, has worked on cutting taxes for many people under Social Se-curity with modest incomes and seeing that those who have been more suc-cessful pay the same rate on all their income that those who are not at the top of the economic ladder pay on theirs. He has a plan to ensure that So-cial Security will be solvent through the end of this century. Those are the kind of creative pro-posals that we have advanced, but we can’t get a hearing on them. We can’t get an opportunity under today’s bills or any of these others to offer an amendment to add them. The only way we are going to have an opportunity to address those creative proposals and do something for a universe that we define as including all Americans, not just those perched up comfortably on the top of the economic ladder, the only way we will do that is with a new Con-gress of caring, concerned people who are willing to listen, regardless of whether they agree to divergent views, and try to come up with a truly Amer-ican answer to resolve this retirement security problem. I believe that those Americans who are working out there today, trying to make ends meet, who won’t benefit from this bill are worried about the tax breaks that have gone to those up at the top, how they will threaten all that they have worked and paid for in their future, and the callous indifference it shows to their children and their grandchildren, who will be saddled with this Republican debt for decades. The late Texas Senator Ralph Yar-borough, a distinguished servant of our State, talked about putting the jam on the lower shelf so that everybody could reach it. Well, this bill puts the jam at the top for the one-third of Americans up there at the top who might use some portion of this bill, but it leaves out the two-thirds who can’t reach quite that high. This bill is not what America needs to achieve retirement savings. In so many ways, Republicans are ignoring the needs of working families. They are ignoring prescription price gouging, doing nothing about it, and they are ignoring our healthcare needs. In fact, their tax bill actually weakens, significantly, access to healthcare and jeopardizes Americans with higher pre-miums as a result of a healthcare pro-vision that they snuck into their tax bill. They show no concern for a living wage for Americans. This bill is just part of that same narrow-mindedness and that same refusal to look at a uni-verse that applies to all Americans. They are leaving families that are struggling to make ends meet behind. They are certainly not letting them reach the jam that they deserve to be able to access, as Senator Yarborough talked about. Let’s reject this bill and look forward to a day, a very hopeful day, for Ameri-cans in which all Americans can have their say and we can get a Congress that will resist the injustices of the Trump administration and will reach out to support a better future for our country. Mr. Speaker, I urge rejection of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I include in the R
ECORD a letter from AARP in strong support of H.R. 6757. 
AARP®, September 27, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND LEADER PELOSI : AARP writes to support H.R. 6757, the Fam-ily Savings Act of 2018 that will promote a more secure retirement. AARP, with its nearly 38 million members in all 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the U.S. terri-tories, is a nonpartisan, nonprofit, nation-wide organization that helps empower people to choose how they live as they age, strengthens communities, and fights for the issues that matter most to families, such as healthcare, employment and income secu-rity, retirement planning, affordable utili-ties and protection from financial abuse. Notably, the Family Savings Act seeks to encourage more employers, especially small employers, to provide retirement savings op-portunities for American families, a goal AARP shares. Small employers have lagged in offering retirement plans to their employ-ees. The U.S. private employer-based retire-ment system, which supplements Social Se-curity, has not significantly expanded cov-erage for decades. Only half of all employers, primarily large employers, offer retirement plans to their workers, and only half of all employees are saving for retirement. In re-cent years, new industry practices and tech-nology have made the savings process sim-pler. AARP encourages Congress to adopt tested ideas to make supplemental savings easy and affordable for both employers and employees. The Family Savings Act includes a prom-ising retirement savings initiative, known as a multiple employer or pooled provider plan—a single plan operated by a group pro-vider who will act as a fiduciary, making it easier for small employers to offer a plan and providing workers with prudently selected retirement investments. AARP is hopeful that qualified firms will be willing to create pooled arrangements that enroll and assist interested employers and employees. Small employers are not retirement experts and need an impartial advisor to take responsi-bility for automatic payroll contributions and negotiating with and monitoring invest-ment firms. In addition, the bill contains several other helpful retirement savings improvements for the military, graduate students and older in-vestors. We also are pleased that the bill pre-serves ready access to paper documentation of important retirement plan documents. We appreciate your efforts to encourage improvements in our retirement system, and look forward to working with Committee members on further bill refinements and en-hancements as the bill moves forward to con-ference. If you have any questions or need additional information, please feel free to contact me. Sincerely, NANCY A. L EAMOND, Executive Vice President and Chief Advocacy and Engagement Officer. 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, it is interesting to be here in the people’s House on the floor hearing two differing views of America. I really appreciate about putting the jam on the lower shelf. We have actually put it on the table with the lid off so that every single American has benefited. I know that sometimes we look at things, and people are entitled to their own opinion, but what they are not en-titled to are their own facts. The fact is that, under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, every single American has bene-fited. This is not just about Democrats and Republicans; this is about Americans. I am hoping that Americans are watch-ing what is going on here right now, where the game plan is always: If we can divide them, we can win. If we don’t have any facts, let’s just come up with anything and throw it out there and think that maybe the way we use the Gruber effect in the healthcare plan, we are going to rely on Ameri-cans not to really look beyond what is going on. Well, I will tell you what. In every segment of our society right now, we are seeing the lowest unemployment in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.082 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9133 September 27, 2018 
history. It doesn’t matter if these are hyphenated Americans—I don’t know why we have to be this way, because I look at people as being red, white, and blue Americans, not White, not Black, not tan, not yellow. I am talking about red, white, and blue Americans, the same people who provide every single penny to run this marvelous govern-ment of ours. And now what we are proposing today is to allow these same hard-working people the opportunity not to have to rely on a government program, but to be able to rely on their own hard-earned savings. What an incred-ible, unusual idea to come out of this House. Look, we know that it is absolutely crucial that, as more and more Ameri-cans enter their golden years, they have the security and peace of mind to enjoy those years and not have to worry about whether they have saved enough money. We should be doing ev-erything we can to help them save more of their hard-earned money—it is their own money, by the way—for themselves and for their families. H.R. 6757 does that by giving every single American the tools that he or she needs to help them save for their fu-ture and to save for their retirement. I have heard today the tax sham. I have heard today about growing defi-cits. I have heard today about the rich, the elite, the people who have private boats, and the people who have jets. But what I haven’t heard today is how this incredible piece of legislation, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, has increased and how our economy has taken off. Now, you can say anything you want, and I understand why you are upset. Not one of you could vote for this. So if you couldn’t vote for it and you couldn’t be part of the team that won, what you have to be now is the team that says: Do you know what? We could have done it better. My question is: Where the heck were you in the previous administration? Where were you in all those years when the debt grew from $10 trillion to $20 trillion? Now, all of a sudden, the light comes on: Oh, my God, the debt is increasing. It is these doggone Republicans. Do you know what they are trying to do? They want hardworking American tax-payers to be able to keep more of their own money. That is just not the way Washington works. I thank God every day that I didn’t start off as a local politician, then move into a county position, then move into a State position, and then wander into D.C. using that same phi-losophy that we are going to put this on the backs of our taxpayers. We never tell these people that the hand they feel in their back pocket is the government taking their wallet out. Then we decry this fact that: Oh, my goodness, how could we ignore the debt? Thanks for waking up. Where were you when it was $10 trillion? Why did you let it get to $20 trillion before the bells went off? Look, there is so much in this bill that just makes sense. This bill was not crafted for Democrats. It wasn’t crafted for Republicans. It was crafted for Americans, hardworking Ameri-cans, who put all their life into a job, who look forward to retirement. We are giving them that opportunity not to rely on some government program that may or may not be there when they reach retirement. We are telling them: Do you know what? You get to keep more of your own money now. You get to put it away in a lot of pretax opportunities. You get to know that you can draw down on some of that money without being heavily taxed for needing it. And while we decry all these inequi-ties, and when we continue to divide Americans and say, ‘‘It is always about the rich; it is always about the elite; it is all about those who have more than you do,’’ that is not what it is about. It is about helping every American get to retirement. Good Lord, how did we get to this po-sition? How did we get to this point in America’s history that we will pick and choose and we will decry anybody who has been successful and always label them as the rich, the elite, these horrible, horrible people who have done so much with their life. They just don’t deserve that. Well, do you know what? This is America. There are more stories in this country and throughout our history of people who started with absolutely nothing but an opportunity, an equal opportunity, not guaranteed an equal outcome, but guaranteed an equal op-portunity. What we are doing today is guaran-teeing for every hardworking American out there that they can put more of their own hard-earned money into a re-tirement plan that serves them. Now, every time we come on this floor, I hear this: divide, divide, divide. We can’t possibly be the America that 1.4 million of our fellow citizens died to protect. No, no, no. This is not about America’s future. This is about mid-term elections. We are more worried about getting reelected than changing the direction of this country. I would ask my colleagues on the other side, look, I know you are sorry you didn’t vote for the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. That is why you throw it down all the time and say this is hor-rible. What did happen is that we are giving you another chance to hop on this train. I have only been here 8 years, but I will tell you what. I have heard enough in 8 years, coming from the private sec-tor where you have to make it on your own every single day. You have to make payroll. You have to put food on the table and a roof over the heads of your children. I don’t want a government program that does that for me. I want a govern-ment program that allows me to save my own money, take less of my hard- earned money and allow me to save for my wife, for my kids, for my grand-children, and for my great-grand-children. That is what this is all about today, Mr. Speaker. It is plain and simple. One group thinks that the whole idea of government is to make each and every citizen rely on them and depend on them for their very existence. We are offering a chance for every single American—I don’t care where they are from, I don’t care the color of their skin, the shape of their eyes, or how they vote. What I do care about is that they can go into their retirement knowing that their hard-earned money over the years is going to be accessible to them. That is what this is all about. I am hoping America is watching. I will go back to what I said in the beginning. I remember very clearly my mom and my dad sitting there and say-ing: The one thing we pray for is that we are never a burden for you and your brothers and your sisters. And I will repeat what I said today. I could not believe that the people who raised me, who fed me, who clothed me, who gave me a future, thought that somehow they would ever be a burden to me, my brothers, or my sisters. The one thing I know that they were sure of: They could save on their own, and they could get ready for their future and for their retirement years. That is all we are trying to do today. We are trying to make sure that every single hardworking American gets to keep more of his or her money for their own retirement without the govern-ment taking advantage of them. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speak-ers, but I do still have the passion to bring this forward, and I have the pas-sion and I have the belief that, if you can get beyond politics and talk about people, that you can come to a conclu-sion that this is a solid bill that helps our fellow Americans go into their re-tirement. I know that is in your heart. I know you can’t speak it sometimes because we are so polarized. Isn’t that a shame? But I will say this. Today we have the opportunity, and what you can show it on—there will be a big screen up there. It will have everybody’s name. And you can put a green ‘‘yes’’ on there, which says: I am voting for America’s future. I am voting for America’s retirees. I am voting to make people have peace of mind. Or you can put a red up there and say: Do you know what? I would have voted for it, but it wasn’t our bill. And if it is not my bill, if it is not my party’s bill, I can’t vote for that because there is an election coming up and we have got to polarize this. Mr. Speaker, I know I am out of time, but I am not out of breath, and I will tell you what, I am sure as hell not out of passion. I know what this coun-try means for everybody, and we are making it possible for them every day in every way. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.057 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9134 September 27, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 1084, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on passage of the bill will be followed by a 5-minute vote on pas-sage of H.R. 6756. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 240, nays 177, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 411] YEAS—240 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—177 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—11 
Blackburn Ellison Eshoo Harper Jones Lujan Grisham, M. Newhouse Nolan Rooney, Thomas J. Rush Walz 
b1610 Mr. M
CEACHIN changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
AMERICAN INNOVATION ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 6756) to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to promote new business innovation, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 260, nays 156, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 412] YEAS—260 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carbajal Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Latta Lawson (FL) Lesko Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.058 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9135 September 27, 2018 
Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—156 
Adams Barraga´n Bass Beatty Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—12 
Blackburn Ellison Eshoo Harper Jenkins (WV) Jones Lujan Grisham, M. Newhouse Nolan Rooney, Thomas J. Rush Walz 
b1619 Mr. RYAN of Ohio changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained and missed the votes that occurred on September 27, 2018 due to the vehicle I was riding in being struck by another vehicle on the way to the day’s first series of votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on the four rollcall votes: No. 409 Order-ing the Previous Question on H. Res. 1084; No. 410 Adoption of H. Res. 1084; No. 411 Passage of H.R. 6757; and No. 412 Passage of H.R. 6756. f 
SAVE OUR SEAS ACT OF 2018 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (S. 3508) to re-authorize and amend the Marine Debris Act to promote international action to reduce marine debris, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. N
ORMAN ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Cali-fornia? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3508 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Save Our Seas Act of 2018’’. TITLE I—MARINE DEBRIS 
SEC. 101. NOAA MARINE DEBRIS PROGRAM. 
Section 3 of the Marine Debris Act (33 U.S.C. 1952) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in paragraph (5)(C), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) work to develop outreach and edu-cation strategies with other Federal agencies to address sources of marine debris; ‘‘(7) except for discharges of marine debris from vessels, in consultation with the De-partment of State and other Federal agen-cies, promote international action, as appro-priate, to reduce the incidence of marine de-bris, including providing technical assist-ance to expand waste management systems internationally; and ‘‘(8) in the case of an event determined to be a severe marine debris event under sub-section (c)— ‘‘(A) assist in the cleanup and response re-quired by the severe marine debris event; or ‘‘(B) conduct such other activity as the Ad-ministrator determines is appropriate in re-sponse to the severe marine debris event.’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); (3) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) S
EVERE MARINE DEBRIS EVENTS .—At the discretion of the Administrator or at the request of the Governor of an affected State, the Administrator shall determine whether there is a severe marine debris event.’’; and (4) in subsection (d)(2), as redesignated— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sub-paragraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (B) and (C)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) S
EVERE MARINE DEBRIS EVENTS .—Not- withstanding subparagraph (A), the Federal share of the cost of an activity carried out under a determination made under sub-section (c) shall be— ‘‘(i) 100 percent of the cost of the activity, for an activity funded wholly by funds made available by a person, including the govern-ment of a foreign country, to the Federal Government for the purpose of responding to a severe marine debris event; or ‘‘(ii) 75 percent of the cost of the activity, for any activity other than an activity fund-ed as described in clause (i).’’. SEC. 102. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON INTER-NATIONAL ENGAGEMENT TO RE-SPOND TO MARINE DEBRIS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Presi-dent should— (1) support research and development on systems and materials that reduce— (A) derelict fishing gear; and (B) the amount of solid waste that is gen-erated from land-based sources and the amount of such waste that enters the marine environment; (2) work with representatives of foreign countries that discharge the largest amounts of solid waste from land-based sources into the marine environment, to develop mecha-nisms to reduce such discharges; (3) carry out studies to determine— (A) the primary means of discharges re-ferred to in paragraph (2); (B) the manner in which waste manage-ment infrastructure can be most effective in preventing such discharges; and (C) the long-term impacts of marine debris on the national economies of the countries with which work is undertaken under para-graph (2) and on the global economy, includ-ing the impacts of reducing the discharge of such debris; (4) work with representatives of the coun-tries with which work is undertaken in para-graph (2) to conclude one or more new inter-national agreements that include provi-sions— (A) to mitigate the discharge of land-based solid waste into the marine environment; and (B) to provide technical assistance and in-vestment in waste management infrastruc-ture to reduce such discharges, if the Presi-dent determines such assistance or invest-ment is appropriate; and (5) encourage the United States Trade Rep-resentative to consider the impact of dis-charges of land-based solid waste from the countries with which work is conducted under paragraph (2) in relevant future trade agreements. 
SEC. 103. SENSE OF CONGRESS SUPPORTING GREAT LAKES LAND-BASED MARINE DEBRIS ACTION PLAN. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Great Lakes Land-Based Marine Debris Action Plan (NOAA Technical Memorandum NOS– OR&R–49) is vital to the ongoing efforts to clean up the Great Lakes Region and getting rid of harmful debris, such as microplastics, abandoned vessels, and other forms of pollu-tion that are threatening the survival of na-tive marine animals and damaging the Great Lakes’ recreation and tourism economy. 
SEC. 104. MEMBERSHIP OF THE INTERAGENCY MARINE DEBRIS COORDINATING COMMITTEE. 
Section 5(b) of the Marine Debris Act (33 U.S.C. 1954(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (7); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) the Department of State; ‘‘(6) the Department of the Interior; and’’. 
SEC. 105. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 9 of the Marine Debris Act (33 U.S.C. 1958) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 9. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated to the Administrator 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27SE7.020 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9136 September 27, 2018 
$10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 for carrying out sections 3, 5, and 6, of which not more than 5 percent is authorized for each fiscal year for adminis-trative costs. ‘‘(b) A
MOUNTS AUTHORIZED FOR COAST  G
UARD .—Of the amounts authorized for each fiscal year under section 2702(1) of title 14, United States Code, up to $2,000,000 is au-thorized for the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating for use by the Commandant of the Coast Guard to carry out section 4 of this Act, of which not more than 5 percent is authorized for each fiscal year for administrative costs.’’. TITLE II—MARITIME SAFETY 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Hamm Alert Maritime Safety Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 202. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) On September 29, 2015, the SS El Faro cargo vessel left Jacksonville, Florida bound for San Juan, Puerto Rico, carrying 391 ship-ping containers, 294 trailers and cars, and a crew of 33 people, including 28 Americans. (2) On the morning of October 1, the El Faro sent its final communication reporting that the engines were disabled and the ship was listing, leaving the ship directly in the path of Hurricane Joaquin and resulting in the sinking of the vessel and the loss of all 33 lives. (3) The National Transportation Safety Board and the Coast Guard made rec-ommendations to address safety issues, such as improving weather information and train-ing, improving planning and response to se-vere weather, reviewing the Coast Guard’s program delegating vessel inspections to third-party organizations to assess the effec-tiveness of the program, and improving alerts and equipment on the vessels, among other recommendations. (4) Safety issues are not limited to the El Faro. For 2017, over 21,000 deficiencies were issued to United States commercial vessels and more than 2,500 U.S. vessels were issued ‘‘no-sail’’ requirements. (5) The maritime industry, particularly the men and women of the United States mer-chant marine, play a vital and important role to the national security and economy of our country, and a strong safety regime is necessary to ensure the vitality of the indus-try and the protection of current and future mariners, and to honor lost mariners. 
SEC. 203. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) C
OMMANDANT .—The term ‘‘Com-mandant’’ means the Commandant of the Coast Guard. (2) R
ECOGNIZED ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘recognized organization’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2.45–1 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. 
SEC. 204. DOMESTIC VESSEL COMPLIANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the President sub-mits to the Congress a budget each year pur-suant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the Commandant shall publish on a publicly accessible Website information documenting domestic vessel compliance with the requirements of subtitle II of title 46, United States Code. (b) C
ONTENT .—The information required under subsection (a) shall— (1) include flag-State detention rates for each type of inspected vessel; and (2) identify any recognized organization that inspected or surveyed a vessel that was later subject to a Coast Guard-issued control action attributable to a major noncon-formity that the recognized organization failed to identify in such inspection or sur-vey. SEC. 205. SAFETY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an audit regarding the implementation and effective-ness of the Coast Guard’s oversight and en-forcement of safety management plans re-quired under chapter 32 of title 46, United States Code. (b) S
COPE.—The audit conducted under sub-section (a) shall include an evaluation of— (1) the effectiveness and implementation of safety management plans, including such plans for— (A) a range of vessel types and sizes; and (B) vessels that operate in a cross-section of regional operating areas; and (2) the effectiveness and implementation of safety management plans in addressing the impact of heavy weather. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report de-tailing the results of the audit and providing recommendations related to such results, in-cluding ways to streamline and focus such plans on ship safety. (d) M
ARINE SAFETY ALERT .—Not later than 60 days after the date the report is submitted under subsection (c), the Commandant shall publish a Marine Safety Alert providing no-tification of the completion of the report and including a link to the report on a publicly accessible website. (e) A
DDITIONAL ACTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Upon completion of the report under subsection (c), the Commandant shall consider additional guidance or a rule-making to address any deficiencies identi-fied, and any additional actions rec-ommended, in the report. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date the report is submitted under sub-section (c), the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the actions the Commandant has taken to address any deficiencies identified, and any additional actions recommended, in the re-port submitted under subsection (c). 
SEC. 206. EQUIPMENT REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) R EGULATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 3306 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(l)(1) The Secretary shall require that a freight vessel inspected under this chapter be outfitted with distress signaling and location technology for the higher of— ‘‘(A) the minimum complement of officers and crew specified on the certificate of in-spection for such vessel; or ‘‘(B) the number of persons onboard the vessel; and ‘‘(2) the requirement described in para-graph (1) shall not apply to vessels operating within the baseline from which the terri-torial sea of the United States is measured. ‘‘(m)(1) The Secretary shall promulgate regulations requiring companies to maintain records of all incremental weight changes made to freight vessels inspected under this chapter, and to track weight changes over time to facilitate rapid determination of the aggregate total. ‘‘(2) Records maintained under paragraph (1) shall be stored, in paper or electronic form, onboard such vessels for not less than 3 years and shoreside for the life of the ves-sel.’’. (2) DEADLINES .—The Secretary shall— (A) begin implementing the requirement under section 3306(l) of title 46, United States Code, as amended by this subsection, by not later than 1 year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act; and (B) promulgate the regulations required under section 3306(m) of title 46, United States Code, as amended by this subsection, by not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) E
NGAGEMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall seek to enter into ne-gotiations through the International Mari-time Organization to amend regulation 25 of chapter II–1 of the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea to require a high-water alarm sensor in each cargo hold of a freight vessel (as that term is defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code), that connects with audible and visual alarms on the navigation bridge of the vessel. 
SEC. 207. VOYAGE DATA RECORDER; ACCESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 63 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 6309. Voyage data recorder access ‘‘Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Coast Guard shall have full, concur-rent, and timely access to and ability to use voyage data recorder data and audio held by any Federal agency in all marine casualty investigations, regardless of which agency is the investigative lead.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘6309. Voyage data recorder access.’’. 
SEC. 208. VOYAGE DATA RECORDER; REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) F LOAT -FREE AND BEACON REQUIRE -
MENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall seek to enter into nego-tiations through the International Maritime Organization to amend regulation 20 of chap-ter V of the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea to require that all voy-age data recorders are installed in a float- free arrangement and contain an integrated emergency position indicating radio beacon. (2) P
ROGRESS UPDATE .—Not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives an update on the progress of the engagement required under paragraph (1). (b) C
OST-BENEFIT ANALYSIS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a cost-ben-efit analysis of requiring that voyage data recorders installed on commercial vessels documented under chapter 121 of title 46, United States Code, capture communications on the internal telephone systems of such vessels, including requiring the capture of both sides of all communications with the bridge onboard such vessels. 
SEC. 209. SURVIVAL AND LOCATING EQUIPMENT. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall, subject to the availability of appro-priations, identify and procure equipment that will provide search-and-rescue units the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27SE7.022 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9137 September 27, 2018 
ability to attach a radio or Automated Iden-tification System strobe or beacon to an ob-ject that is not immediately retrievable. 
SEC. 210. TRAINING OF COAST GUARD PER-SONNEL. 
(a) P ROSPECTIVE SECTOR COMMANDER  T
RAINING .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Com-mandant shall implement an Officer in Charge, Marine Inspections segment to the sector commander indoctrination course for prospective sector commanders without a Coast Guard prevention ashore officer spe-cialty code. (b) S
TEAMSHIP INSPECTIONS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall imple-ment steam plant inspection training for Coast Guard marine inspectors and, subject to availability, recognized organizations to which authority is delegated under section 3316 of title 46, United States Code. (c) A
DVANCED JOURNEYMAN INSPECTOR  T
RAINING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall establish advanced training to provide instruction on the over-sight of recognized organizations to which authority is delegated under section 3316 of title 46, United States Code, auditing respon-sibilities, and the inspection of unique vessel types. (2) R
ECIPIENTS .—The Commandant shall— (A) require that such training be com-pleted by senior Coast Guard marine inspec-tors; and (B) subject to availability of training ca-pacity, make such training available to rec-ognized organization surveyors authorized by the Coast Guard to conduct inspections. (d) C
OAST GUARD INSPECTIONS STAFF ; B
RIEFING .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Com-mandant shall provide to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a briefing detailing— (1) the estimated time and funding nec-essary to triple the current size of the Coast Guard’s traveling inspector staff; and (2) other options available to the Coast Guard to enhance and maintain marine safe-ty knowledge, including discussion of in-creased reliance on— (A) civilian marine inspectors; (B) experienced licensed mariners; (C) retired members of the Coast Guard; (D) arranging for Coast Guard inspectors to ride onboard commercial oceangoing ves-sels documented under chapter 121 of title 46, United States Code, to gain experience and insight; and (E) extending tour-lengths for Coast Guard marine safety officers assigned to inspection billets. (e) A
UDITS ; COAST GUARD ATTENDANCE AND  P
ERFORMANCE .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall— (1) update Coast Guard policy to utilize risk analysis to target the attendance of Coast Guard personnel during external safe-ty management certificate and document of compliance audits; and (2) perform a quality assurance audit of recognized organization representation and performance regarding United States-flagged vessels. 
SEC. 211. MAJOR MARINE CASUALTY PROPERTY DAMAGE THRESHOLD. 
Section 6101(i)(3) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$2,000,000’’. 
SEC. 212. REVIEWS, BRIEFINGS, REPORTS, AND TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS. 
(a) M AJOR CONVERSION DETERMINATIONS .— (1) REVIEW OF POLICIES AND PROCEDURES .— The Commandant shall conduct a review of policies and procedures for making and docu-menting major conversion determinations, including an examination of the deference given to precedent. (2) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall provide to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a briefing on the findings of the review required by paragraph (1). (b) V
ENTILATORS , OPENINGS AND STABILITY  S
TANDARDS .— (1) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Com-mandant shall complete a review of the ef-fectiveness of United States regulations, international conventions, recognized orga-nizations’ class rules, and Coast Guard tech-nical policy regarding— (A) ventilators and other hull openings; (B) fire dampers and other closures pro-tecting openings normally open during oper-ations; (C) intact and damage stability standards under subchapter S of chapter I of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations; and (D) lifesaving equipment for mariners, in-cluding survival suits and life jackets. (2) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall provide to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a briefing on the effectiveness of the regulations, inter-national conventions, recognized organiza-tions’ class rules, and Coast Guard technical policy reviewed under paragraph (1). (c) S
ELF-LOCATING DATUM MARKER  B
UOYS .—Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Com-mandant shall provide to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a briefing on the reliability of self-locating datum marker buoys and other similar technology used during Coast Guard search-and-rescue operations. The briefing shall include a description of reason-able steps the Commandant could take to in-crease the reliability of such buoys, includ-ing the potential to leverage technology used by the Navy, and how protocols could be de-veloped to conduct testing of such buoys be-fore using them for operations. (d) C
ORRECTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Transportation, for purposes of section 502(f)(4) of the Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 822(f)(4)) (as in effect on the day before the amendments made by section 11607 of Public Law 114–94 (129 Stat. 1698) took effect)— (A) not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and in consultation with the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget, shall define the term ‘‘co-horts of loans’’; (B) before the deadline described in para-graph (2), shall return to the original source, on a pro rata basis, the credit risk premiums paid for the loans in the cohort of loans, with interest accrued thereon, that were not used to mitigate losses; and (C) shall not treat the repayment of a loan after the date of enactment of Public Law 114–94 as precluding, limiting, or negatively affecting the satisfaction of the obligation of its cohort prior to the enactment of Public Law 114–94. (2) DEADLINE DESCRIBED .—The deadline de-scribed in this paragraph is— (A) if all obligations attached to a cohort of loans have been satisfied, not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act; and (B) if all obligations attached to a cohort of loans have not been satisfied, not later than 60 days after the date on which all obli-gations attached to the cohort of loans are satisfied. (e) O
VERSIGHT PROGRAM ; EFFECTIVENESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall commission an as-sessment of the effectiveness of the Coast Guard’s oversight of recognized organiza-tions and its impact on compliance by and safety of vessels inspected by such organiza-tions. (2) E
XPERIENCE .—The assessment commis-sioned under paragraph (1) shall be con-ducted by a research organization with sig-nificant experience in maritime operations and marine safety. (3) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date that the assess-ment required under paragraph (1) is com-pleted, the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives the results of such assessment. 
SEC. 213. FLAG-STATE GUIDANCE AND SUPPLE-MENTS. 
(a) F REIGHT VESSELS ; DAMAGE CONTROL IN-
FORMATION .—Within 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue flag-State guidance for all freight vessels documented under chapter 121 of title 46, United States Code, built before January 1, 1992, regarding the inclusion of comprehen-sive damage control information in safety management plans required under chapter 32 of title 46, United States Code. (b) R
ECOGNIZED ORGANIZATIONS ; U NITED  S
TATES SUPPLEMENT .—The Commandant shall— (1) work with recognized organizations to create a single United States Supplement to rules of such organizations for classification of vessels; and (2) by not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, provide to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a briefing on whether it is necessary to revise part 8 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, to au-thorize only one United States Supplement to such rules. 
SEC. 214. MARINE SAFETY STRATEGY. 
Section 2116 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘each year of an annual’’ and inserting ‘‘of a triennial’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘A
NNUAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘T RIENNIAL ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘annual’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘triennial’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2011 and each fiscal year’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2020 and triennially’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘annual plan’’ and insert-ing ‘‘triennial plan’’; and (4) in subsection (d)(2), by striking ‘‘annu-ally’’ and inserting ‘‘triennially’’. 
SEC. 215. RECOGNIZED ORGANIZATIONS; OVER-SIGHT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3316 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by redesig-nating subsection (g) as subsection (h), and by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27SE7.022 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9138 September 27, 2018 
‘‘(g)(1) There shall be within the Coast Guard an office that conducts comprehensive and targeted oversight of all recognized or-ganizations that act on behalf of the Coast Guard. ‘‘(2) The staff of the office shall include subject matter experts, including inspectors, investigators, and auditors, who possess the capability and authority to audit all aspects of such recognized organizations. ‘‘(3) In this subsection the term ‘recognized organization’ has the meaning given that term in section 2.45–1 of title 46, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, as in effect on the date of the enactment of the Hamm Alert Maritime Safety Act of 2018.’’. (b) D
EADLINE FOR ESTABLISHMENT .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall estab-lish the office required by the amendment made by subsection (a) by not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 216. TIMELY WEATHER FORECASTS AND HAZARD ADVISORIES FOR MER-CHANT MARINERS. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Commandant shall seek to enter into negotiations through the International Maritime Organization to amend the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea to require that vessels subject to the requirements of such Conven-tion receive— (1) timely synoptic and graphical chart weather forecasts; and (2) where available, timely hazard advisories for merchant mariners, including broadcasts of tropical cyclone forecasts and advisories, intermediate public advisories, and tropical cyclone updates to mariners via appropriate technologies. 
SEC. 217. ANONYMOUS SAFETY ALERT SYSTEM. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall establish an anonymous safety alert pilot program. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The pilot program es-tablished under subsection (a) shall provide an anonymous reporting mechanism to allow crew members to communicate urgent and dire safety concerns directly and in a timely manner with the Coast Guard. 
SEC. 218. MARINE SAFETY IMPLEMENTATION STATUS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than December 19 of 2018, and of each of the 2 subsequent years thereafter, the Commandant shall pro-vide to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a briefing on the status of implementa-tion of each action outlined in the Com-mandant’s final action memo dated Decem-ber 19, 2017, regarding the sinking and loss of the vessel El Faro. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the De-partment of Homeland Security Inspector General shall report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives on the status of the Coast Guard’s implementation of each action out-lined in the Commandant’s final action memo dated December 19, 2017, regarding the sinking and loss of the vessel El Faro. 
SEC. 219. DELEGATED AUTHORITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall review the authori-ties that have been delegated to recognized organizations for the alternative compliance program as described in subpart D of part 8 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, and, if necessary, revise or establish policies and procedures to ensure those delegated au-thorities are being conducted in a manner to ensure safe maritime transportation. (b) BRIEFING .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall provide to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a briefing on the implemen-tation of subsection (a). TITLE III—CENTER OF EXPERTISE 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Coast Guard Blue Technology Center of Expertise Act’’. 
SEC. 302. COAST GUARD BLUE TECHNOLOGY CEN-TER OF EXPERTISE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act and subject to the availability of appropria-tions, the Commandant may establish under section 58 of title 14, United States Code, a Blue Technology center of expertise. (b) M
ISSIONS .—In addition to the missions listed in section 58(b) of title 14, United States Code, the Center may— (1) promote awareness within the Coast Guard of the range and diversity of Blue Technologies and their potential to enhance Coast Guard mission readiness, operational performance, and regulation of such tech-nologies; (2) function as an interactive conduit to enable the sharing and dissemination of Blue Technology information between the Coast Guard and representatives from the private sector, academia, nonprofit organizations, and other Federal agencies; (3) increase awareness among Blue Tech-nology manufacturers, entrepreneurs, and vendors of Coast Guard acquisition policies, procedures, and business practices; (4) provide technical support, coordination, and assistance to Coast Guard districts and the Coast Guard Research and Development Center, as appropriate; and (5) subject to the requirements of the Coast Guard Academy, coordinate with the Acad-emy to develop appropriate curricula regard-ing Blue Technology to be offered in profes-sional courses of study to give Coast Guard cadets and officer candidates a greater back-ground and understanding of Blue Tech-nologies. (c) B
LUE TECHNOLOGY EXPOSITION ; BRIEF-
ING.—Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Com-mandant shall provide to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a briefing on the costs and ben-efits of hosting a biennial Coast Guard Blue Technology exposition to further inter-actions between representatives from the private sector, academia, and nonprofit orga-nizations, and the Coast Guard and examine emerging technologies and Coast Guard mis-sion demands. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
ENTER .—The term ‘‘Center’’ means the Blue Technology center of expertise estab-lished under this section. (2) C
OMMANDANT .—The term ‘‘Com-mandant’’ means the Commandant of the Coast Guard. (3) B
LUE TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘‘Blue Technology’’ means any technology, system, or platform that— (A) is designed for use or application above, on, or below the sea surface or that is otherwise applicable to Coast Guard oper-ational needs, including such a technology, system, or platform that provides contin-uous or persistent coverage; and (B) supports or facilitates— (i) maritime domain awareness, includ-ing— (I) surveillance and monitoring; (II) observation, measurement, and mod-eling: or (III) information technology and commu-nications; (ii) search and rescue; (iii) emergency response; (iv) maritime law enforcement; (v) marine inspections and investigations; or (vi) protection and conservation of the ma-rine environment. The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REQUIRING FEDERAL RAILROAD ADMINISTRATION TO PROVIDE CONGRESSIONAL NOTICE OF SAFETY ASSESSMENTS Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 1093) to require the Federal Railroad Adminis-tration and the Federal Transit Au-thority to provide appropriate Congres-sional notice of safety audits con-ducted with respect to railroads and rail transit agencies, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1093 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. NOTICE OF SAFETY AUDITS. 
(a) I NITIAL NOTICE .—Not later than 10 days after beginning a safety audit of a railroad or rail transit agency, the Federal Railroad Administration or the Federal Transit Au-thority shall notify the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and each member of Congress rep-resenting a State through which the railroad or transit agency operates service, of the be-ginning of that audit. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after completion of a safety audit described in subsection (a), the Federal Railroad Admin-istration or the Federal Transit Authority shall transmit to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and to each member of Congress rep-resenting a State through which the railroad or transit agency operates service, a report describing the results of that audit. 
COMMITTEE AMENDMENT IN THE NATURE OF A  
SUBSTITUTE  
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the committee amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
SECTION 1. NOTICE OF COMPREHENSIVE SAFETY ASSESSMENTS. 
(a) I NITIAL NOTICE .—Not later than 10 busi-ness days after the Federal Railroad Adminis-tration initiates a comprehensive safety assess-ment of an entity providing regularly scheduled 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27SE7.022 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9139 September 27, 2018 
intercity or commuter rail passenger transpor-tation, the Federal Railroad Administration shall notify in electronic format the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and each member of Congress rep-resenting a State in which the service that is the subject of the assessment being conducted is lo-cated, of the initiation of that assessment. (b) F
INDINGS .—Not later than 90 days after completion of a comprehensive safety assessment described in subsection (a), the Federal Railroad Administration shall transmit in electronic for-mat to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and to each mem-ber of Congress representing a State in which the service that is the subject of the assessment being conducted is located, its findings of that assessment, including identified defects and any recommendations. (c) D
EFINITION .—For purpose of this section, the term ‘‘comprehensive safety assessment’’ means a focused review of the safety-related processes and procedures, compliance with safe-ty regulations and requirements, and overall safety culture of an entity providing regularly scheduled intercity or commuter rail passenger transportation. 
Mr. DENHAM (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. The committee amendment was agreed to. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to require the Fed-eral Railroad Administration to pro-vide appropriate congressional notice of comprehensive safety assessments conducted with respect to intercity or commuter rail passenger transpor-tation.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN REMEM-BRANCE OF CAPTAIN CONNOR BEDNARZYK (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, it is with profound sadness that I rise today with my colleagues to honor the life and the memory of Connor Bednarzyk, who tragically passed away on September 7 in an armored vehicle accident near Fort Benning, Georgia. Connor was 25 years old. Captain Bednarzyk grew up in Doylestown, Pennsylvania, where, even at a young age, he demonstrated su-perb leadership. A 2011 graduate of Cen-tral Bucks East High School, where he lettered in football, baseball, and wres-tling, he went on to attend Penn State University on an ROTC scholarship. He graduated with a degree in security risk analysis, graduating in the top 10 percent of ROTC graduates in the en-tire United States. An Army Ranger, Captain Bednarzyk was assigned to the 3rd Battalion, 75th Ranger Regiment, at Fort Benning. In his time in the Army, he was awarded the Ranger Tab, the Air Assault Badge, the Army Parachutist Badge, and the Expert Infantryman’s Badge. He previously deployed to Kosovo, where he conducted training exercises and led U.S. troops on a peacekeeping mission with NATO forces and local military. Captain Bednarzyk is an American hero. While his life was tragically cut short, his service to our community and to our Nation will forever live on. His courage and his determination to succeed are truly inspirational. We send our deepest condolences to Captain Bednarzyk’s parents, Casey and Ruth, along with his brother Kevin and grandfather Francis. Thank you for sharing his life with us. Rangers lead the way. Connor Bednarzyk led the way. I now ask my colleagues to join me in a moment of silence for an American hero, Connor Bednarzyk. f 
HONORING MS. LAURA WOOTEN (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Laura Wooten for her dedication and service to America’s voters. Ms. Wooten has been a poll worker in New Jersey for 79 consecutive years. She has dedicated her life to helping people vote, regardless of their party or position. Ms. Wooten is the longest serving poll worker in New Jersey. She is like-ly the longest serving poll worker in our Nation. In fact, she has helped ad-minister elections through the admin-istration of 14 Presidents, from Frank-lin Delano Roosevelt to Donald J. Trump. Ms. Wooten is 97 years old, and she will once again perform her duties as a poll worker in New Jersey in November with her characteristic pride, grace, and smile. Ms. Wooten is a role model for all people and a reminder that every vote counts. And, as she likes to say, voting is important. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Ms. Laura Wooten by reminding all Americans, regardless of party or position, to just vote. 
f 
WORLD PHARMACISTS DAY (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to celebrate September 25 as World Pharmacists Day 2018. I am glad we have a day to recognize the pharmacy profession, which plays a crucial role in keeping American peo-ple healthy. Across our country, there are around 67,000 pharmacies that fill an average of 12.2 million prescriptions every day. Further, pharmacists are consist-ently ranked among the most trusted healthcare providers, an important sta-tistic because of the responsibility the profession carries. With the current opioid epidemic, pharmacists are possibly more impor-tant than ever before because of their position on the frontlines of patients’ access to prescription drugs. As the only pharmacist currently serving in Congress, I am glad to see the growing number of young people entering the pharmacy profession, working to make people healthier every day. Thank you to all our pharmacists across the country. f 
b1630 NATIONAL CYBERSECURITY AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate National Cybersecu-rity Awareness Month, which begins October 1. As the cofounder and co- chair of the Congressional Cybersecu-rity Caucus with my good friend Chair-man M
IKEMCCAUL, I firmly believe that cybersecurity is the national and economic security challenge of the 21st century. I also believe that each of us has a role to play in staying safe on-line. During each of the 4 themed weeks of Cybersecurity Awareness Month, the Department of Homeland Security and its partners across the government and the private sector will highlight dif-ferent aspects of cybersecurity, from the challenges faced by our critical in-frastructure to the steps individuals can take to make their homes a safe haven for online safety. I encourage all my colleagues to take the opportunity to bring these mes-sages back to their home districts. From senior centers to local chambers of commerce, the cybersecurity aware-ness events that I hold with our State cybersecurity officer, Mike Steinmetz, and the great team at the Rhode Island Joint Cyber Task Force have helped people across the Ocean State better protect themselves online. I look forward to another successful Cybersecurity Awareness Month. 
f 
TAX REFORM PACKAGE (Mr. WILLIAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I take this time to speak about a piece of leg-islation on the floor tomorrow, H.R. 6760, the Protecting Family and Small Business Tax Cuts Act of 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27SE7.024 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9140 September 27, 2018 
This is the third and final bill of the tax reform 2.0 package that Repub-licans have been working so hard on. As the constituents of Texas’ 25th Dis-trict know, I have been fighting for a commonsense business owners’ perspec-tive on tax reform since day one. Less than a year ago, we passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Since then, there are more jobs; Americans are see-ing higher wages; and Main Street can finally breathe again. While all this is great, there has al-ways been the uncertainty of knowing that these cuts would expire in 2025, something I have been fighting to change. I am happy to report that with tax reform 2.0, tax cuts will be made per-manent for families, workers, and small-business owners across this coun-try. Regrettably, Mr. Speaker, I will be unable to cast my vote in favor for tax reform 2.0 tomorrow. My youngest daughter, Sabrina, is getting married. While I have a duty as a United States Congressman, I first have a duty as a father and would not miss her wedding day for anything in the world. I hope everyone understands my decision back home and here. This vote is historic, and I am ex-cited to watch this economy flourish to grow because of it. In God we trust. 
f 
HONORING AIRMAN APPRENTICE JOSEPH NAGLAK (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay respect to the remarkable life of Airman Appren-tice Joseph Min Naglak of Navy Sta-tion Norfolk. Airman Apprentice Naglak was born in South Korea and adopted by Ken-neth M. and Jeanne Rand Naglak of West Windsor, New Jersey. He grad-uated from West Windsor Plainsboro High School in 2015 where he lettered in varsity football and took time to learn automotive restoration. Airman Apprentice Naglak studied homeland security at Monmouth Uni-versity before enlisting in April of 2017. He lived with his fiancee, Nicole Weber, and was an active and energetic volun-teer with the Special Olympics. His life was cut short in an accident last week aboard the USS George H.W. Bush. In speaking of his courage and patriotism, his sister said: ‘‘He wanted to join the Navy to give back to a country who gave him so much. He was everything that I hoped to be one day, and he should always be remembered as a hero with a big heart.’’ I send my condolences to the family and the friends of Airman Apprentice Naglak. I express my sincere gratitude for his service and his sacrifice, and I ask that my colleagues join me in a moment of silence recognizing his her-oism and his sacrifice to our country. Rest in peace, Airman Naglak. f 
NATIONAL SUICIDE PREVENTION MONTH (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, Sep-tember is National Suicide Prevention Month, reminding us that we lose too many to suicide each and every day. Unfortunately, suicide is all too com-mon among the men and women who have served our Nation in uniform, a population that is particularly at risk of suicide. In fact, the VA estimates that 20 vet-erans and servicemembers lose their lives each and every day, and veterans are 22 percent more likely to commit suicide than nonvets. Among female veterans, the risk of suicide is a stag-gering 250 percent higher. Veterans are just 10 percent of the U.S. population but constitute 20 per-cent of suicides. Measures like the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention Act, which we have already passed into law, are al-ready making a difference, but even one veteran suicide is too many. We should always remind our vet-erans, Mr. Speaker, and those who are in need, that there are always ways to get help. Veterans can always call the VA’s crisis hotline 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF FRONT RANGE COMMUNITY COLLEGE (Mr. POLIS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in rec-ognition of the 50th anniversary of Front Range Community College in Colorado, which I am proud to rep-resent. The college first opened in 1968 with only 2,000 students enrolled in a few programs. Today, they have campuses in Fort Collins, Westminster, Longmont, and Brighton—28,000 stu-dents, over 160 degree and certificate programs. Over the years, FRCC has seen con-tinual enrollment increases, serving even more students. Go, Wolves. During my time in Congress, I have worked with FRCC to reduce the cost of textbooks, expand access to dual and concurrent enrollment programs with our school districts, support career and technical education, and ensure stu-dents who have obtained credits are able to get their associate’s degree. We recognize the hard work and per-severance of the students and the staff at Front Range Community College as we celebrate the 50th birthday of Front Range Community College and how it has helped transform people’s lives and communities across Colorado. For 50 years, Front Range Commu-nity College has fostered successful lives and strong futures for everybody. Congratulations and happy birthday, FRCC. f 
RECOGNIZING CREWMEMBERS OF NAVY FLETCHER CLASS DE-STROYER COMMISSIONED 1942– 1969 (Mr. YOHO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and privilege to recognize the crewmembers of the USS Cony, a Navy Fletcher Class destroyer that was com-missioned from 1942 to 1969. I would like to welcome the esteemed ship-mates and their families to Wash-ington, D.C., as they celebrate their 36th annual reunion. During World War II and the Korean war, the USS Cony protected and trans-ported goods throughout Asia and the Pacific. The USS Cony received 13 bat-tle stars for its service and outstanding achievement that deserves recognition today. The Cony and its crewmembers also played a crucial role in defending the U.S. during the Cuban Missile Crisis, and I commend the valiant efforts of the men and women who served this country while aboard the USS Cony. Although the Cony was decommis-sioned long ago, her legacy lives on today. Thank you to all the members, past and present, of the United States military for your service and sacrifice. 
f 
WORK HIGHLIGHTS (Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I stand with Democrats for the people. Republicans want to repeal the Af-fordable Care Act, risking healthcare for 24 million newly enrolled Ameri-cans and 129 million with preexisting conditions. I stand with the people. That is why I held a healthcare roundtable listening session where 53 healthcare administrators attended, talking about strengthening the ACA, improving the delivery and access to healthcare, and addressing social det-riments. Making homeownership a reality for Americans, I stand with the people. Democrats on the Financial Services Committee want to expand affordable housing and provide more homeowner-ship opportunities to people like Mrs. Joyce Mayne, who, at 75 years of age a few weeks ago, purchased her first home on her birthday. Happy birthday, Mrs. Mayne. It was with the help of a nonprofit, Homeport, and the low-in-come housing tax credit. We are working to fix our broken im-migration system. Right now, Mr. Speaker, families in my district are being ripped apart, like Edith Espinal and members of the Mauritanian, So-mali, Latin American, and Central 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.068 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9141 September 27, 2018 
American communities. In the nearly 365 days, Edith has been in sanctuary, my staff and I have met with her fam-ily, legal representatives, advocates, and community stakeholders. 
f 
#KEEPINGTHECRUMBS (Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, like every American, every Member of Congress has a lower tax rate because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Every Democrat voted against this law. It was mocked as mere crumbs. Well, folks back home have a ques-tion for House Democrats: #keepingthecrumbs? The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ended the death tax. The junior Senator from California said repealing the death tax is ‘‘a giveaway to those at the top, not something that will create jobs.’’ Here is a response from a friend back home in Fort Bend County, Dan McDonald. Dan says, ‘‘E-I-E-I-O.’’ Dan’s comments are echoed by those of Rosenberg Tractor’s Gary Allred. Gary says, ‘‘Getting rid of the death tax keeps jobs right now and adds jobs in the future because Texans can keep their lands, pass them on to their kids, grandkids, and great-grandkids for all eternity. Let’s step up and pass version 2 and get #keepingthecrumbs. 
f 
HONORING WARREN G. GOSS (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize U.S. Army Private First Class Warren Goss. A western Pennsylvania native, War-ren answered the call to defend his country and joined the U.S. Army in July of 1943 at the age of 18. He was de-ployed to the European theater where he underwent training for the D-day in-vasions as a rifleman. Under heavy enemy fire and without air support, Warren and his fellow com-rades were some of the first soldiers to bravely storm the beaches of Nor-mandy, succeeding in their mission to secure a German communications tower. Afterward, Warren was transferred to the 70th Division’s 274th K Company, where he continued to fight in France and across Europe until the end of the war. Upon returning home, Warren met his wife, Mary, and fathered two daughters, Rhonda and Paula. For his heroic actions to liberate France, Warren was recently made a Chevalier of the National Order of the Legion of Honour, France’s highest order of merit for military and civil merits. Congratulations, Warren, on receiv-ing this distinct honor, and thank you for your valiant and selfless service to our Nation. f 
PAKISTAN IS STILL HARBORING TERRORISTS (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the State Department has released its an-nual country report on terrorism. Terrorist attacks are down world-wide, but there are still frustrating de-tails that we must expose. The biggest frustration is that Pakistan, a so- called major non-NATO ally, continues to harbor terrorist groups that target the United States and its allies. The report says that the Taliban, the Haqqani Network, LeT, and JeM, all terrorist groups, they all still operate in safe havens in Pakistan. Some are able to raise money, recruit, and train in Pakistan. For too long, I, as well as others, have come to this floor to point out Pakistan’s duplicitous behavior. When will we stop appeasing Pakistan and sending billions in American money to these fake friends, money that ends up in the hands of terrorists who make war on America? We must designate Pakistan as a state sponsor of terrorism, then revoke their major non-NATO ally status. Then we must go after these terrorist groups. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
b1645 THE TRAJECTORY OF GOVERNMENT SPENDING The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
ANFORD ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, with due respect to my colleague from Okla-homa who has been kind enough to yield me a bit of time, what I am going to do is yield to him, ultimately, and he will take the bulk of this time. I just was thinking the other night about the larger issue of government spending, and I would just like to walk through a couple of numbers here in a few minutes on its importance, because we have a big tax vote tomorrow. We had one today, and we had a vote be-fore that, I guess the day before that, tied to spending and what the trajec-tory looks like on that front here at the Federal level. But I want us to step back for one second and look at the bigger picture on why containing spending is so im-portant and why it is not so important in our kids’ or grandkids’ time, but why it is so important right now. I think it is interesting, if you were to look at the words of Erskine Bowles, the words of Sir Alex Fraser Tytler, the words of Paul Kennedy, and the words of your local fifth grade elemen-tary school teacher, what you would find is an amazing correlation between all four of them. It was Erskine Bowles, who was, I guess, former President Clinton’s former Chief of Staff who said that we are walking toward the most predict-able financial crisis in the history of man. As we remember, they put together the Bowles-Simpson Commission of 2010. That ultimately led to the seques-tration that we are in the process of getting rid of, but it was a ‘‘nuclear weapon’’ that said we have got to do something, yet we haven’t. If you look at the words of Sir Alex Fraser Tytler, he was a Scottish histo-rian who lived in the 1800s, and his words, after looking at world history over the whole of his life, were that a democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government. It can only exist until the voters discover that they can vote for themselves largesse from the public treasury, with the result that a democracy always fails under loose fis-cal policy and is generally followed by a dictatorship. The average age of the world’s great civilizations has been 200 years. These nations have progressed through this sequence: from bondage to spiritual faith, spiritual faith to great courage, great courage to liberty, liberty to abundance, abundance to selfishness, selfishness to complacency, compla-cency to apathy, apathy to depend-ency, and dependency back again into bondage. And indeed, if you look at the timeline of civilizations across the an-nals of history, what you see is that up and down of the way that civilizations have come and gone. And it was Paul Kennedy, in his book ‘‘The Rise and Fall of the Great Pow-ers,’’ who talked about how, tradition-ally, open political systems have basi-cally spent their way into oblivion and that the largest thing that you used to be able to buy was a standing army— nowadays, the largest thing that you can buy is entitlement spending—but that in every instance, a civilization came to a tipping point wherein they had to decide: Do we go back to what made us competitive and, perhaps, a world power in the first place or not? And that dovetails, actually, with another book that was written, enti-tled, ‘‘This Time It’s Different,’’ by professors from Harvard and University of Maryland. They looked at the last 800 years of financial history and they found, in every instance, civilizations got to this same point, which brings me back to the local fifth grade math teacher. One plus one equals two, period. Numbers always work. Can they be ma-nipulated? Yes. But at the end of the day, in the same way that gravity works, numbers work. So I think that we just need to ac-knowledge that we are living in a weird 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.069 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9142 September 27, 2018 
time. Debt, deficit, and government spending are not things that are talked about in Washington, D.C., as they should be, and what we are doing is we are hoping that things will get better. We are hoping that economic growth will take care of the problem. Well, it might, but it was Gordon Sullivan, former Chief of Staff of the United States Army, who wrote a book entitled, ‘‘Hope Is Not a Method.’’ Hope, indeed, is not a method. It may work out that way, but it may not, and, therefore, we have got to be really prudent with the way that we budget and spend going forward, given the im-plications of what history has said will come our way if we don’t get the num-bers right. So that leads me to a few numbers I would just like to share with you, and these numbers are interesting in what they point to. They point to the fact that this is not a problem for our grandchildren or for our children. This is a problem that is coming down the pike really fast. If you look at the Congressional Budget Office numbers over the next 10 years, what they show is that we are running trillion-plus deficits on a year-ly basis and that there is going to be a snowballing effect with regard to debt to GDP, that we are going to get to spaces that we have never been to be-fore in peaceful times. That is what this chart refers to right here. A lot of people say we don’t really need to do something that much be-cause we got into a real problem—if I pull that chart over this way—back at the time of World War II. We were over 100 percent debt to GDP, and we are just not that far right now, 79 percent. But that doesn’t include the social safety net promises that are built into the budget. If you include those off-bal-ance sheet promises that are real-world promises and that do have to be paid, we are actually up around 107 percent, which is not that far from the 106 per-cent or 119 percent that we saw in the wake of exhausting ourselves after World War II as we fought against the Japanese and Nazi Germany for our very survival. If you do an apples-to-apples com-parison and include, again, the social safety net payments that weren’t in place at the time of World War II, we are eerily close to that all-time high that we saw in the wake of World War II. That is just sort of a little bit longer perspective. Going back to the CBO numbers that I was just referring to, again, we are going to be hitting the trillion-dollar mark year in and year out, year in and year out, and that is without a reces-sion, which is really the point of what I wanted to get to. Well, before I get to it, actually, let me take one last snapshot. If you look at sort of blood and tur-nips, you can only squeeze so much blood out of a turnip is the saying. If you look at the long run, we have taken about 17
1⁄2, a little shy of 20 per-cent of the gross product of everything that we do in this country has gone off to the Federal Government, and we have been consistently spending a lit-tle bit more than that 20 percent here over the last 50 years. Those numbers really begin to grow as we have the baby boomers retiring. So what we have is a math and demo-graphic trap that, unless we get ahead of it, is going to, again, have profound problems and implications in terms of the value of the currency, in terms of, ultimately, the future inflation, in terms of the value of everything that you or I may have saved to date. We have been on a spending binge and a debt binge not just as a country, but around the world. So if you look at the numbers that we were all troubled by back in 2007, the spike that we saw in 2008, 2009 with the financial crisis, which was the worst crisis that we have seen since the Great Depression, we thought that there would be a deleveraging after that, but, in fact, the reverse has occurred. There is $68 trillion worth of new debt around the globe, and so we have seen roughly 300 percent increases in China. We have seen that, more than that in the United States. We have seen that in Spain. We have seen well more than that in Japan. Debt has gone up, not down. In other words, we are more susceptible to a financial storm than we were at the time of the financial crisis back in the mid-2000s. Add to that, if you look at what is happening in most of the developed world, they are actually doing a bit of deleveraging. America is outside of that norm on that front. But here is the part that I want to get to, and there are a lot of other charts on a different night that I would like to walk through. But if you look at, again, the numbers, those CBO numbers basically anticipate that we are not in for a recession right now. If the recession comes soon, our numbers balloon in terms of debt and deficits going forward, so that makes it that much more relevant if you look at the history of recessions. The average recession, basically over the last 50 years—excuse me—the aver-age economic expansion has been about 58 months before a recession came along. We are now in the second long-est economic recovery in American his-tory. Now, when it ends, I don’t know. But what I do know is that trees don’t grow to the sky, and when you begin to go to the point where you are, in essence, double the average that we have seen since World War II, you know that we have to be not too far from the next re-cession, which, again, will have incred-ible implications in terms of debt and deficit going forward. Let me give you a few other indica-tors that say that that recession and, again, the spiking of deficits and the spiking of debt that will come with it is not too far. We are now in the longest bull mar-ket in American history. Again, think about that. Think about the wealth ef-fect that comes with that and, again, the multiplier effect that that has in a consumer-driven economy, which is what we have in this country. We have had quite the run on that front. And not only has there been dura-tion, there has been levity, if you want to call it that, not in terms of humor, but we have seen the numbers really rise. We are now, in terms of PE, our price-to-earnings multiples, up around where we were at the time in 1928 of Black Tuesday, at about 32 times in terms of the average market pricing. This chart, I think, is really inter-esting. What it shows is that there have only been two other occasions in the history of our Republic over the last 70 years when we have had the kind of wealth effect that we have right now. One occurred—and this is, again, household net worth as a per-centage of disposable income in our country. Once it occurred just prior to the tech bubble bursting. The other time it occurred was just prior to the real estate boom bursting in 2008. Now we are at a level that is, again, more than 600 percent of household net worth as a percentage of disposable in-come, again, the highest level that we have ever seen over the last 70 years and a number that has only been prefaced twice: once, just prior to the tech bubble bursting, and the other time, just prior to the real estate bub-ble of 2008 bursting. Now, what does that mean? I don’t know exactly what it means, but if I am looking at any kind of trend line, you would say: I don’t know that it is good. It says the obvious. When I drive to Hilton Head Island, South Carolina, and I go into Sea Pines, the mansions of the 1970s are being torn down to make way for big houses now. The mansion of the 1970s is no longer a mansion; it is a little house that is a tear-down. People are wealthi-er than they have ever been. But what comes up oftentimes goes down, and I want to go into some of the wealth effect that has taken place here, which is what you have seen with this number right here. The Fed balance sheet has exploded, from about $800 billion in size to over $4 trillion in size. As we go on the op-posite side of the curve, deleveraging, it is going to have an impact on inter-est rates, which, again, is going to im-pact this debt and deficit number. This is yield curve flattening. In every instance over the last 70 years, within 10 months of the yield curve flattening, there has been a recession. Ours happens to be flattening right now. Finally, I would make this point in these couple of slides that I wanted to show, which is that the unemployment rates are bottoming out right now. In every instance over the last, again, 70 years, when that has occurred, there has been a recession within 9 months. There are a lot of other indicators for a different night that I would like to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.071 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9143 September 27, 2018 
walk through in terms of walking through why, again, the economic chal-lenges that are before us are, again, not in our grandkids’ time, not in our kids’ time, but in our time, which makes spending restraint that much more important. I have taken up more than my share of time for my dear colleague from Oklahoma, and I don’t want to burn through the entirety of his time, so I thank the gentleman from Oklahoma profusely for allowing me to walk through a couple of slides this evening. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
UNIFYING AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Okla-homa (Mr. R
USSELL ) is recognized for the remainder of the hour as the des-ignee of the majority leader. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, he was a soldier who had given 45 years of serv-ice to his country. 222 years ago, this month, he crafted a farewell address to the Nation. In it, he made no attempt to recount his time as a businessman, warrior, lawmaker, founder, Framer, battlefield commander, or President of a United States that he, more than any other, helped to create. b1700 Instead, George Washington, chose to offer ‘‘disinterested warnings of a part-ing friend,’’ which he felt were, impor-tant to the permanency of our felicity as a people. Leaders today departing public serv-ice might recount their personal jour-ney and thank those who shared some of their path. Washington’s final words were nothing of the sort. He chose, in-stead, to look far into the future and address all of us, the future. None of us can know it. We get occasional glimps-es of it by talking to older people, those a little further down the road. From them, we gain wisdom and counsel. Yet, sadly, each generation imagines that it faces unprecedented problems only to dismiss the counsels of the generation or two before them. We find it tough to absorb the Wisdom of Solomon when he stated, ‘‘There is nothing new under the Sun.’’ Another way to put it is this: Times change, people don’t. Taking this truth, what would George Washington say to us if he were here today? What counsels would he give our Nation? What relevance would it have? Fortunately, in this gleaming alabaster city that bears his name, we have rich archives to continue to hear from George Washington. Whether we are wise enough to heed Washington, is another matter altogether. Surprisingly, he gave no rec-ommendation for us to love liberty, as liberty is in the very fiber of the human race, and was certainly height-ened among the early Americans whose efforts had recently secured it. Instead, Washington made a vital observation while trying to give future Americans a heads-up. Here it is: Liberty does not secure independence. Washington knew a fallen mankind would flourish in liberty, and as such, Americans would be enticed to reduce and erode our independence for tem-porary gain or perceived future benefit. Instead of liberty, he identified unity as the essential factor to retain Amer-ican independence. At first ponder, this seems counter-intuitive. After all, unified efforts re-quire a certain accommodation to one another for greater good, necessitating an occasional deferential voluntary re-duction in one’s personal liberty. Unity achieves result without reduc-ing liberty through power, pen, stat-ute, or sword. For these reasons, Wash-ington told America that unity was the, ‘‘main pillar in the edifice of your real independence, the support of your tranquility at home, your peace abroad, of your safety, of your pros-perity, of that very liberty which you so highly prize.’’ Even after 242 years as a Republic, we still embody this idea in our national motto: e pluribus unum, a Latin phrase meaning, out of many—one. We see it in our pledge, with terms like ‘‘one Nation,’’ ‘‘indivisible,’’ but what of our behavior today? We still, on occasion, employ the words, but we deploy actions that could better be de-scribed as e pluribus pluribus. One hy-phenated nation and divisible. Washington warned of it: ‘‘But as it is easy to foresee that, from different causes and from different quarters, much pains will be taken, many arti-fices employed to weaken in your minds the conviction of this truth . . . that you should properly estimate the immense value of your national union to your collective and individual happi-ness; that you should cherish a cordial, habitual, and immovable attachment to it; accustoming yourselves to think . . . of it as . . . your political safety and prosperity; watching for its preser-vation with jealous anxiety; discountenancing whatever may sug-gest even a suspicion that it can in any event be abandoned; and indignantly frowning upon the first dawning of every attempt to alienate any portion of our country from the rest, or to en-feeble the sacred ties which now link together the various parts.’’ Washington’s words today read like stinging rebuke to all Americans. In-stead of guarding our institutions jeal-ously with cordial, habitual, and im-movable attachment, we in these au-gust Chambers across every aisle allow disruption to displace discourse, polar-ization to pass for politics, and resist-ance to replace result. Mr. Speaker, we stand condemned, but not irredeemable. Like any first step, admitting the problem is the path to recovery. How did we allow these congressional Chambers to suffer such infiltration? Our own history contains sharp lessons of discord, the loss of our own lawmakers by caning and shoot-ing—sometimes by our own selves; a preference for conflict over Constitu-tion, and a division so great that we ended up destroying each other on America’s fields and farms from Get-tysburg to Vicksburg. Washington’s warnings went unheeded a mere 100 years after he gave them. We self-corrected, but only after great harm to ourselves. It has been 150 years since we nearly de-stroyed each other. Are we on any more secure a path? It would appear from our treatment of each other and our view of our own Nation’s future that we are tempted to walk an old path. If that be the case, then taking counsel from George Washington might be a timely exercise. With regard to unity, we must realize we are all in the ship of state together. Crashing it on the rocks as we fight each other for control of the helm will deny any safe harbor we wish to obtain. Washington believed that we must view our unity as a sacred tie that links to-gether the various parts. ‘‘Citizens by birth or choice of a com-mon country, that country has a right to concentrate your affections. The name ‘American,’ which belongs to you in your national capacity, must always exalt the just pride of patriotism more than any appellation derived from local discriminations. With slight shades of difference you have the same religion, manners, habits, and political principles. You have a common cause fought in triumph together; the inde-pendence and liberty you possess are the work of joint counsels and joint ef-forts of common dangers, sufferings and successes. . . . your union ought to be considered as a main prop to your liberty, and that the love of one ought to endear you to the preservation of the other.’’ If the unity of our people be the main prop of our liberty, what was it that George Washington believed would knock out that prop? Warning number one and number two from George Washington, Geographical and Party Disunion: Washington be-lieved, ‘‘a government for the whole is indispensable.’’ When various parts of the country come to feel that they are more important than the others, they will ‘‘acquire influence within par-ticular districts to misrepresent the opinions and aims of other districts.’’ Disregarding government for some regional or geographical preference to suit our own interest is a sure way to erode our unity. Washington’s view of our government was to show ‘‘Respect for its authority, compliance with its laws, acquiescence in its measures, are duties enjoined by the fundamental maxims of true liberty.’’ Washington believed that the Con-stitution and its authentic amending was an act by the people upon them-selves, and that every American would naturally have an obligation to obey the established government for the ex-periment even to work. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.073 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9144 September 27, 2018 
‘‘All obstructions to the execution of the laws . . . designs to direct, control, counteract, or awe the regular con-stituted authorities, are destructive of this fundamental principle and a fatal tendency. They serve to organize fac-tion, to give it an artificial and ex-traordinary force; to put, in the place of the delegated will of the Nation the will of a party, often a small but artful and enterprising minority of the com-munity; and, according to the alter-nate triumphs of different parties, to make the public administration the mirror of the ill-concerted and incon-gruous projects of faction, rather than the organ of consistent and wholesome plans digested by common counsels and modified by mutual interests.’’ Washington foresaw that geo-graphical interests could coalesce around party preferences, with urban and rural, coastal and inland, northern and southern, eastern and western, forming the basis by which we would try to empower ourselves with party faction to obtain the interests of one rather than the interests of all. For our government to work for the whole Nation, he encouraged us to ‘‘re-member that time and habit are at least as necessary to fix the true char-acter of governments as of other human institutions.’’ For example, we understand that it takes time for a child to become an adult, or that an adult, in time, must master his or her skills and experience to succeed in work or creativity. Yet, somehow, we imagine that the difficult things of government can be solved in months, when in the natural flow of life, it takes years and decades to se-cure true accomplishment. Even if we were able to accept this wisdom, we find ourselves provoked to what Washington called, ‘‘the spirit of revenge’’ among parties as one faction would alternate domination over the other. Washington warned that it was, ‘‘natural to party dissension, which in different ages and countries has perpet-uated the most horrid enormities, is itself a frightful despotism. But this leads at length to a more formal and permanent despotism. The disorders and miseries which result gradually in-cline the minds of men to seek security and repose in the absolute power of an individual; and sooner or later the chief of some prevailing faction, more able or more fortunate than his com-petitors, turns this disposition to the purposes of his own elevation, on the ruins of public liberty.’’ Washington warned that party fac-tion would always distract public co-operation, weakening our government’s ability to function. Loyalty to party over the Nation would, in his phrases, agitate communities, kindle animos-ity, foment occasional riot and insur-rection, and open the door for foreign influence and corruption to weaken the Nation. He also warned of those using patri-otism and liberty as their justification to stress the Nation, rising in their deep conviction with the spirit of party and urgency. Admitting that there would be some indulgence for this, if not favor, he warned that such a spirit was not to be encouraged. He called upon all Americans to not fan these embers as they were ‘‘a fire not to be quenched, it demands a uni-form vigilance to prevent its bursting into flame, lest, instead of warming, it should consume.’’ Warning number three, The En-croachment of National Leaders: Wash-ington warned that national leaders ‘‘to confine themselves within their re-spective constitutional spheres, avoid-ing in the exercise of the powers of one department to encroach upon another . . . The spirit of encroachment tends to consolidate the powers of all the de-partments in one, and thus to create, whatever the form of government, a real despotism . . . If, in the opinion of the people, the distribution or modi-fication of the constitutional powers be in any particular wrong, let it be cor-rected by an amendment in the way which the Constitution designates. But let there be no change by usurpation; for though this, in one instance, may be the instrument of good, it is the cus-tomary weapon by which free govern-ments are destroyed.’’ Warning number four, Religious Abandonment: For all of Washington’s warnings about political and party fac-tion, his remedy was very clear. So clear, in fact, that its absence, he said, would guarantee that our Nation would lack human rights. ‘‘Of all the dispositions and habits which lead to political prosperity, reli-gion and morality are dispensable sup-ports. . . . Let it simply be asked: Where is the security for property, for reputation, for life, if the sense of reli-gious obligation desert the oaths which are the instruments of investigation in courts of justice? And let us with cau-tion indulge the supposition that mo-rality can be maintained without reli-gion. Whatever may be conceded to the influence of refined education on minds of peculiar structure, reason and expe-rience both forbid us to expect that na-tional morality can prevail in exclu-sion of religious principle. . . . virtue or morality is a necessary spring of popular government. Who . . . can look with indifference upon attempts to shake the foundation of the fabric?’’ b1715 Warning number five, Public Debt and Weakened Defense: Washington had much to say about public credit. He believed it should be used as spar-ingly as possible. He also believed one sure way to preserve the national treasury would be to promote peace, but also to fund the government on time. Proper funding would secure the Nation, preventing greater cost to repel danger and burden the Nation with debt. Toward all national debts, Washington reminded all Americans that it took revenue to pay them. ‘‘The execution of these maxims be-longs to your representatives, but it is necessary that public opinion should cooperate. To facilitate to them the performance of their duty, it is essen-tial that you should practically bear in mind that towards the payment of debts, there must be revenue; that to have revenue, there must be taxes; that no taxes can be devised which are not more or less inconvenient and unpleas-ant.’’ For these reasons, Washington warned that our motives must be deci-sive in the expense of government and to choose wisely the objects that we should fund. To ignore this would weaken our Nation as a whole. Warning number six, Entangling and Favored Alliances: Washington’s view of foreign policy was to: ‘‘Observe good faith and justice towards all nations; cultivate peace and harmony with all. Religion and morality enjoin this con-duct; and can it be, that good policy does not equally enjoin it? It will be worthy of a free, enlightened nation, and at no distant period, a great na-tion, to give mankind the magnani-mous and too novel example of a people always guided by an exalted justice and benevolence.’’ Washington believed good morality would naturally create good foreign policy, fairness, and impartiality. He urged to treat all nations equally, ini-tially. He warned that adverse rela-tions with nations would result in poor policy and unnecessary conflict. Un-necessary favor to particular nations might pull us into conflict with some other where we may have had no quar-rel at all. Washington was passionate here: ‘‘Against the insidious wiles of foreign influence, I conjure you to believe me, fellow-citizens, the jealousy of a free people ought to be constantly awake, since history and experience prove that foreign influence is one of the most baneful foes of republican government. But that jealousy to be useful must be impartial.’’ His final warning, warning number seven, Partiality in Commerce: Wash-ington instructed: ‘‘The great rule of conduct for us in regard to foreign na-tions is in extending our commercial relations, to have with them as little political connection as possible.’’ Washington believed strong relations could be built upon commerce, keeping us in a fair and neutral position, pre-venting entanglement in disputes be-tween other nations. He urged to steer clear of permanent alliances, but, rath-er, that ‘‘we may safely trust to tem-porary alliances for extraordinary emergencies.’’ Washington argued commerce should be equal and impartial, neither seeking nor granting exclusive favors; to con-sult the natural course of things; to handle gently the natural streams of commerce; to force nothing; to define the rights of our merchants; to enter upon agreements in a temporary fash-ion, recognizing that from time to time such commerce could be abandoned or modified as needs and circumstances might dictate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.075 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9145 September 27, 2018 
Washington foresaw that, if we ex-pected disinterested favors from other nations without an equal benefit, there would be an accounting. He warned: ‘‘There can be no greater error than to expect or calculate upon real favors from nation to nation.’’ George Washington had no illusions that his warnings would endure to con-trol the Nation’s passions. He did hope, however, they ‘‘may be productive of some partial benefit, some occasional good; that they may now and then recur to moderate the fury of party spirit, to warn against the mischiefs of foreign intrigue, to guard against the impostures of pretended patriotism.’’ So where do we stand, Mr. Speaker, as a nation in these areas of warning? How are we doing on geographical and party disunion? We stand guilty of it. The average American citizen has only been to 8 of her 50 States, and our national leaders and our own people disrespect our Na-tion’s Capitol as a swamp. We see coastal cities referring to in-terior rural towns as ‘‘flyover coun-try,’’ not realizing that nearly all of their food comes from it, while rural areas declaring coastal regions would not be missed if they simply fell into the ocean, not realizing that these areas represent the bulk of national trade and economy. We see Americans electing the most polarized to the left or to the right, sending them to work in Washington, D.C., wondering why they can’t get along to get things done when they get here. We see elected leaders calling for dis-ruption and resistance rather than dis-course and result. We see chairs thrown through cam-pus windows because we cannot abide free speech. We see history expunged because we cannot abide free thought. We have abandoned accommodation, bypassed toleration, encouraged isola-tion, organized intimidation, and are set to pursue a path to castigation. What is next? Elimination of our Re-public? We must get reacquainted as Ameri-cans with unity, with the idea that the Nation comes before region, before party, before self. A republic is a mu-tual enterprise. We must relearn how to keep it. How are we doing on Washington’s warning of national leaders encroach-ing on each other’s branch of govern-ment or each other’s business? We complain of judges legislating from benches while we judge from our legislatures. We see executive branches move by power of decree rather than by power of consent. We see people ignore Federal author-ity while demanding Federal aid. We have eroded respected institu-tions as elected leaders abandon civil conduct in hearings, confusing disrup-tion, disrespect, and division somehow with democracy. We have deluded our-selves that rudeness is now a form of representation. If we cannot respect these hallowed institutions that we ourselves, as Americans, control, how can we pos-sibly receive respect in return from our fellow citizens as we look to lead gov-ernment? If we spent as much effort to watch our own lanes and make government business efficient rather than inflam-matory, we might just restore some re-spect to the greatest constitutional re-public that has ever existed. And, Mr. Speaker, it starts with us. And how about Washington’s warning on expecting morality without reli-gion? We have traded accommodation for castigation, abandoning the very reli-gious principles adorning all 13 of our original State constitutions, our own Declaration of Independence, Constitu-tion, and Bill of Rights. Every Chamber, hall, ceiling, nook, and corner of our Capitol is adorned with these foundational beliefs. In this very Chamber, ‘‘In God We Trust’’ is over the Speaker’s podium, and 97 per-cent of the Members of Congress claim these principles in their personal be-liefs. Why then have we become silent on free exercise of religion guaranteed in our Constitution? We have imagined that we can show respect without being respectful. We have encouraged and exchanged truth for a lie and now wonder why people are so uncivil to one another, and why we have faded hope, unclear vision, purpose, or reason to be a force for good in the world as a United States. Contrary to Washington’s warning, we imagine we can have morality with-out the free exercise of religion. We foolishly believe we can fix moral prob-lems with political solutions. I am of the belief we need to ask God’s forgive-ness. What of Washington’s warning on public debt, $20 trillion and counting? We demand thrift from each other but not from ourselves in our personal pocketbooks. The problem is so great today, but not greater than our people if we lead by our individual examples. We, the nationally elected leaders, are a reflection of America as a whole. Until Americans demand fiscal dis-cipline in themselves, it will be a long wait to expect it from those whom we elect. We, the people, have put ourselves into this situation by making demands of government to pay for all of our shortcomings. At some point, that pay-ment becomes due. We must ask less from the government and more from ourselves, solving our problems locally, together, without an invitation for government control. What of Washington’s warning on al-liances and trade? Rather than a fair and bilateral ap-proach to nations, we have entangled ourselves in multinational permanent agreements on trade, without the vi-sion to think that the circumstances may change. We have pledged long-term favored status by treaty as opposed to short- term agreements and objectives. We have a moral obligation to honor the agreements we have enjoined, but we would do well to heed Washington’s counsel to approach foreign relations commercially and have as little polit-ical connection to them as possible. Mr. Speaker, George Washington’s counsel is sorely needed today. We stand guilty in all seven of his warn-ings. We are guilty but not irredeem-able. Americans have a history of self- correction. Unfortunately, it often comes with some great distress or dis-aster. We can and must heed Washing-ton’s warnings now and correct by choice rather than by circumstance. As a combat infantryman, a warrior, returning home from more than two decades of personal service, who now has a political life, I have asked myself this question: How did we as Americans allow our voice to be co-opted by self-proclaimed cynics and critics on both sides of the political spectrum who have divided our great Nation? When did American zeal for innova-tion, sweat, and determination become replaced with intimidation, threat, and extermination of meaningful dialogue by pathetic keyboard commandos eat-ing their bags of Cheese Puffs while sunken into their couches? America has never been built on the labor and counsel of cynics and critics. Americans, we need to wake up. It is time to rekindle that spirit that united our country, ended enslavement, en-riched our land, advanced our arts and sciences, granted women’s suffrage, protested inequality, and protected the defenseless. Americans know the difference be-tween what is evil and what is good. b1730 The question we must now ask is whether we will unite and continue to live free or continue to attack our-selves, give way to cynicism, and watch America’s liberty and place in the world die. Thank God America is still full of men and women who know it is not the cynic and critic who dig the ditch, teach the child, inspire the solutions, or create the future. It is time for Americans to put Amer-ica before self again, to inspire, to lead, to unify, and to sacrifice. It starts with each of us sacrificing a few things, sac-rifice doubt, sacrifice anxiety, sacrifice cynicism. America cannot allow warriors like me to come home from a decade of fighting and war to see our Republic overcome by the self-indulgent, the di-visive, and the visionless. As visionary as we Americans and lovers of liberty claim to be, we will make little headway if our only an-swers to our friends and neighbors are mere sideline snipes about what is wrong with this country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.076 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9146 September 27, 2018 
Are we so shortsighted that we can-not accommodate dialogue, exchange ideas, and show some deference and re-spect to one another and rebuild our Nation? It is time for the American people to embrace what is right about our won-derful country, not what is wrong with it. Let us heed Washington’s warnings and get to work. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
f 
GEORGE WASHINGTON The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. C
HE-
NEY). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair rec-ognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Madam Speaker, I appreciated so much hearing the fan-tastic presentation about George Wash-ington. It was interesting in the last several months to hear a presentation by a biographer of Benjamin Franklin over at the Library of Congress. He was asked: Do you see anybody in America today, in politics, that re-minds you of Benjamin Franklin? He said: 
Well, I see, basically, a lot of different peo-ple with different parts of Franklin. He was brilliant, genius, funny, and clever. But it is not like he was George Wash-ington. There was only one of those. 
We heard from the director of the So-ciety of the Cincinnati, which has been around since the Revolution and is dedicated to the study of the Revolu-tion. It is particularly named for the Roman General Cincinnatus who had come from the farm, won a great cam-paign, and went back to the farm. George Washington, it is very clear, could have been emperor or czar, what-ever title he wanted. There were at least a couple efforts to have a mili-tary coup when the government was falling apart. Washington replied to one effort. They told him he didn’t even have to participate in the coup. They would even agree, when he didn’t want to serve or passed away, that they would honor whomever he chose as his subor-dinate. Basically, his response was: If you have any regard for me or this Na-tion, you will never mention such a no-tion to anyone again. What an incredible man George Washington was. He was a man of honor and a man of integrity. His word was his bond. That is why, for example, when he found out about Benedict Arnold, a man who was really the hero of the Battle of Saratoga—it wasn’t General Gates; it was really Benedict Arnold— he couldn’t believe it. It just crushed him to his soul that this great leader, Benedict Arnold, had turned on him and was ready to surrender him to the enemy. He just couldn’t believe, as such an incredible person of honor, that somebody he trusted would be such a traitor. We had a service in what was the largest Christian church in Washington for 60 or so years. That happened to be the old House Chamber down the hall. We had that last night led by Pastor Dan Cummins; his wife, JoAnne; and an incredible singer, Steve Amerson. I told people about the story of Isaac Potts. The big Potts family had land in Pennsylvania where Washington wintered his Army at Valley Forge. That was mainly on Potts land. Isaac Potts himself was a Quaker. He didn’t believe Christians should ever fight. He was out in the woods. A painting that depicted that scene was painted by Friberg. I am advised that there had been more prints made of that painting than any other American painting in history. It was Washington down on one knee beside his big, gray horse. He was praying to God. He had made mistakes as Commander of the United States, the Revolution. Potts heard him pray. He prayed out loud. In the painting he is seen with eyes closed basically looking down. My understanding is normally he looked up and spoke out in prayer. Alexander Hamilton found him on his knees praying in his tent many times early in the morning when he had to interrupt him for something impor-tant. But there he was, out in the snow. Potts listened to him. When Wash-ington got on his big, gray horse and rode back into Valley Forge, Potts hur-ried home. First, he told his wife and told oth-ers. This was something that was passed from Potts and his wife. They told it, and they retold it. It had an incredible impact on this strong, Christian Quaker, because he was totally against the Revolution. He thought it was a disastrous mistake. He felt like no one who was a Christian could participate in a revolution, in any kind of military operation. But there was fake news back in those days, too. There was a biographer in the early 1800s who was trying to disprove that George Washington was a man of faith, a Christian. Peter Lillback in his big, wonderful book regarding George Washington takes on all of that fake news back in the day. That includes the early biog-rapher’s account that everyone had heard the story about Isaac Potts. But he said that, in essence, he had talked to witnesses or people who thought it actually may not have ever happened. Kind of like news today, you don’t talk to the people who were actual wit-nesses. You talk to people who don’t know firsthand anything. All they know is hearsay, and they just happen to support your particular position. By the way, ‘‘George Washington’s Sacred Fire’’ is the name of Peter Lillback’s book. That night, Potts came back. We know what was said because it was re-peated over and over again by Isaac Potts and by his wife. His grand-daughter reduced it to writing. He said that Washington prayed out loud, and in his prayer, and this is quoting, ‘‘He utterly disclaimed all ability of his own for this arduous conflict.’’ We are talking about George Wash-ington, 6 foot 4, even though Chernow’s book said he was a little shorter than 6 foot 2. That was one of the numerous mistakes in Chernow’s book. There is no question at all. It is indisputable that when Washington in 1799 was flat on a slab, he was 6 foot 31⁄2. But, in any event, this big, athletic, courageous man of faith, according to Potts, ‘‘wept at the thought of that ir-retrievable ruin which his mistakes might bring on his country.’’ Potts said: ‘‘And with the patriot’s pathos spreading the interests of unborn mil-lions before the eye of Eternal Mercy, he implored the aid of that arm which guides the starry host.’’ Now, that is an incredible human being. His biographers, as the director of the Society of the Cincinnati had pointed out, say that there has never been anybody like him. When I was on islands south of India some years back on a trip where we had gone to check on our Special Forces, I had a leader there tell me: 
We are a new democracy, and we are al-ways hearing about a potential military coup to overthrow our elected government. 
He paused. He looked at me, and he said: 
We never had a George Washington to set the proper example here, so we are always worried about a coup. 
He was an incredible man. Potts said: ‘‘I have seen this day what I shall never forget. Till now, I have thought that a Christian and a soldier were characters incompatible; but if George Washington be not a man of God, I am mistaken, and still more shall I be disappointed if God do not through him perform some great thing for this country.’’ So Isaac Potts was talking about a man known since 1755 in the French and Indian War for his relentless cour-age, his leadership, and his faith. As he said of a battle of the French and In-dian War: 
That night when I took off my coat, I had bullet holes through and through my coat, but I had not a scratch on me. I took off my hat, and it had bullet holes through it. 
But he shook out his hair. Fragments flew everywhere. He said: Truly, I was protected by di-vine providence. And he truly was. Indians referred to him from that battle as the man God would not let die. He was such a man of honor and in-tegrity that set this country on a path to freedom and into being a light on the hilltop. As a former President of the Czech Republic told me last night here, he said: America has always been seen, even when we disagreed with it, as that light on the hilltop. It was a beacon. It was showing the way for truth. He said: You don’t have that light on the hill here anymore. We can get it back. But Washington, of course, in his ‘‘Farewell Address’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.078 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9147 September 27, 2018 
warned about the dangers of political parties. He encouraged us not to use them and not to have them. But we have. b1745 As I think about things that I was told by Africans in West Africa, what the former President of the Czech Re-public said last night, and so many comments in so many parts of the world about even when they disagreed with this, they knew America wanted to do what was right. They wanted to create fairness in the world. Yet, they provided hope for people around the world, like Natan Sharansky talked about in the Soviet Gulag when he heard the courageous comments of President Reagan. But when political parties, political operatives have more of the character-istics of the former hero of the Battle of Saratoga when he became a traitor, more desirous of their own political gain, their own personal gain, their own political power, than just doing what is right, this country as we have known it as a light on the hill, as so many countries around the world have known us for so long, it won’t be there. I deeply regret when I hear how some of our children have been educated, and you talk to some young people who think that socialism is a better way to go. They have never been taught that socialism, though it sounds lovely, has never worked. The only way you can have a social-ist country is if the government has all the power; the individual has no rights against the government; and the gov-ernment takes all, provides all, has complete discretion in what it thinks is fair and what is not fair. Individual rights, as we have been afforded in our Bill of Rights and our Constitution, have to go, in order to have a socialist country. It is heartbreaking to hear even peo-ple on this House floor talk about how important it is to move on to being a progressive—meaning a socialist, com-munist country—which basically is a denial of the rights and the limited power in the Constitution. It is actu-ally a breach of our oath to our Con-stitution to be pushing such an idea as socialism, communism, or progres-sivism, because you can’t have the rights under our Bill of Rights and have socialism, progressivism, com-munism. Back around 1960, 1961, Khrushchev appointed a committee to come up with a plan of how the Soviet Union would conveniently move to that nir-vana type of state where there was no more government and everyone shared and shared alike. But he eventually re-alized you can never have socialism or communism without a totalitarian government that does not afford its citizens rights that Americans have had in our history. Victor Davis Hanson has a great arti-cle from September 25, entitled: ‘‘We Are Living Orwell’s 1984.’’ It is well written, well reasoned. I said some months back—and was actually accurately quoted—when I said the only thing Orwell appears to have gotten wrong was the date. It wasn’t 1984. Instead of the eye in our homes watching for the government, they do it through our phones; they do it through our computers. They can do it through listening devices. Of course, what did we do on the House floor yesterday? We voted to given more power to the Federal Gov-ernment to get our bank records. With-out the need of honoring the Fourth Amendment, honoring the doctrine, the requirement of probable cause, without a warrant, the government can get your bank records. It won’t be too difficult to do, as if we needed to add more power to the Patriot Act at a time when we have seen how weaponized the Department of Justice, the FBI, and, to a lesser ex-tent, some of our intel has been weaponized. They need more power to just dis-regard warrants? Really? Hanson says: ‘‘Truth, due process, evidence, rights of the accused: All are swept aside in pursuit of the progressive agenda. ‘‘George Orwell’s 1949 dystopian novel ‘Nineteen Eighty-Four’ is no longer fiction. We are living it right now. ‘‘Google techies planned to massage Internet searches to emphasize correct thinking. A member of the so-called deep state, in an anonymous op-ed, brags that its ‘resistance’ is under-mining an elected President. The FBI, CIA, DOJ, and NSC were all weaponized in 2016 to ensure that the proper Presi-dent would be elected—the choice adju-dicated by properly progressive ide-ology. Wearing a wire is now redefined as simply flipping on an iPhone and re-cording your boss, boy- or girlfriend, or coworkers. ‘‘But never has the reality that we are living in a surreal age been clearer than during the strange cycles of Christine Blasey Ford’s accusations against Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh. ‘‘In Orwell’s world of 1984 Oceania, there is no longer a sense of due proc-ess, free inquiry, rules of evidence and cross-examination, much less a pre-sumption of innocence until proven guilty. Instead, regimented ideology— the supremacy of state power to con-trol all aspects of one’s life to enforce a fossilized idea of mandated quality— warps everything from the use of lan-guage to private life. ‘‘Senator D
IANNE FEINSTEIN and the other Democrats on the Senate Judici-ary Committee had long sought to de-stroy the Brett Kavanaugh nomina-tion. Much of their paradoxical furor over his nomination arises from the boomeranging of their own past polit-ical blunders, such as when Democrats ended the filibuster on judicial nomi-nations in 2013. They also canonized the so-called 1992 Biden Rule, which holds that the Senate should not con-sider confirming the Supreme Court nomination of a lame-duck President . . . in an election year. ‘‘Rejecting Kavanaugh proved a hard task, given that he had a long record of judicial opinions and writings—and there was nothing much in them that would indicate anything but a sharp mind, much less any ideological, ra-cial, or sexual intolerance. His personal life was impeccable, his family admi-rable. ‘‘Kavanaugh was no combative Rob-ert Bork, but congenial, and he pa-tiently answered all the questions asked of him, despite constant dem-onstrations and pre-planned street the-ater interruptions from the Senate gal-lery and often obnoxious grandstanding by ‘I am Spartacus’ Democratic Sen-ators. ‘‘So Kavanaugh was going to be con-firmed unless a bombshell revelation derailed the vote. And so we got a bombshell.’’ He goes on to talk about what has happened to Judge Brett Kavanaugh. He, in part, basically has indicated today, still showing class and respect, that he doesn’t doubt the allegations by Ms. Ford, but it certainly was not him. But if you look at her testimony, she has no hesitation in pulling out what she claims was an incident 35 years ago, maybe it was 34, maybe it was 36. Maybe it was at a home, maybe it wasn’t. Yet, she regales us with statements like she will never forget these details. Basically, they have haunted her whole life, even though we had been led to be-lieve this was some type of repressed memory that didn’t come out until she needed marital counseling and she was trying to save her marriage. But there was a time in America when someone who was shown to be a class person, a true, iconic judge, a Justice, would have hesitation by any-one wanting to destroy or assassinate their character. In America, if you are going to destroy the reputation of someone who spent a life building an excellent reputation as demonstrated by all those who knew him well, then you would be reluctant to come for-ward with a very hazy memory that had all kinds of holes in it. You would be reluctant to call names and name names that you haven’t named for 36 years. There was a time when character mattered so much. For someone who felt an injustice, a terrible thing, had been done to them, they would care so deeply and have such sympathy for others, wanting to avoid the kind of heartache they say they had experi-enced, that they would never want to falsely accuse anyone with a very faulty memory of something decades before. That was back, though, at a time when America was that light on the hill that other national statesmen from other countries had seen the United States as being. That was a time when character mattered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.079 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9148 September 27, 2018 
That was a time when people felt that our Founders had the right idea. We are not going to be like England and say you are guilty until you can prove yourself innocent. We were not going to take up such Orwellian stand-ards. Under the Founders’ principles, they felt it would be better to let somebody guilty go free than to imprison an in-nocent person. But things have changed. I think the light on the hill is still there. It is flickering. It may go out soon. But God has given us a chance to rekindle the fire. It won’t be rekindled, and it will be snuffed out for good if people in this building continue to put partisan poli-tics ahead of truth, honor, justice, and decency. b1800 So what happens from here is up to us. Those of us who are elected to serve in this government, we can follow the track that has been laid in recent days, or we can say we are going to get back to where character matters, people are innocent until proven guilty, and we don’t assassinate characters simply be-cause we disagree with them politi-cally, so any allegation we make, as Ted Kennedy once did of Robert Bork, as Harry Reid did of Mitt Romney—it is okay to lie about people if you are able to prevent them from serving hon-orably in government. We are at a crossroads, and I hope and pray—as Robert Frost was able to say—we can say someday, ‘‘. . . and I took the road less traveled by. And that has made all the difference.’’ Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 46. An act to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of Fort Ontario in the State of New York. H.R. 1551. An act to modernize copyright law, and for other purposes. H.R. 2259. An act to amend the Peace Corps Act to expand services and benefits for vol-unteers, and for other purposes. H.R. 4958. An act to increase, effective as of December 1, 2018, the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabil-ities and the rates of dependency and indem-nity compensation for the survivors of cer-tain disabled veterans, and for other pur-poses. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Madam Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 6 o’clock and 1 minute p.m.), the House adjourned until tomorrow, Friday, September 28, 2018, at 9 a.m. EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 6362. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — National Oil and Hazardous Substances Pollution Contingency Plan; Na-tional Priorities List: Deletion of the White-house Oil Pits Superfund Site [EPA-HQ- SFUND-1983-0002; FRL-9984-02-Region 4] re-ceived September 20, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6363. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; West Virginia; Regional Haze Plan and Visibility Requirements for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide and the 2012 Fine Particulate Matter Standards [EPA-R03-OAR-2018-0217; EPA-R03-OAR-2014- 0299; EPA-R03-OAR-2016-0373; FRL-9984-30-Re-gion 3] received September 20, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6364. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s withdrawal of direct final rule — Re-moval of EPA Mentor Protege Program [EPA-HQ-OARM-2018-0165; FRL-9984-39- OARM] received September 20, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6365. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Wyo-ming; Incorporation by Reference Updates [EPA-R08-OAR-2018-0389; FRL-9983-50-Region 8] received September 20, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6366. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Beauveria bassiana strain PPRI 5339; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0608; FRL- 9983-67] received September 20, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6367. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — National Oil and Hazardous Substances Pollution Contingency Plan; Na-tional Priorities List: Deletion of the Dorney Road Landfill Superfund Site [EPA-HQ- SFUND-2005-0011; FRL-9984-24-Region 3] re-ceived September 20, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6368. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — National Oil and Hazardous Substances Pollution Contingency Plan; Na-tional Priorities List: Deletion of the Union Chemical Co., Inc. Superfund Site [EPA-HQ- SFUND-1989-0011; FRL-9983-87-Region 1] re-ceived September 20, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6369. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Quality State Imple-mentation Plans; Approvals and Promulga-tions: Infrastructure Monitoring Require-ments for the 2008 Pb, 2010 SO2, 2010 NO2 and 2012 PM2.5 National Ambient Air Quality Standards; Utah [EPA-R08-OAR-2018-0388- 0001; FRL-9983-73-Region 8] received Sep-tember 20, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6370. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; TN: Re-visions to New Source Review [EPA-R04- OAR-2017-0050; FRL-9984-10-Region 4] re-ceived September 20, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6371. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Arkansas; Inter-state Transport Requirements for the 2012 PM2.5 NAAQS and Definition Update [EPA- R06-OAR-2017-0435; FRL-9983-35-Region 6] re-ceived September 20, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6372. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of Missouri Air Quality Implementation Plans; Redesigna-tion of the Missouri Portion of the St. Louis- St. Charles-Farmington, MO-IL 2008 Ozone Area to Attainment [EPA-R07-OAR-2017-0349; FRL-9983-68-Region 7] received September 20, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6373. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Idaho; Interstate Transport Requirements for the 2012 PM2.5 NAAQS [EPA-R10-OAR-2018-0509; FRL-9984-29-Region 10] received September 20, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6374. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Mis-souri; Regional Haze Plan and Prong 4 (Visi-bility) for the 2012 PM2.5, 2010 NO2, 2010 SO2, and 2008 Ozone NAAQS [EPA-R07-OAR-2018- 0211; FRL-9984-22-Region 7] received Sep-tember 20, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6375. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; North Carolina; Inspection and Maintenance Pro-gram [EPA-R04-OAR-2018-0020; FRL-9984-23- Region 4] received September 20, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6376. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; SC and TN; Regional Haze Plans and Prong 4 (Visi-bility) for the 2012 PM2.5, 2010 NO2, 2010 SO2, and 2008 Ozone NAAQS [EPA-R04-OAR-2018- 0073; EPA-R04-OAR-2018-0187; FRL-9984-20-Re-gion 4] received September 20, 2018, pursuant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27SE7.081 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9149 September 27, 2018 
to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6377. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a semi-annual report detailing telecommunications- related payments made to Cuba pursuant to Department of the Treasury licenses during the period from January 1 through June 30, 2018, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 6004(e)(6); Public Law 102-484, Sec. 1705(e)(6) (as amended by Public Law 104-114, Sec. 102)(g)); (110 Stat. 794); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6378. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 18-34, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 6379. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 18-35, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 6380. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 18-37, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 6381. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 18-36, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 6382. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 18-38, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 6383. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting notification that the Department of State authorized danger pay for U.S. Government civilian employees in Managua and Pyongyang, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 5928 and Sec. 131 of the Department of State Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1984 and 1985 (Public Law 98-164); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 6384. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Washington Island, WI [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0018; Airspace Docket No.: 17- AGL-20] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received September 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6385. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Los Angeles, CA [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-1202; Airspace Docket No.: 17-AWP-31] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received September 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6386. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0390; Product Identifier 2017-NM- 130-AD; Amendment 39-19397; AD 2018-18-18] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received September 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6387. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2018-0273; Product Identifier 2018-NM-017-AD; Amendment 39-19382; AD 2018-18-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Sep-tember 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6388. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Safe Harbor Explanations--Eligible Rollover Distributions (Notice 2018-74) re-ceived September 18, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6389. A letter from the Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legis-lative Affairs, Department of Justice, trans-mitting the Department’s initial report in accordance with the Social Security Number Fraud Prevention Act of 2017, Public Law 115-59 (Sept. 15, 2017); jointly to the Commit-tees on Oversight and Government Reform and Ways and Means. 6390. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, transmitting a draft of a bill to authorize a major medical facility project for the Department of Vet-erans Affairs for Fiscal Year 2019, and for major facility leases, pursuant to 38 U.S.C. 8104(a)(2); jointly to the Committees on Vet-erans’ Affairs and Appropriations. 6391. A letter from the Board Members, Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting the Board’s budget requests for Fiscal Year 2020, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1115(b); Public Law 111-352, Sec. 3; (124 Stat. 3867) and 45 U.S.C. 231f(f); Aug. 29, 1935, ch. 812, Sec. 7(f) (as amended by Public Law 93-445, Sec. 416); (97 Stat. 436); jointly to the Committees on Appropriations, Transportation and Infra-structure, and Ways and Means. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 6926. A bill to provide deferment to certain Federal student loan borrowers who are accruing aeronautical experience re-quired for airline transport pilot certifi-cation; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. BUCK (for himself and Mr. C
OSTA ): H.R. 6927. A bill to extend the jurisdiction of the Commodity Futures Trading Commis-sion to include the setting of reference prices for aluminum premiums, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. M
CNERNEY: H.R. 6928. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to impose a tax on fossil fuels and to use the revenues for economic benefit; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Workforce, Energy and Commerce, Science, Space, and Technology, and Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. SA´NCHEZ (for herself, Mr. POCAN , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. T AKANO , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. V EASEY , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. L
EE, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. M OORE , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. M CCOLLUM , and Mr. S
COTT of Virginia): H.R. 6929. A bill to improve the retirement security of American families by strength-ening Social Security; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. STEFANIK (for herself, Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. S
UOZZI , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. M ENG, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. E NGEL , Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY  of New York, Mr. F
ASO, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. T
ENNEY , Mr. R EED, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, and Mr. C
OLLINS of New York): H.R. 6930. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 10 Miller Street in Plattsburgh, New York, as the ‘‘Ross Bouyea Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Ms. MOORE (for herself, Mr. C
OLE, Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER , Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. W
ATSON COLE-
MAN, and Mr. K INGof New York): H.R. 6931. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to improve the health of children and help better understand and en-hance awareness about unexpected sudden death in early life; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. ABRAHAM (for himself, Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. B UCHANAN , Ms. S E-
WELL of Alabama, and Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana): H.R. 6932. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to improve home health payment reforms under the Medicare pro-gram; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BRADY of Texas (for himself and Mr. N
EAL): H.R. 6933. A bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to replace the windfall elimination provision with a formula equal-izing benefits for certain individuals with non-covered employment, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BERA: H.R. 6934. A bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to pro-vide additional reimbursement to schools with a breakfast after the bell program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L27SE7.000 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9150 September 27, 2018 
By Mr. BERA: H.R. 6935. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to provide for job training Federal Pell Grants and to increase support for working students; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. BERA (for himself, Ms. K
USTER  of New Hampshire, Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. K
ILMER , and Mr. M OULTON ): H.R. 6936. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allows a deduction for health insurance costs of eligible retirees; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BERA (for himself and Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire): H.R. 6937. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to improve health savings accounts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan: H.R. 6938. A bill to reduce the size of the Federal workforce through attrition, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Ms. CHENEY: H.R. 6939. A bill to protect and ensure mul-tiple use and public access to public lands in Wyoming per the request of the respective counties, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. COOK (for himself and Ms. J
UDY C
HUof California): H.R. 6940. A bill to provide access to and manage the distribution of excess or surplus property to veteran-owned small businesses; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. CRIST (for himself and Mr. M
ULLIN ): H.R. 6941. A bill to extend the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs regarding presumptions of service connection for dis-eases associated with exposure to herbicide agents, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 6942. A bill to authorize the Attorney General to make grants to States to provide the right to counsel in civil actions related to eviction, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. DINGELL: H.R. 6943. A bill to permit the Federal Trade Commission to implement and enforce the Telemarketing and Consumer Fraud and Abuse Prevention Act with respect to cer-tain common carriers, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. HECK (for himself, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Ms. M OORE , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ): H.R. 6944. A bill to establish centers of ex-cellence for innovative stormwater control infrastructure, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. HIMES (for himself, Ms. E
STY of Connecticut, and Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut): H.R. 6945. A bill to establish a competitive grant program assisting the development of innovative early learning curricula for low- income children; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. HIMES (for himself, Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY , and Mr. P OLIS): H.R. 6946. A bill to establish an Early Learning Challenge Fund to support States in building and strengthening systems of high-quality early learning and development programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. HIMES: H.R. 6947. A bill to provide for higher edu-cation reform; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. HOLDING (for himself and Mr. MOULTON ): H.R. 6948. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure equitable pay-ment for, and preserve Medicare beneficiary access to, diagnostic radiopharmaceuticals under the Medicare hospital outpatient pro-spective payment system; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. KINZINGER (for himself, Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. M CKINLEY , and Mr. T
ONKO ): H.R. 6949. A bill to amend the Energy Pol-icy and Conservation Act to establish the CHP Technical Assistance Partnership Pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself, Mr. C
OURTNEY , and Mr. C ICILLINE ): H.R. 6950. A bill to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain river segments within the Wood-Pawcatuck water-shed as components of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mrs. LAWRENCE (for herself, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Ms. M OORE , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. L EE, Ms. J
AYAPAL , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. M OULTON , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mrs. B
EATTY , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON  of Texas, Mr. R
USH, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. P
AYNE , Mrs. D EMINGS , Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mr. D ANNY  K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. V EASEY , Mr. A L G
REEN of Texas, Ms. M AXINE WATERS  of California, Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. T HOMPSON  of Mississippi, Mr. C
LAY, Ms. A DAMS , Ms. F
UDGE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. B
ASS, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , and Ms. L OFGREN ): H.R. 6951. A bill to amend the Safe Drink-ing Water Act to address lead contamination in school drinking water; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. LOWEY: H.R. 6952. A bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to credit prospectively in-dividuals serving as caregivers of dependent relatives with deemed wages for up to five years of such service; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. MENG (for herself, Ms. A
DAMS , Ms. B
ASS, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. J UDY C
HUof California, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. COHEN , Ms. D
ELAURO , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. G OMEZ , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. K
HANNA , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Ms. L EE, Ms. L OF-
GREN , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALO-
NEYof New York, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. R USH, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mr. S IRES, Mr. S
OTO, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. T ONKO , Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. V ELA, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, and Ms. M OORE ): H.R. 6953. A bill to amend subpart 1 of part A of title IV of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to provide States with the option of using grant funds to supply menstrual hygiene products to stu-dents; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. NEAL: H.R. 6954. A bill to provide for the carriage of certain television broadcast stations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. PANETTA: H.R. 6955. A bill to establish a procedure to revoke the security clearance of a special counsel appointed by the Attorney General, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. B
ACON , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. C RIST, Mr. P ANETTA , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. E VANS , Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. B EYER , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. D EUTCH , and Mr. K
HANNA ): H.R. 6956. A bill to permit the office of a Member of the House of Representatives to employ up to 4 paid interns under the office’s Members’ Representational Allowance with-out affecting the number of other employees whom the office may employ under such Al-lowance; to the Committee on House Admin-istration. By Mr. ROKITA (for himself, Mr. L
IPIN-
SKI, Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. R USSELL , and Mr. A
BRAHAM ): H.R. 6957. A bill to address the need for pilot development and encourage more indi-viduals to enter the field of aviation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida (for himself and Mr. W
ELCH ): H.R. 6958. A bill to provide for a study and report on the feasibility of basing reimburse-ment rates for Medicare part B drugs and covered part D drugs on the average prices for such drugs in the member-states of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L27SE7.100 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9151 September 27, 2018 
each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUIZ (for himself and Mr. W
ENSTRUP ): H.R. 6959. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to take actions necessary to ensure that certain individuals may update the burn pit registry with a registered indi-vidual’s cause of death, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. SCHIFF (for himself, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. J ACK-
SONLEE, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. V ELA, Ms. H ANABUSA , Ms. L
OFGREN , and Mr. G RIJALVA ): H.R. 6960. A bill to provide for a grant pro-gram to support access to free eye care serv-ices for students attending public elemen-tary schools and secondary schools; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SINEMA (for herself, Mr. G
OSAR , and Mr. G RIJALVA ): H.R. 6961. A bill to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to carry out a grant program to award grants to qualified partnerships to re-move non-native plant species that con-tribute to drought conditions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. SMITH of Washington: H.R. 6962. A bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to expand the exception to the windfall elimination provision based on years of coverage; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 6963. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the eligibility of low- income veterans to receive dental care; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. SESSIONS (for himself, Mr. F
ASO, Mr. C OLE, Mr. B ACON , Ms. G
RANGER , Mr. H ILL, Mr. A MODEI , Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. G IANFORTE , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. M
ITCHELL , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. P
OEof Texas, Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Ms. T
ENNEY , Mr. O LSON , Mr. B
UCK, Mr. M EADOWS , and Mr. C
RAMER ): H. Res. 1089. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that a replacement for the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act should have certain fea-tures; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Mr. B ERA, Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Mr. F
ASO, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. P
ETERS , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. S
CHRADER , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. U
PTON , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. S
UOZZI , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. S
MUCKER , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. C
OOPER , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. H IMES, and Mr. S
OTO): H. Res. 1090. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives to en-courage consensus and increase account-ability and transparency, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Rules. By Mr. CHABOT (for himself, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. R OYCE of California, Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. S HERMAN , Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , and Mr. C ROWLEY ): H. Res. 1091. A resolution calling on the Government of Burma to release Burmese journalists Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo sen-tenced to seven years imprisonment after in-vestigating attacks against civilians by Bur-ma’s military and security forces, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. BURGESS (for himself, Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana, and Mr. K
INGof Iowa): H. Res. 1092. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the President should redirect and target for-eign assistance provided to El Salvador, Gua-temala, and Honduras in a manner that ad-dresses the driving causes of illegal immigra-tion into the United States from such coun-tries, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. BASS (for herself, Mr. M
ARINO , Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mrs. B LACK , Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Mr. B ACON , Mr. M ITCHELL , Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. A
DAMS , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C
ORREA , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. E
NGEL , Ms. F UDGE , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. J ACK-
SONLEE, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. K
EATING , Ms. L EE, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. M OORE , Mr. R USH, Mr. T
AKANO , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. C RIST, Ms. M
ATSUI , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. S TIV-
ERS, Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. C
LEAVER , Ms. B ORDALLO , and Ms. H
ANABUSA ): H. Res. 1093. A resolution expressing sup-port for the designation of September 2018 as ‘‘National Kinship Care Month’’; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania (for himself, Mr. G
ALLEGO , and Mr. Y OUNG  of Alaska): H. Res. 1094. A resolution commemorating the 100th anniversary of the Armistice Agreement, the 100th anniversary of the re-turn of the Unknown Soldier, and the 100th anniversary of the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Mr. D
UFFY , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. V
ELA, Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of Cali-fornia, Ms. B
ASS, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. M
ENG, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. M OORE , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, and Mr. R
ENACCI ): H. Res. 1095. A resolution expressing sup-port for the designation of September 2018 as National Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. GROTHMAN: H. Res. 1096. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the integrity of Medicare should be pre-served by maintaining the current eligibility age of 65; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. ROSEN (for herself, Mr. P
OLIS, and Ms. S
HEA-PORTER ): H. Res. 1097. A resolution supporting re-sponsible middle class tax cuts; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUSH (for himself, Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. R OS-
KAM, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. K
INZINGER , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. K ELLY  of Illinois, Mr. B
OST, Mr. L AHOOD, Mr. S
CHNEIDER , and Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI ): H. Res. 1098. A resolution recognizing and commemorating the bicentennial of the State of Illinois; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 6926. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. BUCK: H.R. 6927. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII of the United States Constitution. By Mr. M
CNERNEY: H.R. 6928. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States grants Congress the au-thority to enact this bill. By Ms. S´ANCHEZ: H.R. 6929. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 of the Constitu-tion, Congress has the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or any Department or Officer there-of’’. By Ms. STEFANIK: H.R. 6930. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7: To establish Post Offices and post Roads By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 6931. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. ABRAHAM: H.R. 6932. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. BRADY of Texas: H.R. 6933. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-stitution, to ‘‘provide for the common de-fense and general welfare of the United States.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L27SE7.100 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9152 September 27, 2018 
By Mr. BERA: H.R. 6934. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. BERA: H.R. 6935. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. BERA: H.R. 6936. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. BERA: H.R. 6937. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan: H.R. 6938. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII & Article I, Section IX By Ms. CHENEY: H.R. 6939. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. COOK: H.R. 6940. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. CRIST: H.R. 6941. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution. By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 6942. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mrs. DINGELL: H.R. 6943. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 section 8 By Mr. HECK: H.R. 6944. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII By Mr. HIMES: H.R. 6945. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, as this legislation pro-vides for the general welfare of the United States. By Mr. HIMES: H.R. 6946. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, as this legislation pro-vides for the general welfare of the United States. By Mr. HIMES: H.R. 6947. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, as this legislation pro-vides for the general welfare of the United States. By Mr. HOLDING: H.R. 6948. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. KINZINGER: H.R. 6949. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-stitution By Mr. LANGEVIN: H.R. 6950. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, Clause 1 and Article IV, section 3 By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 6951. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mrs. LOWEY: H.R. 6952. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 6953. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mr. NEAL: H.R. 6954. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is in the power of Congress to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying into Execution of foregoing Powers as enu-merated in Article I, Section 8. By Mr. PANETTA: H.R. 6955. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Mr. PETERS: H.R. 6956. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. ROKITA: H.R. 6957. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 3. ‘‘The Congress shall have power to regu-late Commerce.’’ By Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida: H.R. 6958. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 6959. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution, to provide for the general welfare and make all laws nec-essary and proper to carry out the powers of Congress. By Mr. SCHIFF: H.R. 6960. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. SINEMA: H.R. 6961. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. SMITH of Washington: H.R. 6962. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 6963. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: section 8 of article I of the Constitution f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 334: Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 947: Mr. R
ICHMOND . H.R. 1006: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 1268: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 1270: Mr. K
IND, Ms. C LARK of Massa- chusetts, and Mr. C
ALVERT . H.R. 1291: Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 1298: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 1300: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 1456: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 2044: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 2051: Mr. B
ERA. H.R. 2070: Mr. V
ELA. H.R. 2077: Mr. D
ONOVAN , Ms. H ANABUSA , and Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mex-ico. H.R. 2315: Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. M ITCHELL . H.R. 2358: Ms. P
ELOSI and Mr. V ISCLOSKY . H.R. 2417: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 2472: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 2587: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER and Mr. T IP-
TON. H.R. 2651: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 2735: Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 2754: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico. H.R. 2777: Mr. V
ELA. H.R. 2790: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 2820: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas and Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 2902: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 2953: Mr. D
UFFY and Mr. S CHIFF . H.R. 3124: Mr. Y
ODER . H.R. 3145: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 3239: Mr. U
PTON . H.R. 3325: Mr. L
AHOOD, Mr. L AMALFA , and Mr. L
OBIONDO . H.R. 3520: Mr. D
EFAZIO and Mr. L AWSON of Florida. H.R. 3773: Mr. V
ELA. H.R. 3981: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 4094: Mr. M
CEACHIN . H.R. 4099: Mr. C
URTIS . H.R. 4107: Mr. B
ACON , Ms. M OORE , Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. M
ARINO , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mrs. M URPHY of Flor- ida, Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. L EWIS of Minnesota, Mr. C
OOPER , Mr. S TEWART , Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. M EADOWS , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. L AHOOD, Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. D
UNN, and Mr. L OBIONDO . H.R. 4122: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 4250: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 4518: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 4556: Mr. K
HANNA and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 4591: Mr. P
ERRY . H.R. 4691: Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. M ENG, Mr. S
OTO, Mr. N ORCROSS , and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 4775: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 5115: Ms. B
ASS and Ms. H ERRERA  B
EUTLER . H.R. 5132: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia and Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia. H.R. 5282: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 5306: Mr. T
IPTON and Mr. B URGESS . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\SEPTEMBER\H27SE8.REC H27SE8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9153 September 27, 2018 
H.R. 5308: Mr. S CHNEIDER and Mr. H
ULTGREN . H.R. 5358: Mrs. H
ANDEL , Mr. U PTON , and Mr. R
UTHERFORD . H.R. 5374: Mr. C
ORREA . H.R. 5409: Mr. S
ARBANES . H.R. 5476: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 5499: Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Mr. T HOMAS J. R
OONEY of Florida, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. B ABIN, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. M CCAUL, Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. S
IMPSON , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. H ARPER , and Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 5533: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. A GUILAR , Mrs. D
INGELL , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. E VANS , Ms. F
UDGE , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis- sissippi, and Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 5588: Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. S CHIFF , Mrs. T
ORRES , and Mr. G OMEZ . H.R. 5621: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico and Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 5690: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 5706: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 5858: Mr. W
ITTMAN . H.R. 5881: Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 5965: Ms. L
OFGREN and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 6033: Mr. V
ELA, Mr. C APUANO , Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. W IL-
SON of Florida, Ms. M OORE , and Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 6080: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 6114: Mr. V
ELA, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mrs. L
OWEY , and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 6207: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 6224: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 6251: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 6269: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 6272: Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 6288: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 6406: Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 6417: Mr. F
LORES . H.R. 6421: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 6469: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 6503: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 6505: Ms. M
ATSUI and Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN . H.R. 6510: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. K
EATING , Mr. C LEAVER , and Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 6517: Mr. B
ERA. H.R. 6614: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 6639: Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 6651: Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. C
ICILLINE , and Mr. M CCAUL. H.R. 6653: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 6664: Mr. B
ARTON . H.R. 6713: Mr. S
OTOand Mr. K NIGHT . H.R. 6734: Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. G ARAMENDI , and Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 6747: Mr. R
ENACCI and Mr. M AC- A
RTHUR . H.R. 6774: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 6775: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 6793: Mr. R
OSKAM , Mr. B OST, Mr. K
INZINGER , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 6824: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 6855: Mr. C
ICILLINE and Ms. B LUNT  R
OCHESTER . H.R. 6869: Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. K IND, and Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 6873: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 6876: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , and Mr. D ESAULNIER . H.R. 6886: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 6893: Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 6898: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK and Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 6901: Mrs. LAWRENCE . H.R. 6910: Mr. B
RADY of Texas, Mr. O LSON , and Mr. W
EBER of Texas. H.J. Res. 140: Mrs. N
APOLITANO and Mr. H
UFFMAN . H. Con. Res. 138: Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Ms. S PEIER , and Ms. L OFGREN . H. Con. Res. 140: Mr. M
AST, Mr. C OOK, and Mr. S
TIVERS . H. Res. 199: Mr. T
ROTT . H. Res. 910: Mr. C
OOK, Ms. L EE, and Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia. H. Res. 931: Mr. P
ERRY . H. Res. 932: Mr. W
OODALL . H. Res. 993: Mr. T
URNER , Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , Mrs. L OVE, and Mr. S HIMKUS . H. Res. 1006: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. P
ERRY , and Mr. G ARRETT . H. Res. 1034: Mr. S
HIMKUS , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. B
UDD, Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. L ANCE , Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. L EWIS of Minnesota, and Mrs. L
ESKO . H. Res. 1035: Mr. O
LSON , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, and Mr. L
OBIONDO . H. Res. 1052: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H. Res. 1057: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H. Res. 1058: Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. D
OGGETT , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Miss R ICEof New York, Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, and Mr. H ECK. H. Res. 1062: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mr. T ED L
IEUof California. H. Res. 1068: Mr. H
ECK, Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. B ROWNLEY  of California, Mr. C
RIST, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. E
LLISON , and Mrs. L AWRENCE . H. Res. 1073: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H. Res. 1075: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27SE7.027 H27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6351 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 2018 No. 160 
Senate 
The Senate met at 12 noon and was called to order by the Honorable D
EB F
ISCHER , a Senator from the State of Nebraska. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Sovereign Lord, through all the gen-erations, You have been our refuge and strength. You are without beginning or end. Lord, how fleeting are life’s seasons. We disappear like grass that springs up in the morning but by evening has begun to wither. Guide our lawmakers as they seek to confront the problems of our time with Your solutions. Give them stability and serenity as they strive to accomplish Your purposes. Help them to see their legislative work as a divine calling and mission. We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, September 27, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable D
EBFISCHER , a Sen- ator from the State of Nebraska, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. Mrs. FISCHER thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tem-pore. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leader-ship time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will proceed to executive ses-sion for consideration of the following nomination which the clerk will re-port. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Lisa Porter, of Virginia, to be a Deputy Under Sec-retary of Defense. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the time until 12:40 p.m. will be equally di-vided in the usual form. Under the previous order, all time is expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Porter nomina-tion? Mrs. ERNST. I ask for the yeas and nays. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. YOUNG ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 98, nays 1, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 218 Ex.] YEAS—98 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Kyl Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—1 
Paul 
NOT VOTING—1 
Sullivan 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table, and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The Senator from Oklahoma. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27SE6.000 S27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6352 September 27, 2018 
stand in recess until 4 p.m. this after-noon. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECESS Thereupon, the Senate, at 1:13 p.m., recessed until 4 p.m. and reassembled when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mr. P
ERDUE ). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The Senator from Georgia. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of Execu-tive Calendar Nos. 1113 through 1122 and all nominations placed on the Sec-retary’s desk in the Air Force, Army, Marine Corps, and Navy; that the nominations be confirmed; that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; and that the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action and the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The nominations considered and con-firmed are as follows: 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be brigadier general Col. Jeffrey H. Hurlbert 
IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy Reserve to the grade indicated while assigned to a posi-tion of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be vice admiral Rear Adm. Michael J. Dumont The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. Robert D. Katz 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Michael T. Plehn 
IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be vice admiral Rear Adm. Timothy G. Szymanski 
IN THE ARMY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. James E. Rainey IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Thomas J. Sharpy The following named officer for appoint-ment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be brigadier general Col. David P. Garfield The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Timothy G. Fay 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated while assigned to a posi-tion of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. George W. Smith, Jr. N
OMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S D
ESK 
IN THE AIR FORCE  PN1887 AIR FORCE nomination of Ryan J. Garlow, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 26, 2018. PN2483 AIR FORCE nomination of Thomas T. Swaim, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2018. PN2520 AIR FORCE nominations (2) begin-ning DANN S. CARLSON, and ending JOSE I. RUIZ QUINONES, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 17, 2018. 
IN THE ARMY  PN2036 ARMY nomination of Mac B. Car-ter, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 24, 2018. PN2200 ARMY nominations (189) beginning MICHAEL T. ANDERS, and ending D014641, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 20, 2018. PN2201 ARMY nominations (149) beginning MICHAEL J. ADAMSKI, and ending G010241, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 20, 2018. PN2202 ARMY nominations (119) beginning COURTNEY L. ABRAHAM, and ending D014311, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 20, 2018. PN2442 ARMY nomination of Timothy D. Vincent, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of August 21, 2018. PN2443 ARMY nomination of Mark J. Stanalajczo, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of August 21, 2018. PN2484 ARMY nomination of Eric D. Barger, winch was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2018. PN2485 ARMY nominations (2) beginning JOSEPH V. DERMENJIAN, and ending MI-CHAEL J. TROFINOFF, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2018. PN2486 ARMY nomination of Christopher G. Hossfeld, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2018. PN2487 ARMY nomination of Dejuan E. Giblert, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2018. PN2488 ARMY nominations (41) beginning JOHN H. BARKEMEYER, and ending D014328, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of September 6, 2018. PN2489 ARMY nomination of John T. Winkler, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2018. PN2490 ARMY nominations (14) beginning PEDRO O. AGAPAY, III, and ending MARK A. WHITE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of September 6, 2018. PN2491 ARMY nomination of Jaime D. Bir-mingham, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2018. PN2492 ARMY nominations (7) beginning JEFF A. BLACKARD, and ending MAT-THEW J. SONGE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2018. PN2493 ARMY nominations (2) beginning BRIAN J. BURTON, and ending CHRIS-TOPHER S. WOOTEN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2018. PN2494 ARMY nominations (2) beginning HUGO I. EHUAN, and ending MICHAEL K. FLURY, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of September 6, 2018. PN2515 ARMY nomination of Kurt J. Cyr, which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of Sep-tember 12, 2018. PN2516 ARMY nomination of Brian D. McManus, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 12, 2018. PN2517 ARMY nomination of Edward J. Maloney, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 12, 2018. PN2518 ARMY nomination of Craig S. Gatzemeyer, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 12, 2018. PN2521 ARMY nomination of Michael A. Collins, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 17, 2018. PN2522 ARMY nomination of Robert J. Bernard, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 17, 2018. PN2523 ARMY nominations (31) beginning DEXTER M. BERRY, and ending AGNITA M. WILLIAMS, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 17, 2018. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  PN2463 MARINE CORPS nomination of Shawn A. Rickrode, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of August 27, 2018. 
IN THE NAVY  PN2368 NAVY nominations (5) beginning JAMES K. SHORT, and ending NICHOLAS A. MIDZAK, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of July 31, 2018. PN2453 NAVY nominations (37) beginning ANDREW P. BESSETTE, and ending STAN-LEY R. WORTHINGTON, which nominations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27SE6.003 S27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6353 September 27, 2018 
were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of August 27, 2018. PN2454 NAVY nominations (116) beginning MARK A. A. ABADILLA, and ending JOHN S. YOHANNAN, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of August 27, 2018. PN2455 NAVY nominations (46) beginning ADAM C. ALIANO, and ending SHARLENA Y. WILLIAMS, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of August 27, 2018. PN2456 NAVY nominations (170) beginning WILLIAM A. AGBO, and ending GREGORY A. WOLFLEY, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of August 27, 2018. PN2457 NAVY nominations (59) beginning BENJAMIN P. ARCHER, and ending MI-CHAEL K. YANG, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of August 27, 2018. PN2458 NAVY nominations (243) beginning JACOB A. ADAMS, and ending KENNETH E. ZITNIK, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of August 27, 2018. PN2459 NAVY nominations (3) beginning ALBETRO ALSHABAZZ, and ending BRIAN M. WOOD, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of August 27, 2018. PN2460 NAVY nominations (55) beginning NICHOLAS L. ALANDER, and ending PAT-RICK D. WILLIAMS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of August 27, 2018. PN2461 NAVY nominations (75) beginning MARK ADJEI, and ending DARIAN J. WILD-ER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of August 27, 2018. PN2462 NAVY nomination of Julio L. Mattos, Jr., which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of August 27, 2018. PN2495 NAVY nominations (39) beginning DARIN M. ANDREWS, and ending RYAN D. ZACHAR, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of September 6, 2018. PN2496 NAVY nominations (6) beginning FRANCIS G. COYLE, and ending CHRIS-TOPHER J. WRIGHT, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2018. PN2497 NAVY nominations (19) beginning RICHARD E. ARTHUR, II, and ending BARRY J. WUTZKE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2018. PN2498 NAVY nominations (27) beginning CLAUDIA I. ALDAY, and ending TOSHI L. WILLIAMS, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2018. PN2499 NAVY nominations (879) beginning KYLE J. ABNER, and ending THOMAS W. ZIMMERMAN, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2018. PN2500 NAVY nominations (64) beginning SCOTT B. AARON, and ending SHANNON M. ZOCH, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of September 6, 2018. PN2501 NAVY nominations (54) beginning JESSICA L. ALEXANDER, and ending SENG F. YEE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of September 6, 2018. PN2502 NAVY nominations (19) beginning MICHAEL K. BEALL, and ending WILLIAM N. ZINICOLALAPIN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2018. PN2503 NAVY nominations (25) beginning RACHEL M. ALTHOUSE, and ending JASON P. TABANAN, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2018. PN2504 NAVY nominations (8) beginning SEAN A. BROPHY, and ending JESUS A. URANGA, JR., which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2018. PN2505 NAVY nominations (145) beginning CHRISTOPHER M. ANDREWS, and ending JACOB W. ZERCHER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 6, 2018. PN2506 NAVY nominations (87) beginning EMILY L. ADAMS, and ending JACOB C. WILLE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of September 6, 2018. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to a period of morning busi-ness, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
107TH NATIONAL DAY FOR THE REPUBLIC OF CHINA ON TAIWAN Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the people and leaders of Taiwan on their National Day to take place on October 10. The United States and Taiwan have a long history of friendship that has promoted prosperity and security on both sides of the Pacific. The U.S.-Taiwan bilateral relationship continues to grow based on our shared democratic values and common strategic interests. I urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating the people of Taiwan. 
f 
REMEMBERING JAMES WILLIAM RATZLAFF Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, another giant has fallen. I rise today to recog-nize the passing of James William Ratzlaff. As a conservationist, an avid out-doorsman, a philanthropist, and, most of all, a dear friend, Jim was one of Or-egon’s great civic leaders. He passed away on August 26 at home on his be-loved ranch surrounded by love. Jim is survived by Jane, his loving wife of 54 years, and their children, Jim, Jr., and Susan, as well as Jim, Jr.’s wife Leinani and her sons, Lowell and Larkin, and Susan’s son, Marcus James. For decades, Jim and Jane have ex-emplified and renewed our sense of what it means to be outstanding com-munity leaders: patiently listening and learning, actively seeking equitable so-lutions, and, above all, leading by ex-ample. Jim’s legacy of good deeds extends far beyond mere philanthropy. He threw himself headlong into the com-plex challenges facing communities in and well beyond his home in Roseburg, OR. His abiding love for nature and healthy watersheds always went hand- in-hand with his deep concern for the well-being of our communities. Jim al-ways believed and worked to prove that community health, ecology, and econ-omy are inseparable and that, to-gether, we can strengthen all three. Jim’s notable success in business served merely as a means to an end much bigger than himself. Those that knew him well would agree that he saw his good fortune as a blessing allowing him to expand his ability to do good in the world. Always with humility, al-ways with deference, always true to his core values, Jim taught us once again how to lead by example. Jim and Jane moved to Oregon, to the beauty of Crane Creek Ranch, and exercised their good fortune to make the world a better place. Through his work with the Oregon Community Foundation and service on boards across the Pacific Northwest—includ-ing Pacific Rivers Council, Wild Salm-on Center, the North Umpqua Founda-tion, Oregon Public Broadcasting, and Mercy Medical Center—Jim was tire-less in his efforts to maintain healthy forests and rivers and to elevate the lives of those around him. Jim’s great love of his family and the land stood as an inspiration to every-one around him. While, yes, a giant has fallen, a forest will rise in his place, growing from all those whose lives he has touched with his love, friendship, generosity, wisdom, and lifelong com-mitment to building a better future. f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE WILD AND SCENIC RIVERS ACT Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, this year marks the 50th anniversary of the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act. Throughout its half century, this landmark conserva-tion law has played a critical role in maintaining the natural, free-flowing qualities that make the country’s wild and scenic rivers so special. The Wild and Scenic Rivers Act, signed October 2, 1968, by President Lyndon B. Johnson, has protected riv-ers across the United States for recre-ation, salmon and fish habitat, impor-tant geology and cultural values, and countless other important benefits. This bedrock environmental law is es-pecially important for Oregon where, in 1968, the remarkable wild Rogue River received protection as part of the first eight rivers protected by the Act. Since then, Congress extended Wild and Scenic designations to many of Or-egon’s most iconic rivers, including im-portant segments of the Chetco, the Deschutes, the Elk, the John Day, the Lostine, the Owyhee, and over 50 other rivers and streams in every corner of my State. In total, Oregon has more river segments designated than any other State in the Union, with over 1,900 miles in the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27SE6.022 S27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6354 September 27, 2018 
A free-flowing, unencumbered river is truly a sight to behold, which is why I am working now to add even more miles to Oregon’s already impressive list of Wild and Scenic rivers through passage of the Oregon Wildlands Act. The Oregon Wildlands Act adds a total of nearly 200 miles, including many of the important tributaries to the Rogue River and the Elk River—home to one of North America’s healthiest salmon, steelhead, and cutthroat trout popu-lations along the Pacific Coast—and the Molalla River, to name a few. Over the last 50 years, Congress des-ignated 209 units of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, totaling nearly 12,600 miles of Wild and Scenic rivers and streams in 40 States and Puerto Rico to protect and provide re-markable habitat for endangered salm-on and steelhead, drinking water for millions of Americans, and recreation opportunities for countless recreation enthusiasts who come from all over the world. This is precisely what makes the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act so impor-tant after all these years as a tool to protect, for this and future genera-tions, the very qualities that make America’s and Oregon’s natural treas-ures so unique and wonderful. As Henry David Thoreau noted in his book, ‘‘A Week on the Concord and Merrimack Rivers,’’ ‘‘He who hears the rippling of rivers in these degenerate days will not utterly despair.’’ Fifty years ago, the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act started as a novel idea to protect and enhance the Nation’s waterways from pollution, dams, and construction that could interrupt their free-flowing condition. By 2018, it has become a re-markable success story deserving of celebration and commemoration. As climate change and other environ-mental factors continue to threaten the health of America’s rivers, it is im-portant to build on the successes of the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act and con-tinue to protect rivers across the coun-ty. It is in our best interest to do so, and I remain committed to continuing the legacy of the Wild and Scenic Riv-ers Act and to work to further its pro-tections throughout the Nation. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO MARK BIEL ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week I have the honor of recognizing Mark Biel of Flathead County, natural resources program manager at Glacier National Park, for his outstanding work bringing new programs and re-search to the Crown of the Continent. Growing up hiking and camping, Mark fostered a love of the outdoors, particularly national parks and public lands. He has had a long and distin-guished career with the National Park Service and served at multiple national parks across the West. Mark has been at Glacier National Park for the last 8 years, where he has been recognized for his research on mountain goats and helped the park achieve designation as an International Transboundary Dark Sky Park. He has also pioneered a wildlife shep-herding program with his dog Gracie. Gracie, known as the bark ranger, has been trained to move bighorn sheep and mountain goats out of areas of high visitor traffic, such as visitor cen-ters and parking lots. The program has helped make the park safer for both humans and animals while also pro-viding an excellent tool for educating park visitors on the importance of avoiding human-wildlife conflicts. Earlier this month, in recognition of his work at Glacier, Mark won the Na-tional Park Service Director’s Award for Professional Excellence in Natural Resource Stewardship. He was selected over six other nominees, one from each National Park Service region. I congratulate Mark on such a tre-mendous achievement and thank him for his dedicated service to Glacier Na-tional Park and our entire National Park System.∑ f 
40TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MAINE DEVELOPMENT FOUNDA-TION ∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Maine Development Foundation, which is celebrating its 40th anniversary. MDF is a nonpartisan membership organization that ad-vances sustainable, long-term eco-nomic growth for the State of Maine. MDF works to empower leaders, strengthen communities, and shape public policy through trusted economic research. MDF was created by State statute in 1978 and now operates statewide across all economic sectors. MDF’s 250 mem-bers represent private companies, edu-cational institutions, municipalities, government agencies, and nonprofit or-ganizations. The MDF board of direc-tors is made up of no less than 15 mem-bers who are elected each year. MDF operates a number of programs, aimed at increasing economic opportunities in Maine, including Leadership Maine, FOR/MAINE, Maine Downtown Center, the Maine Economic Growth Council, the Policy Leaders Academy, and more. Leadership Maine, a cornerstone pro-gram of MDF, is a yearlong experience that prepares leaders across the State to help shape Maine’s changing econ-omy. This program has been operating for 25 years and now boasts over 1,000 alumni. These leaders are each cre-ating an economy driven by educated, innovative, and engaged individuals. Participants learn firsthand about im-portant issues facing the State through an intensive program that gives exclu-sive access to key community and busi-ness leaders. Each class is comprised of 35–45 leaders from across the State, from a cross section of the economy. All participants share a commitment to make Maine a better place to live and to engage in public service in new ways. MDF also provides support and staff-ing for the Maine Economic Growth Council, a legislatively chartered group that annually prepares the Meas-ures of Growth report. This snapshot of the Maine economy over a range of sec-tors is instructive to policymakers finding the intersection of economy, community, and environment in secur-ing a high quality of life for Mainers. MDF played a critical role in the work and success to date of the Eco-nomic Development Assessment Team, EDAT, a Federal effort funded by the Economic Development Administra-tion to support job growth and eco-nomic development in Maine’s rural communities. Under MDF’s guidance, the EDAT helped fund and establish the Forest Opportunity Roadmap Maine Initiative, a unique collabora-tion between industry, communities, government, education, and nonprofit organizations, working together to strengthen Maine’s forest economy. With MDF’s leadership, FOR/Maine de-veloped a comprehensive action plan and strategy to support a thriving, in-novative, and diverse industry that provides good jobs in vibrant rural communities for generations to come. I am proud to recognize the great work of Maine Development Founda-tion over the last 40 years, and I look forward to what the future holds. I want to thank them for all their work to improve their community and the State of Maine—your work makes Maine such a special place to call home.∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on September 26, 2018, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker had signed the fol-lowing enrolled bill: 
H.R. 6157. An act making consolidated ap-propriations for the Departments of Defense, Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the en-rolled bill was signed on September 27, 2018, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. M
CCONNELL ). 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 12:26 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27SE6.004 S27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6355 September 27, 2018 
H.R. 754. An act to award the Congres-sional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in rec-ognition of his heroic achievements and cou-rageous contributions to peace in the Middle East. H.R. 3383. An act to designate the flood control project in Sedgwick County, Kansas, commonly known as the Wichita-Valley Cen-ter Flood Control Project, as the ‘‘M.S. ’Mitch’ Mitchell Floodway’’. H.R. 3398. An act to amend the Real ID Act of 2005 to permit Freely Associated States to meet identification requirements under such Act, and for other purposes. H.R. 3834. An act to provide that members of public safety agencies who died of 9/11-re-lated health conditions are eligible for the Presidential 9/11 Heroes Medal of Valor, and for other purposes. H.R. 4431. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for interest pay-ments by agencies in the case of administra-tive error in processing certain annuity de-posits for prior military service or certain volunteer service, and for other purposes. H.R. 4753. An act to amend the Federal Re-serve Act to require the Vice Chairman for Supervision of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System to provide a written report, and for other purposes. H.R. 4809. An act to increase access to agency guidance documents. H.R. 4887. An act to modernize Federal grant reporting, and for other purposes. H.R. 4917. An act to amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 to provide testimonial subpoena authority, and for other purposes. H.R. 5036. An act to establish an Inde-pendent Financial Technology Task Force, to provide rewards for information leading to convictions related to terrorist use of digital currencies, to establish a FinTech Leader-ship in Innovation Program to encourage the development of tools and programs to com-bat terrorist and illicit use of digital cur-rencies, and for other purposes. H.R. 5420. An act to authorize the acquisi-tion of land for addition to the Home of Franklin D. Roosevelt National Historic Site in the State of New York, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 5896. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to modify the authority for pay and work schedules of border patrol agents, and for other purposes. H.R. 6332. An act to require the Director of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network to submit a report to Congress on the way in which data collected pursuant to title 31 is being used, and for other purposes. H.R. 6729. An act to allow nonprofit organi-zations to register with the Secretary of the Treasury and share information on activities that may involve human trafficking or money laundering with financial institutions and regulatory authorities, under a safe har-bor that offers protections from liability, in order to better identify and report potential human trafficking or money laundering ac-tivities. H.R. 6737. An act to amend the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act to clarify seasoning require-ments for certain refinanced mortgage loans, and for other purposes. H.R. 6751. An act to increase transparency with respect to financial services benefitting state sponsors of terrorism, human rights abusers, and corrupt officials, and for other purposes. H.R. 6846. An act to require the United States Postal Service to establish new ZIP codes, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bill, without amendment: 
S. 1668. An act to rename a waterway in the State of New York as the ‘‘Joseph San-ford Jr. Channel’’. ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
The message further announced that the Speaker of the House has signed the following enrolled bills: 
H.R. 46. An act to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of Fort Ontario in the State of New York. H.R. 2259. An act to amend the Peace Corps Act to expand services and benefits for vol-unteers, and for other purposes. H.R. 4958. An act to increase, effective as of December 1, 2018, the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabil-ities and the rates of dependency and indem-nity compensation for the survivors of cer-tain disabled veterans, and for other pur-poses. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 2:15 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following bill: 
H.R. 1551. An act to modernize copyright law, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 3383. An act to designate the flood control project in Sedgwick County, Kansas, commonly known as the Wichita-Valley Cen-ter Flood Control Project, as the ‘‘M.S. ‘Mitch’ Mitchell Floodway’’; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. H.R. 3398. An act to amend the Real ID Act of 2005 to permit Freely Associated States to meet identification requirements under such Act, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. H.R. 3834. An act to provide that members of public safety agencies who died of 9/11-re-lated health conditions are eligible for the Presidential 9/11 Heroes Medal of Valor, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 4431. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for interest pay-ments by agencies in the case of administra-tive error in processing certain annuity de-posits for prior military service or certain volunteer service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 4753. An act to amend the Federal Re-serve Act to require the Vice Chairman for Supervision of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System to provide a written report, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. H.R. 4887. An act to modernize Federal grant reporting, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 4917. An act to amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 to provide testimonial subpoena authority, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 5036. An act to establish an Inde-pendent Financial Technology Task Force, to provide rewards for information leading to convictions related to terrorist use of digital currencies, to establish a FinTech Leader-ship in Innovation Program to encourage the development of tools and programs to com-bat terrorist and illicit use of digital cur-rencies, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. H.R. 5420. An act to authorize the acquisi-tion of land for addition to the Home of Franklin D. Roosevelt National Historic Site in the State of New York, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 5896. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to modify the authority for pay and work schedules of border patrol agents, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. H.R. 6332. An act to require the Director of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network to submit a report to Congress on the way in which data collected pursuant to title 31 is being used, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 6729. An act to allow nonprofit organi-zations to register with the Secretary of the Treasury and share information on activities that may involve human trafficking or money laundering with financial institutions and regulatory authorities, under a safe har-bor that offers protections from liability, in order to better identify and report potential human trafficking or money laundering ac-tivities; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 6751. An act to increase transparency with respect to financial services benefitting state sponsors of terrorism, human rights abusers, and corrupt officials, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 6846. An act to require the United States Postal Service to establish new ZIP codes, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the sec-ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 6287. An act to provide competitive grants for the operation, security, and main-tenance of certain memorials to victims of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001. 
The following bills were read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 754. An act to award the Congres-sional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in rec-ognition of his heroic achievements and cou-rageous contributions to peace in the Middle East. H.R. 4809. An act to increase access to agency guidance documents . f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mr. K
ENNEDY ): S. 3518. A bill to amend the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 to exempt from registra-tion brokers performing services in connec-tion with the transfer of ownership of small-er privately held companies; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ): S. 3519. A bill to establish a process for the Food and Drug Administration to determine whether to modify the labeling of drugs whose labeling may be outdated, including 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27SE6.010 S27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6356 September 27, 2018 
drugs with accepted uses that are not re-flected in the approved labeling; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. SMITH: S. 3520. A bill to provide grants to States, Indian Tribes, and Tribal organizations for activities to increase the availability of child care options and to support the child care workforce, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. I
SAK-
SON, and Mr. B ROWN ): S. 3521. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to improve the health of chil-dren and help better understand and enhance awareness about unexpected sudden death in early life; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. M
ORAN ): S. 3522. A bill to establish a Senior Scams Prevention Advisory Council; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. By Mr. COTTON: S. 3523. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to require a full military honors ceremony for certain deceased veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Ms. W
ARREN ): S. 3524. A bill to provide for the carriage of certain television broadcast stations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. CRAPO (for himself, Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , and Mr. I SAKSON ): S. Res. 656. A resolution recognizing and supporting the goals and ideals of National Forensic Science Week; considered and agreed to. By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mr. A
LEXANDER , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. C OL-
LINS, Mr. R EED, Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M
URPHY , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ): S. Res. 657. A resolution designating the week of September 23 through 29, 2018, as ‘‘National Adult Education and Family Lit-eracy Week’’; considered and agreed to. By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. C
ORNYN , and Ms. H ASSAN ): S. Res. 658. A resolution designating the week of September 30 through October 6, 2018, as ‘‘National Community Policing Week’’; considered and agreed to. By Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. K ING, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): S. Res. 659. A resolution designating Sep-tember 2018 as ‘‘National Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 439 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 439, a bill to amend part B of title IV of the Social Security Act to ensure that mental health screenings and as-sessments are provided to children and youth upon entry into foster care. S. 2918 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2918, a bill to amend the Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993 to protect civil rights and other-wise prevent meaningful harm to third parties, and for other purposes. 
S. 2961 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2961, a bill to reauthorize subtitle A of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990. 
S. 3137 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3137, a bill to provide for reforming agencies of the Federal Gov-ernment to improve efficiency and ef-fectiveness. 
S. 3143 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the names of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3143, a bill to provide for a coordinated Federal program to ac-celerate quantum research and devel-opment for the economic and national security of the United States. 
S. 3363 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3363, a bill to support States in their work to end preventable morbidity and mortality in maternity care by using evidence-based quality improvement to protect the health of mothers during pregnancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum period and to reduce neo-natal and infant mortality, to elimi-nate racial disparities in maternal health outcomes, and for other pur-poses. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 656—RECOG-NIZING AND SUPPORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF NA-TIONAL FORENSIC SCIENCE WEEK Mr. CRAPO (for himself, Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN , and Mr. I SAKSON ) submitted the following resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 656 Whereas the Senate is committed to the use of forensic science in the investigation of crimes, the prosecution and conviction of the correct perpetrators of crimes, and the exon-eration of innocent individuals falsely ac-cused of crimes in the United States; Whereas forensic science service providers address critical criminal and civil questions in the United States, including by providing scientific conclusions relating to forensic evidence; Whereas forensic science service providers partner with— (1) Federal agencies to build and maintain criminal databases relating to latent prints, DNA, and other information relevant to criminal cases; and (2) Federal, State, and local agencies to en-sure public safety; Whereas forensic science service providers serve a vital role in the criminal justice sys-tem by providing scientific information to investigators and officers of the court; and Whereas the third week in September is recognized as ‘‘National Forensic Science Week’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That— (1) it is the sense of the Senate that Na-tional Forensic Science Week provides a spe-cial opportunity for— (A) forensic service providers to— (i) recognize the contributions of forensic scientists in the laboratories in which those individuals work; (ii) organize community events to encour-age a better understanding of forensic science; (iii) provide tours to Federal, State, and local policymakers to assist those individ-uals in gaining better insight into the cur-rent capabilities of forensic service providers and future demands that forensic service providers will face; and (iv) contact local media outlets and invite those groups to cover events hosted during National Forensic Science Week; (B) local policymakers to— (i) recognize, through formal commenda-tion or resolution, the contributions of local forensic science laboratories to the commu-nities of those policymakers; (ii) formally declare the third week of Sep-tember to be ‘‘Forensic Science Week’’ by proclamation; (iii) visit local forensic science labora-tories to gain an understanding of the capa-bilities and needs of those laboratories; and (iv) discuss the operational needs of State and local forensic science laboratories; (C) members of communities in the United States, including members of the media, to— (i) attend community events sponsored by local forensic science laboratories; (ii) take tours of local forensic science lab-oratories; and (iii) ask local forensic science laboratories about the operational and legislative needs of those laboratories; (D) members of the media to highlight local news stories that focus on the work of local forensic science laboratories in the communities that those laboratories serve; and (E) public safety officers, law enforcement officers, and officers of the court to— (i) attend community events sponsored by local forensic science laboratories; (ii) take tours of local forensic science lab-oratories; (iii) discuss the operational needs of State and local forensic science laboratories; and (iv) engage local forensic science labora-tories regarding working together more ef-fectively; and (2) the Senate supports the goals and ideals of National Forensic Science Week. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 657—DESIG-NATING THE WEEK OF SEP-TEMBER 23 THROUGH 29, 2018, AS ‘‘NATIONAL ADULT EDUCATION AND FAMILY LITERACY WEEK’’ Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. R
EED, Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M URPHY , and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27SE6.013 S27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6357 September 27, 2018 
S. R ES. 657 Whereas the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development reports that approximately 36,000,000 adults in the United States lack the basic literacy and numeracy necessary to succeed at home, in the work-place, and in society; Whereas the literacy of the people of the United States is essential for the economic and societal well-being of the United States; Whereas the United States reaps the eco-nomic benefits of individuals who improve their literacy, numeracy, and English-lan-guage skills; Whereas literacy and educational skills are necessary for individuals to fully benefit from the range of opportunities available in the United States; Whereas the economy and position of the United States in the world marketplace de-pend on having a literate, skilled population; Whereas the unemployment rate in the United States is highest among those with-out a high school diploma or an equivalent credential, demonstrating that education is important to economic recovery; Whereas the educational skills of the par-ents of a child and the practice of reading to a child have a direct impact on the edu-cational success of the child; Whereas parental involvement in the edu-cation of a child is a key predictor of the success of a child, and the level of parental involvement in the education of a child in-creases as the educational level of the parent increases; Whereas parents who participate in family literacy programs become more involved in the education of their children and gain the tools necessary to obtain a job or find better employment; Whereas, as a result of family literacy pro-grams, the lives of children become more stable, and the success of children in the classroom and in future endeavors becomes more likely; Whereas adults need to be part of a long- term solution to the educational challenges faced by the people of the United States; Whereas many older people in the United States lack the reading, math, or English- language skills necessary to read a prescrip-tion and follow medical instructions, which endangers the lives of the older people and the lives of their loved ones; Whereas many individuals who are unem-ployed, underemployed, or receive public as-sistance lack the literacy skills necessary to obtain and keep a job, to continue their edu-cation, or to participate in job training pro-grams; Whereas many high school dropouts do not have the literacy skills necessary to com-plete their education, transition to postsec-ondary education or career and technical training, or obtain a job; Whereas a large portion of individuals in prison have low educational skills and pris-oners without educational skills are more likely to return to prison once released; Whereas many immigrants in the United States do not have the literacy skills nec-essary to succeed in the United States; and Whereas National Adult Education and Family Literacy Week highlights the need to ensure that each individual in the United States has the literacy skills necessary to succeed at home, at work, and in society: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the week of September 23 through 29, 2018, as ‘‘National Adult Edu-cation and Family Literacy Week’’ to raise public awareness about the importance of adult education, workforce skills, and family literacy; (2) encourages people across the United States to support programs to assist individ-uals in need of adult education, workforce skills, and family literacy programs; (3) recognizes the importance of adult edu-cation, workforce skills, and family literacy programs; and (4) calls on public, private, and nonprofit entities to support increased access to adult education and family literacy programs to ensure a literate society. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 658—DESIG-NATING THE WEEK OF SEP-TEMBER 30 THROUGH OCTOBER 6, 2018, AS ‘‘NATIONAL COMMUNITY POLICING WEEK’’ Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. C
OR-
NYN, and Ms. H ASSAN ) submitted the following resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 658 Whereas police officers are indispensable members of the community who put their lives on the line to protect others; Whereas promoting strong relationships founded in trust and mutual respect between law enforcement officers and the commu-nities they serve helps ensure the safe and effective execution of the law; Whereas law enforcement officers and com-munities that work together to address pub-lic safety concerns can create lasting solu-tions to difficult challenges; Whereas a long-term commitment to com-munity policing is necessary to eliminate the underlying causes of crime; Whereas the advancement of community policing should be supported to ensure that State and local law enforcement agencies have necessary resources; and Whereas community policing has been rec-ognized as an important tool for improving the relationship between law enforcement of-ficers and the communities they serve: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the week of September 30 through October 6, 2018, as ‘‘National Com-munity Policing Week’’; and (2) supports community policing and en-courages the people of the United States, law enforcement agencies, and elected officials to identify ways in which communities can improve public safety, strengthen relation-ships, and build trust. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 659—DESIG-NATING SEPTEMBER 2018 AS ‘‘NATIONAL OVARIAN CANCER AWARENESS MONTH’’ Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. K ING, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 659 Whereas ovarian cancer is the deadliest of all gynecologic cancers; Whereas ovarian cancer is the fifth leading cause of cancer deaths among women in the United States; Whereas, in 2018 in the United States, ap-proximately 22,240 new cases of ovarian can-cer will be diagnosed and 14,070 women will die of ovarian cancer; Whereas the mortality rate for ovarian cancer has not significantly decreased since the ‘‘War on Cancer’’ was declared more than 40 years ago; Whereas 
1⁄4of women will die within 1 year of being diagnosed with ovarian cancer and more than 1⁄2will die within 5 years of that diagnosis; Whereas, while the mammogram can de-tect breast cancer and the Pap smear can de-tect cervical cancer, there is no reliable early detection test for ovarian cancer; Whereas the lack of an early detection test means that approximately 80 percent of cases of ovarian cancer are detected at an advanced stage; Whereas all women are at risk for ovarian cancer, but approximately 20 percent of women who are diagnosed with ovarian can-cer have a hereditary predisposition to ovar-ian cancer, which places them at even higher risk; Whereas scientists and physicians have un-covered changes in the BRCA genes that some women inherit from their parents, which may make those women 30 times more likely to develop ovarian cancer; Whereas the family history of a woman has been found to play an important role in ac-curately assessing the risk of that woman of developing ovarian cancer and medical ex-perts believe that family history should be taken into consideration during the annual well-woman visit of any woman; Whereas many experts in health preven-tion now recommend genetic testing for young women with a family history of breast and ovarian cancer; Whereas women who know that they are at high risk of breast and ovarian cancer may undertake prophylactic measures to help re-duce the risk of developing those diseases; Whereas, as of 2018, the Society of Gynecologic Oncology recommends that all women who are diagnosed with ovarian can-cer receive counseling and genetic testing; Whereas many people are unaware that the symptoms of ovarian cancer often include bloating, pelvic or abdominal pain, difficulty eating or feeling full quickly, urinary symp-toms, and several other symptoms that are easily confused with other diseases; Whereas awareness of the symptoms of ovarian cancer by women and health care providers can lead to a quicker diagnosis; Whereas, in June 2007, the first national consensus statement on ovarian cancer symptoms was developed to provide consist-ency in describing symptoms to make it easier for women to learn and remember those symptoms; and Whereas, each year during the month of September, the Ovarian Cancer Research Fund Alliance and community partners hold a number of events to increase public aware-ness of ovarian cancer: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates September 2018 as ‘‘National Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month’’; and (2) supports the goals and ideals of Na-tional Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 4023. Mr. PERDUE (for Mr. G RASSLEY ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 3170, to amend title 18, United States Code, to make certain changes to the reporting requirement of certain service providers regarding child sexual exploitation visual depictions, and for other purposes. SA 4024. Mr. PERDUE (for Mr. G
RASSLEY ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 3354, to amend the Missing Children’s Assistance Act, and for other purposes. SA 4025. Mr. PERDUE (for Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1768, to reauthorize and amend the National Earth-quake Hazards Reduction Program, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27SE6.015 S27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6358 September 27, 2018 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 4023. Mr. PERDUE (for Mr. G
RASSLEY ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 3170, to amend title 18, United States Code, to make certain changes to the reporting requirement of certain service providers regarding child sexual exploitation visual depic-tions, and for other purposes; as fol-lows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘CyberTipline Modernization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. ALTERATIONS TO REPORTING REQUIRE-MENTS FOR ELECTRONIC SERVICE PROVIDERS AND REMOTE COM-PUTING SERVICE PROVIDERS. 
Section 2258A of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ electronic communication service providers and remote computing service providers’’ and inserting ‘‘providers’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) D
UTY.—In order to reduce the pro-liferation of online child sexual exploitation and to prevent the online sexual exploitation of children, a provider— ‘‘(i) shall, as soon as reasonably possible after obtaining actual knowledge of any facts or circumstances described in para-graph (2)(A), take the actions described in subparagraph (B); and ‘‘(ii) may, after obtaining actual knowl-edge of any facts or circumstances described in paragraph (2)(B), take the actions de-scribed in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) A
CTIONS DESCRIBED .—The actions de-scribed in this subparagraph are— ‘‘(i) providing to the CyberTipline of NCMEC, or any successor to the CyberTipline operated by NCMEC, the mail-ing address, telephone number, facsimile number, electronic mailing address of, and individual point of contact for, such pro-vider; and ‘‘(ii) making a report of such facts or cir-cumstances to the CyberTipline, or any suc-cessor to the CyberTipline operated by NCMEC.’’; and (B) by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) F
ACTS OR CIRCUMSTANCES .— ‘‘(A) A
PPARENT VIOLATIONS .—The facts or circumstances described in this subpara-graph are any facts or circumstances from which there is an apparent violation of sec-tion 2251, 2251A, 2252, 2252A, 2252B, or 2260 that involves child pornography. ‘‘(B) I
MMINENT VIOLATIONS .—The facts or circumstances described in this subpara-graph are any facts or circumstances which indicate a violation of any of the sections de-scribed in subparagraph (A) involving child pornography may be planned or imminent.’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘To the extent’’ and insert-ing ‘‘In an effort to prevent the future sexual victimization of children, and to the extent’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘an electronic communica-tion service provider or a remote computing service provider’’ and inserting ‘‘a provider’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘may include’’ and insert-ing ‘‘may, at the sole discretion of the pro-vider, include’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or plans to violate’’ after ‘‘who appears to have violated’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘payment information (ex-cluding personally identifiable informa-tion),’’ after ‘‘uniform resource locator,’’; (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘an electronic communica-tion service or a remote computing service’’ and inserting ‘‘a provider’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘apparent child pornog-raphy’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘content relating to the report’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘the electronic commu-nication service provider or remote com-puting service provider’’ and inserting ‘‘the provider’’; (D) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) GEOGRAPHIC LOCATION INFORMATION .— Information relating to the geographic loca-tion of the involved individual or website, which may include the Internet Protocol ad-dress or verified address, or, if not reason-ably available, at least one form of geo-graphic identifying information, including area code or zip code, provided by the cus-tomer or subscriber, or stored or obtained by the provider.’’; (E) in paragraph (4)— (i) in the heading by striking ‘‘I
MAGES ’’ and inserting ‘‘V
ISUAL DEPICTIONS ’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘image’’ and inserting ‘‘vis-ual depiction’’; and (iii) by inserting ‘‘or other content’’ after ‘‘apparent child pornography’’; and (F) in paragraph (5)— (i) by striking ‘‘image’’ and inserting ‘‘vis-ual depiction’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘or other content’’ after ‘‘apparent child pornography’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘images’’ and inserting ‘‘visual depictions’’; (4) by amending subsection (c) to read as follows: ‘‘(c) F
ORWARDING OF REPORT TO LAWEN-
FORCEMENT .—Pursuant to its clearinghouse role as a private, nonprofit organization, and at the conclusion of its review in furtherance of its nonprofit mission, NCMEC shall make available each report made under subsection (a)(1) to one or more of the following law en-forcement agencies: ‘‘(1) Any Federal law enforcement agency that is involved in the investigation of child sexual exploitation, kidnapping, or entice-ment crimes. ‘‘(2) Any State or local law enforcement agency that is involved in the investigation of child sexual exploitation. ‘‘(3) A foreign law enforcement agency des-ignated by the Attorney General under sub-section (d)(3) or a foreign law enforcement agency that has an established relationship with the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, or INTERPOL, and is involved in the investiga-tion of child sexual exploitation, kidnapping, or enticement crimes.’’; (5) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘shall des-ignate promptly the’’ and inserting ‘‘may designate a’’; (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘shall promptly’’ and insert-ing ‘‘may’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘des-ignate the’’ and inserting ‘‘designate’’; (C) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘shall’’ and inserting ‘‘may’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children’’ and insert-ing ‘‘NCMEC’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘electronic communica-tion service providers, remote computing service providers’’ and inserting ‘‘providers’’; (D) by striking paragraph (5); (E) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-graph (5); and (F) by amending paragraph (5), as so redes-ignated, to read as follows: ‘‘(5) NOTIFICATION TO PROVIDERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—NCMEC may notify a provider of the information described in sub-paragraph (B), if— ‘‘(i) a provider notifies NCMEC that the provider is making a report under this sec-tion as the result of a request by a foreign law enforcement agency; and ‘‘(ii) NCMEC forwards the report described in clause (i) to— ‘‘(I) the requesting foreign law enforce-ment agency; or ‘‘(II) another agency in the same country designated by the Attorney General under paragraph (3) or that has an established rela-tionship with the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation, U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement, or INTERPOL and is involved in the investigation of child sexual exploi-tation, kidnapping, or enticement crimes. ‘‘(B) I
NFORMATION DESCRIBED .—The infor-mation described in this subparagraph is— ‘‘(i) the identity of the foreign law enforce-ment agency to which the report was for-warded; and ‘‘(ii) the date on which the report was for-warded. ‘‘(C) N
OTIFICATION OF INABILITY TO FORWARD  
REPORT .—If a provider notifies NCMEC that the provider is making a report under this section as the result of a request by a foreign law enforcement agency and NCMEC is un-able to forward the report as described in subparagraph (A)(ii), NCMEC shall notify the provider that NCMEC was unable to forward the report.’’; (6) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘An elec-tronic communication service provider or re-mote computing service provider’’ and in-serting ‘‘A provider’’; (7) in subsection (f)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘an electronic communication service provider or a remote computing serv-ice provider’’ and inserting ‘‘a provider’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘seek’’ and inserting ‘‘search, screen, or scan for’’; (8) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(vi), by striking ‘‘an electronic communication service provider or remote computing service provider’’ and inserting ‘‘a provider’’; and (ii) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in subparagraph (A)(vi) authorizes a law enforcement agency to provide visual depictions of apparent child pornography to a provider.’’; (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
THE NATIONAL CENTER FOR MISSING AND EX -
PLOITED CHILDREN ’’ and inserting ‘‘NCMEC’’; (ii) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children’’ and insert-ing ‘‘NCMEC’’; (II) by inserting after ‘‘may disclose’’ the following: ‘‘by mail, electronic transmission, or other reasonable means,’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘only’’ and inserting ‘‘only to’’; (iii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘to any Federal law enforce-ment agency’’ and inserting ‘‘any Federal law enforcement agency’’; and (II) by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘or that is involved in the investigation of child sexual exploi-tation, kidnapping, or enticement crimes’’; (iv) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘to any State’’ and insert-ing ‘‘any State’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27SE6.020 S27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6359 September 27, 2018 
(II) by striking ‘‘child pornography, child exploitation’’ and inserting ‘‘child sexual ex-ploitation’’; (v) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by striking ‘‘to any foreign law enforce-ment agency’’ and inserting ‘‘any foreign law enforcement agency’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting ‘‘or that has an established relationship with the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement, or INTERPOL, and is involved in the investiga-tion of child sexual exploitation, kidnapping, or enticement crimes;’’; (vi) in subparagraph (D)— (I) by striking ‘‘to an electronic commu-nication service provider or remote com-puting service provider’’ and inserting ‘‘a provider’’; and (II) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (vii) by adding after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) respond to legal process, as nec-essary.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) P
ERMITTED DISCLOSURE BY A PRO -
VIDER .—A provider that submits a report under subsection (a)(1) may disclose by mail, electronic transmission, or other reasonable means, information, including visual depic-tions contained in the report, in a manner consistent with permitted disclosures under paragraphs (3) through (8) of section 2702(b) only to a law enforcement agency described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of paragraph (3), to NCMEC, or as necessary to respond to legal process.’’; and (9) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘the notification to an elec-tronic communication service provider or a remote computing service provider by the CyberTipline of receipt of a report’’ and in-serting ‘‘a completed submission by a pro-vider of a report to the CyberTipline’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘, as if such request was made pursuant to section 2703(f)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the contents provided in the report for 90 days after the submission to the CyberTipline’’; (B) by striking paragraph (2); (C) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (5) as paragraphs (2) through (4), re-spectively; (D) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
IMAGES ’’ and inserting ‘‘
CONTENT ’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘an electronic communica-tion service provider or a remote computing service’’ and inserting ‘‘a provider’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘images’’ and inserting ‘‘visual depictions’’; and (iv) by striking ‘‘commingled or inter-spersed among the images of apparent child pornography within a particular communica-tion or user created folder or directory’’ and inserting ‘‘reasonably accessible and may provide context or additional information about the reported material or person’’; and (E) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘An electronic communication serv-ice or remote computing service’’ and insert-ing ‘‘A provider’’. 
SEC. 3. LIMITED LIABILITY FOR PROVIDERS OR DOMAIN NAME REGISTRARS. 
Section 2258B of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading— (A) by striking ‘‘electronic communication service providers, remote computing service providers,’’ and inserting ‘‘providers’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘registrar’’ and inserting ‘‘registrars’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘an electronic communica-tion service provider, a remote computing service provider,’’ and inserting ‘‘a pro-vider’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘such electronic commu-nication service provider, remote computing service provider,’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘such provider’’; (3) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘elec-tronic communication service provider, re-mote computing service provider,’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘provider’’; and (4) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘image’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘visual depiction’’; and (B) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘An electronic communication service provider, a remote computing service provider,’’ and inserting ‘‘A provider’’. SEC. 4. USE TO COMBAT CHILD PORNOGRAPHY OF TECHNICAL ELEMENTS RELAT-ING TO REPORTS MADE TO CYBERTIPLINE. 
Section 2258C of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ to images reported to’’ and inserting ‘‘to reports made to’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children’’ and insert-ing ‘‘NCMEC’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘apparent child pornog-raphy image of an identified child’’ and in-serting ‘‘CyberTipline report’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘an electronic communica-tion service provider or a remote computing service provider’’ and inserting ‘‘a provider’’; (iv) by striking ‘‘that electronic commu-nication service provider or remote com-puting service provider’’ and inserting ‘‘that provider’’; and (v) by striking ‘‘further transmission of images’’ and inserting ‘‘online sexual exploi-tation of children’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘specific image, Internet location of images, and other technological elements that can be used to identify and stop the transmission of child pornography’’ and inserting ‘‘specific visual depiction, including an Internet loca-tion and any other elements provided in a CyberTipline report that can be used to iden-tify, prevent, curtail, or stop the trans-mission of child pornography and prevent the online sexual exploitation of children’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘actual images’’ and inserting ‘‘actual visual depic-tions of apparent child pornography’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘E
LEC-
TRONIC COMMUNICATION SERVICE PROVIDERS  
ANDREMOTE COMPUTING SERVICE PROVIDERS ’’ and inserting ‘‘P
ROVIDERS ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘electronic communication service provider or remote computing service provider’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘provider’’; (C) by striking ‘‘apparent child pornog-raphy image of an identified child from the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children’’ and inserting ‘‘CyberTipline re-port from NCMEC’’; (D) by striking ‘‘shall not relieve that’’ and inserting ‘‘shall not relieve the’’; and (E) by striking ‘‘its reporting obligations’’ and inserting ‘‘reporting’’; (4) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘electronic communication service providers or remote computing serv-ice providers’’ and inserting ‘‘providers’’; (B) by striking ‘‘apparent child pornog-raphy image of an identified child from the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children’’ and inserting ‘‘CyberTipline re-port from NCMEC’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘further transmission of the images’’ and inserting ‘‘online sexual ex-ploitation of children’’; (5) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking ‘‘The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children shall’’ and inserting ‘‘NCMEC may’’; (B) by inserting after ‘‘local law enforce-ment’’ the following: ‘‘, and to foreign law enforcement agencies described in section 2258A(c)(3),’’; (C) by striking ‘‘investigation of child por-nography’’ and inserting ‘‘investigation of child sexual exploitation’’; (D) by striking ‘‘image of an identified child’’ and inserting ‘‘visual depiction’’; and (E) by striking ‘‘reported to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children’’ and inserting ‘‘reported to the CyberTipline’’; and (6) in subsection (e)— (A) by inserting before ‘‘Federal’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘foreign,’’; (B) by striking ‘‘image of an identified child from the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children under section (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘visual depiction from NCMEC under subsection (d)’’; (C) by striking ‘‘child pornography crimes’’ and inserting ‘‘child sexual exploitation crimes,’’; and (D) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘and prevent future sex-ual victimization of children’’. SEC. 5. LIMITED LIABILITY FOR NCMEC. 
Section 2258D of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ the Na- tional Center for Missing and Exploited Chil-dren’’ and inserting ‘‘NCMEC’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘Except as provided’’ and inserting ‘‘Pursuant to its clearinghouse role as a private, nonprofit organization and its mission to help find missing children, reduce online sexual exploitation of children and prevent future victimization, and except as provided’’; (B) by striking ‘‘the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children’’ and insert-ing ‘‘NCMEC’’; (C) by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 5773)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(34 U.S.C. 11293)’’; (D) by striking ‘‘such center’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘NCMEC’’; and (E) by striking ‘‘from the effort’’ and in-serting ‘‘from the efforts’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children’’ and insert-ing ‘‘NCMEC’’; (B) by striking ‘‘such center’’ and inserting ‘‘NCMEC’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 5773)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(34 U.S.C. 11293)’’; and (4) in subsection (d)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children’’ and inserting ‘‘NCMEC’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘image’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘visual depiction’’. 
SEC. 6. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 2258E of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2258D’’ and inserting ‘‘2258E’’; (2) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-graph (8); and (4) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(6) the term ‘provider’ means an elec-tronic communication service provider or re-mote computing service; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27SE6.020 S27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6360 September 27, 2018 
‘‘(7) the term ‘NCMEC’ means the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children; and’’. 
SEC. 7. TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND-MENT. 
The table of sections for chapter 110 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking the items relating to sections 2258A, 2258B, 2258C, and 2258D and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘2258A. Reporting requirements of providers. ‘‘2258B. Limited liability for providers or do-main name registrars. ‘‘2258C. Use to combat child pornography of technical elements relating to reports made to the CyberTipline. ‘‘2258D. Limited liability for NCMEC.’’. 
SA 4024. Mr. PERDUE (for Mr. G
RASSLEY ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 3354, to amend the Missing Children’s Assistance Act, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Missing Children’s Assistance Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. IMPROVING SUPPORT FOR MISSING AND EXPLOITED CHILDREN. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Section 402 of the Missing Children’s Assistance Act (34 U.S.C. 11291) is amended— (1) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) each year tens of thousands of children run away, or are abducted or removed, from the control of a parent having legal custody without the consent of that parent, under circumstances which immediately place the child in grave danger;’’; (2) by striking paragraphs (4), (5), and (9); (3) by redesignating paragraphs (6), (7), (8), and (10) as paragraphs (4), (5), (6), and (7), re-spectively; (4) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, by inserting ‘‘, including child sex trafficking and sextortion’’ after ‘‘exploitation’’; (5) in paragraph (6), as so redesignated, by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (6) by amending paragraph (7), as so redes-ignated, to read as follows: ‘‘(7) the Office of Juvenile Justice and De-linquency Prevention administers programs under this title, including programs that prevent and address offenses committed against vulnerable children and support missing children’s organizations, including the National Center for Missing and Ex-ploited Children that— ‘‘(A) serves as a nonprofit, national re-source center and clearinghouse to provide assistance to victims, families, child-serving professionals, and the general public; ‘‘(B) works with the Department of Jus-tice, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the United States Marshals Service, the De-partment of the Treasury, the Department of State, U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement, the United States Secret Service, the United States Postal Inspection Service, other agencies, and nongovernmental organi-zations in the effort to find missing children and to prevent child victimization; and ‘‘(C) coordinates with each of the missing children clearinghouses operated by the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and international organizations to transmit images and information regarding missing and exploited children to law en-forcement agencies, nongovernmental orga-nizations, and corporate partners across the United States and around the world in-stantly.’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 403 of the Miss-ing Children’s Assistance Act (34 U.S.C. 11292) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) the term ‘missing child’ means any in-dividual less than 18 years of age whose whereabouts are unknown to such individ-ual’s parent;’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) the term ‘parent’ includes a legal guardian or other individual who may law-fully exercise parental rights with respect to the child.’’. (c) DUTIES AND FUNCTIONS OF THE ADMINIS -
TRATOR .—Section 404 of the Missing Chil-dren’s Assistance Act (34 U.S.C. 11293) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘tele-phone line’’ and inserting ‘‘hotline’’; and (B) in paragraph (6)(E)— (i) by striking ‘‘telephone line’’ and insert-ing ‘‘hotline’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘(b)(1)(A) and’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(b)(1)(A),’’; and (iii) by inserting ‘‘, and the number and types of reports to the tipline established under subsection (b)(1)(K)(i)’’ before the semicolon at the end; (2) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘telephone line’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘hotline’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘legal custodian’’ and in-serting ‘‘parent’’; (B) in subparagraph (C)— (i) in clause (i)— (I) by striking ‘‘restaurant’’ and inserting ‘‘food’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (ii) by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) innovative and model programs, serv-ices, and legislation that benefit missing and exploited children;’’; (C) by striking subparagraphs (E), (F), (G), (L), (M), (P) and (R); (D) by redesignating subparagraphs (H) through (K) as subparagraphs (E) through (H), respectively; (E) by redesignating subparagraphs (N) and (O) as subparagraphs (I) and (J), respectively; (F) by redesignating subparagraph (Q) as subparagraph (K); (G) by redesignating subparagraphs (S) through (V) as subparagraphs (L) through (O), respectively; (H) by amending subparagraph (E), as so redesignated, to read as follows: ‘‘(E) provide technical assistance and training to families, law enforcement agen-cies, State and local governments, elements of the criminal justice system, nongovern-mental agencies, local educational agencies, and the general public— ‘‘(i) in the prevention, investigation, pros-ecution, and treatment of cases involving missing and exploited children; ‘‘(ii) to respond to foster children missing from the State child welfare system in co-ordination with child welfare agencies and courts handling juvenile justice and depend-ency matters; and ‘‘(iii) in the identification, location, and recovery of victims of, and children at risk for, child sex trafficking;’’; (I) by amending subparagraphs (F), (G), and (H), as so redesignated, to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(F) provide assistance to families, law en-forcement agencies, State and local govern-ments, nongovernmental agencies, child- serving professionals, and other individuals involved in the location and recovery of missing and abducted children nationally and, in cooperation with the Department of State, internationally; ‘‘(G) provide support and technical assist-ance to child-serving professionals involved in helping to recover missing and exploited children by searching public records data-bases to help in the identification, location, and recovery of such children, and help in the location and identification of potential abductors and offenders; ‘‘(H) provide forensic and direct on-site technical assistance and consultation to families, law enforcement agencies, child- serving professionals, and nongovernmental organizations in child abduction and exploi-tation cases, including facial reconstruction of skeletal remains and similar techniques to assist in the identification of unidentified deceased children;’’; (J) by amending subparagraph (I), as so re-designated, to read as follows: ‘‘(I) provide training, technical assistance, and information to nongovernmental organi-zations relating to non-compliant sex offend-ers and to law enforcement agencies in iden-tifying and locating such individuals;’’; (K) by amending subparagraph (K), as so redesignated, to read as follows: ‘‘(K) work with families, law enforcement agencies, electronic service providers, elec-tronic payment service providers, tech-nology companies, nongovernmental organi-zations, and others on methods to reduce the existence and distribution of online images and videos of sexually exploited children— ‘‘(i) by operating a tipline to— ‘‘(I) provide to individuals and electronic service providers an effective means of re-porting internet-related and other instances of child sexual exploitation in the areas of— ‘‘(aa) possession, manufacture, and dis-tribution of child pornography; ‘‘(bb) online enticement of children for sex-ual acts; ‘‘(cc) child sex trafficking; ‘‘(dd) sex tourism involving children; ‘‘(ee) extra-familial child sexual molesta-tion; ‘‘(ff) unsolicited obscene material sent to a child; ‘‘(gg) misleading domain names; and ‘‘(hh) misleading words or digital images on the internet; and ‘‘(II) make reports received through the tipline available to the appropriate law en-forcement agency for its review and poten-tial investigation; ‘‘(ii) by operating a child victim identifica-tion program to assist law enforcement agencies in identifying victims of child por-nography and other sexual crimes to support the recovery of children from sexually ex-ploitative situations; and ‘‘(iii) by utilizing emerging technologies to provide additional outreach and educational materials to parents and families;’’; and (L) by amending subparagraphs (L) and (M), as so redesignated, to read as follows: ‘‘(L) develop and disseminate programs and information to families, child-serving profes-sionals, law enforcement agencies, State and local governments, nongovernmental organi-zations, schools, local educational agencies, child-serving organizations, and the general public on— ‘‘(i) the prevention of child abduction and sexual exploitation; ‘‘(ii) internet safety, including tips for so-cial media and cyberbullying; and ‘‘(iii) sexting and sextortion; ‘‘(M) provide technical assistance and training to local educational agencies, schools, State and local law enforcement agencies, individuals, and other nongovern-mental organizations that assist with find-ing missing and abducted children in identi-fying and recovering such children;’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27SE6.020 S27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6361 September 27, 2018 
(d) G RANTS .—Section 405 of the Missing Children’s Assistance Act (34 U.S.C. 11294) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘(as de-fined in section 403(1)(A))’’; and (B) in paragraph (8)— (i) by striking ‘‘legal custodians’’ and in-serting ‘‘parents’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘custodians’’’ and inserting ‘‘parents’’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘legal custodians’’ and inserting ‘‘parents’’. (e) R
EPORTING .—The Missing Children’s As-sistance Act (34 U.S.C. 11291 et seq.) is amended— (1) by redesignating sections 407 and 408 as sections 408 and 409, respectively; and (2) by inserting after section 406 (34 U.S.C. 11295) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 407. REPORTING. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIRED REPORTING .—As a condition of receiving funds under section 404(b), the grant recipient shall, based solely on reports received by the grantee and not involving any data collection by the grantee other than those reports, annually provide to the Administrator and make available to the general public, as appropriate— ‘‘(1) the number of children nationwide who are reported to the grantee as missing; ‘‘(2) the number of children nationwide who are reported to the grantee as victims of non-family abductions; ‘‘(3) the number of children nationwide who are reported to the grantee as victims of family abductions; and ‘‘(4) the number of missing children recov-ered nationwide whose recovery was reported to the grantee. ‘‘(b) I
NCIDENCE OF ATTEMPTED CHILD AB-
DUCTIONS .—As a condition of receiving funds under section 404(b), the grant recipient shall— ‘‘(1) track the incidence of attempted child abductions in order to identify links and pat-terns; ‘‘(2) provide such information to law en-forcement agencies; and ‘‘(3) make such information available to the general public, as appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 3. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS; AUDIT REQUIREMENT. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 409(a) of the Missing Children’s As-sistance Act, as so redesignated by section 2, is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (b) A
UDIT REQUIREMENT .—Section 408(1) of the Missing Children’s Assistance Act, as so redesignated by section 2, is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 4. EFFECTIVE DATE; APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS. 
(a) E FFECTIVE DATE.—Except as provided in subsection (b), this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) A
PPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS .—The amendments made by section 2 shall apply with respect to fiscal years that begin after September 30, 2018. 
SA 4025. Mr. PERDUE (for Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1768, to reauthorize and amend the National Earthquake Hazards Re-duction Program, and for other pur-poses; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program Re-authorization Act of 2018’’. SEC. 2. MODIFICATION OF FINDINGS AND PUR-POSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Section 2 of the Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7701) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico,’’ after ‘‘States’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘Oregon,’’ after ‘‘New York,’’; and (C) by inserting ‘‘Tennessee,’’ after ‘‘South Carolina’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘prediction techniques and’’; (3) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) A well-funded seismological research program could provide the scientific under-standing needed to fully implement an effec-tive earthquake early warning system.’’; (4) in paragraphs (6) and (7), by striking ‘‘lifelines’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘lifeline infrastructure’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(12) The built environment has generally been constructed and maintained to meet the needs of the users under normal condi-tions. When earthquakes occur, the built en-vironment is generally designed to prevent severe injuries or loss of human life and is not expected to remain operational or able to recover under any specified schedule. ‘‘(13) The National Research Council pub-lished a study on reducing hazards and risks associated with earthquakes based on the goals and objectives for achieving national earthquake resilience described in the stra-tegic plan entitled ‘Strategic Plan for the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program’. The study and an accompanying report called for work in 18 tasks focused on research, preparedness, and mitigation and annual funding of approximately $300,000,000 per year for 20 years.’’. (b) P
URPOSE .—Section 3 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 7702) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘and in-crease the resilience of communities’’ after ‘‘future earthquakes’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘to indi-viduals and the communities’’ after ‘‘an earthquake’’; (3) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘in time of disaster’’ and inserting ‘‘to facilitate com-munity-wide post-earthquake recovery and in times of disaster’’; (4) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘for pre-dicting damaging earthquakes and’’; (5) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘and plan-ning’’ after ‘‘model building’’; and (6) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘recon-struction’’ and inserting ‘‘re-occupancy, re-covery, reconstruction,’’. (c) D
EFINITIONS .— (1) L
IFELINE INFRASTRUCTURE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 4(6) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 7703(6)) is amended by striking ‘‘lifelines’’ and inserting ‘‘lifeline infrastruc-ture’’. (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Such Act (42 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.) is amended by striking ‘‘lifelines’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘lifeline infrastructure’’. (2) C
OMMUNITY RESILIENCE .—Section 4 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 7703) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(10) The term ‘community resilience’ means the ability of a community to prepare and plan for, absorb, recover from, and more successfully adapt to adverse seismic events.’’. 
SEC. 3. MODIFICATION OF NATIONAL EARTH-QUAKE HAZARDS REDUCTION PRO-GRAM. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF PROGRAM ACTIVITIES .— Subsection (a)(2) of section 5 of the Earth-quake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7704) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B)— (A) in clause (iii), by inserting ‘‘, commu-nity resilience,’’ after ‘‘seismic risk’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) publishing a systematic set of maps of active faults and folds, liquefaction sus-ceptibility, susceptibility for earthquake in-duced landslides, and other seismically in-duced hazards; and’’; and (2) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘de-velop, operate’’ and all that follows through ‘‘7708),’’ and inserting ‘‘continue the develop-ment of the Advanced National Seismic Sys-tem, including earthquake early warning ca-pabilities’’. (b) AMENDMENTS RELATING TO INTERAGENCY  C
OORDINATING COMMITTEE ON EARTHQUAKE  H
AZARDS REDUCTION .— (1) C
LARIFICATION REGARDING MEMBER -
SHIP.—Subparagraph (B) of subsection (a)(3) of such section is amended, in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘The com-mittee’’ and inserting ‘‘In addition to the Di-rector, the committee’’. (2) R
EDUCTION IN MINIMUM FREQUENCY OF  
MEETINGS OF INTERAGENCY COORDINATING COM -
MITTEE ON EARTHQUAKE HAZARDS REDUC -
TION.—Subparagraph (C) of such subsection is amended by striking ‘‘not less than 3 times a year’’ and inserting ‘‘not less fre-quently than once each year’’. (3) E
XPANSION OF DUTIES .—Subparagraph (D) of such subsection is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(D) D
UTIES .— ‘‘(i) G
ENERAL DUTY .—The Interagency Co-ordinating Committee shall oversee the planning, management, and coordination of the Program. ‘‘(ii) S
PECIFIC DUTIES .—The duties of the Interagency Coordinating Committee in-clude the following: ‘‘(I) Developing, not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of the Na-tional Earthquake Hazards Reduction Pro-gram Reauthorization Act of 2004 and updat-ing periodically— ‘‘(aa) a strategic plan that establishes goals and priorities for the Program activi-ties described under subsection (a)(2); and ‘‘(bb) a detailed management plan to im-plement such strategic plan. ‘‘(II) Developing a coordinated interagency budget for the Program that will ensure ap-propriate balance among the Program activi-ties described under subsection (a)(2), and, in accordance with the plans developed under subclause (I), submitting such budget to the Director of the Office of Management and Budget at the time designated by the Direc-tor for agencies to submit biennial budgets. ‘‘(III) Developing interagency memoran-dums of understanding with any relevant Federal agencies on data sharing and re-source commitment in the event of an earth-quake disaster. ‘‘(IV) Coordinating with the Interagency Coordinating Committee on Windstorm Im-pact Reduction and other natural hazards co-ordination committees as the Director deter-mines appropriate to share data and best practices. ‘‘(V) Coordinating with the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration and the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Adminis-tration on data sharing and resource alloca-tion to ensure judicious use of Government resources and the free-flowing exchange of information related to earthquakes. ‘‘(VI) Coordinating with the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of the Interior on the use of public lands for earthquake monitoring and research stations, and re-lated data collection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27SE6.023 S27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6362 September 27, 2018 
‘‘(VII) Coordinating with the Secretary of Transportation and the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development on the effects of earthquakes on transportation and housing stocks. ‘‘(iii) A
SSISTANCE FROM SECRETARY OF AGRI -
CULTURE AND SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR .— To the extent practicable, the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of the Interior shall expedite any request for a permit to use public land under clause (ii)(VI).’’. (4) R
EDUCTION IN FREQUENCY OF REPORTING  
BY INTERAGENCY COORDINATING COMMITTEE ON  
EARTHQUAKE HAZARDS REDUCTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (a)(4) of such section is amended— (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘A
NNUAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘B IENNIAL ’’; (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (F) as clauses (i) through (vi), re-spectively, and adjusting the indentation of the margin of such clauses, as so redesig-nated, two ems to the right; (iii) in clause (v), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (iv) in clause (vi), as so redesignated, by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; (v) by inserting after clause (vi), as so re-designated, the following: ‘‘(vii) a statement regarding whether the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency has lowered or waived the cost share requirement for assistance provided under subsection (b)(2)(A)(i).’’; (vi) in the matter preceding clause (i), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘The Inter-agency’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Sen-ate’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not less frequently than once every two years, the Interagency Co-ordinating Committee shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a report on the Program’’; and (vii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) S
UPPORT FOR PREPARATION OF RE -
PORT .—Each head of a Program agency shall submit to the Director of the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology such infor-mation as the Director may request for the preparation of a report under subparagraph (A) not later than 90 days after the date on which the Director requests such informa-tion.’’. (B) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by subparagraph (A) shall take effect on the first day of the first fiscal year begin-ning after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) M
ODIFICATION OF RESPONSIBILITIES OF  N
ATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND  T
ECHNOLOGY .—Subsection (b) of such section is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and constructing,’’ and inserting ‘‘constructing, evaluating, and retrofitting’’; and (B) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘pro-vide new and’’ after ‘‘research to’’; and (2) in paragraph (5), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), in the first sen-tence, by inserting ‘‘community resilience through’’ after ‘‘improve’’. (d) M
ODIFICATION OF RESPONSIBILITIES OF  F
EDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGEN-
CY.—Paragraph (2) of subsection (b) of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) D
EPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY ; 
FEDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGENCY .— ‘‘(A) PROGRAM RESPONSIBILITIES .—The Ad- ministrator of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency— ‘‘(i) shall operate a program of grants and assistance to enable States to develop miti-gation, preparedness, and response plans, purchase necessary instrumentation, prepare inventories and conduct seismic safety in-spections of critical structures and lifeline infrastructure, update building, land use planning, and zoning codes and ordinances to enhance seismic safety, increase earthquake awareness and education, and provide assist-ance to multi-State groups for such pur-poses; ‘‘(ii) shall support the implementation of a comprehensive earthquake education, out-reach, and public awareness program, includ-ing development of materials and their wide dissemination to all appropriate audiences and support public access to locality-specific information that may assist the public in preparing for, mitigating against, responding to and recovering from earthquakes and re-lated disasters; ‘‘(iii) shall, in conjunction with the Direc-tor of the National Institute of Standards and Technology, other Federal agencies, and private sector groups, use research results to support the preparation, maintenance, and wide dissemination of seismic resistant de-sign guidance and related information on building codes, standards, and practices for new and existing buildings, structures, and lifeline infrastructure, aid in the develop-ment of performance-based design guidelines and methodologies, and support model codes that are cost effective and affordable in order to promote better practices within the design and construction industry and reduce losses from earthquakes; ‘‘(iv) shall enter into cooperative agree-ments or contracts with States and local ju-risdictions and other Federal agencies to es-tablish demonstration projects on earth-quake hazard mitigation, to link earthquake research and mitigation efforts with emer-gency management programs, or to prepare educational materials for national distribu-tion; and ‘‘(v) shall support the Director of the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Technology in the completion of programmatic goals. ‘‘(B) S
TATE ASSISTANCE PROGRAM CRI -
TERIA .—In order to qualify for assistance under subparagraph (A)(i), a State must— ‘‘(i) demonstrate that the assistance will result in enhanced seismic safety in the State; ‘‘(ii) provide 25 percent of the costs of the activities for which assistance is being given, except that the Administrator may lower or waive the cost-share requirement for these activities for a small impoverished community, as defined in section 203 of the Disaster Relief Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5133(a)); and ‘‘(iii) meet such other requirements as the Administrator shall prescribe.’’. (e) M
ODIFICATION OF RESPONSIBILITIES OF  U
NITED STATES GEOLOGICAL SURVEY .—Sub- section (b)(3) of such section is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), in the first sentence— (A) by inserting ‘‘report on significant do-mestic and international earthquakes and’’ after ‘‘Survey shall’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘predictions.’’ and insert-ing ‘‘forecasts.’’; (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘pre-dictions, including aftershock advisories’’ and inserting ‘‘alerts and early warnings’’; (3) by striking subparagraph (D) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(D) issue when necessary and feasible, and notify the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the Direc-tor of the National Institute of Standards and Technology, and State and local offi-cials, an alert and an earthquake warning;’’; (4) in subparagraph (E), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘using’’ and in-serting ‘‘including’’; (5) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (6) in subparagraph (J)— (A) by inserting ‘‘and data’’ after ‘‘hazard maps’’; and (B) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (7) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(K) support the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology in the completion of programmatic goals.’’. (f) MODIFICATION OF RESPONSIBILITIES OF  N
ATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION .—Subsection (b)(4) of such section is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘, State agencies, State geological surveys,’’ after ‘‘consortia’’; (2) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘to support applied science in the production of a systematic series of earthquake-related geologic hazard maps, and’’ after ‘‘Survey’’; (3) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘large- scale experimental and computational facili-ties of the George E. Brown Jr. Network for Earthquake Engineering Simulation and other institutions engaged in research and the implementation of the National Earth-quake Hazards Reduction Program’’ and in-serting ‘‘experimental and computational fa-cilities’’; (4) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (5) in subparagraph (H), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; (6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) support the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology in the completion of programmatic goals.’’; (7) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (I) as clauses (i) through (ix), respec-tively, and indenting such clauses accord-ingly; (8) in the matter before clause (i), as redes-ignated by paragraph (7), in the first sen-tence, by striking ‘‘The National Science Foundation’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The National Science Foundation’’; and (9) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) I
DENTIFICATION OF FUNDING .—The Na- tional Science Foundation shall— ‘‘(i) to the extent practicable, note in any notice of Program funding or other funding possibilities under the Program that the funds are part of the Program; ‘‘(ii) to the extent practicable, track the awarding of Federal funds through the Pro-gram; and ‘‘(iii) not less frequently than once every 2 years, submit to the director of the Program a report specifying the amount of Federal funds awarded to conduct research that en-hances the understanding of earthquake science.’’. 
SEC. 4. REVIEW OF THE NATIONAL EARTHQUAKE HAZARD REDUCTION PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As soon as practicable, but not later than such date as is necessary for the Comptroller General of the United States to submit the report required by sub-section (c) in accordance with such sub-section, the Comptroller General shall com-plete a review of Federal earthquake hazard risk reduction efforts. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The review conducted under subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: (1) A comprehensive assessment of— (A) the extent to which the United States Geological Survey has identified the risks and hazards to the United States posed by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27SE6.024 S27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6363 September 27, 2018 
earthquakes, including risks and hazards re-sulting from tsunamis and landslides that are generated by earthquakes; (B) the efforts of the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology to im-prove the resilience of the United States to earthquakes and to identify important gaps in the resilience of the United States to earthquakes; (C) the progress made by the National In-stitute of Standards and Technology and the Interagency Coordinating Committee (as de-fined in section 4 the Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977 of the Earthquake Haz-ards Reduction Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7703)) to coordinate effectively the budget and activi-ties of the Program agencies (as defined in such section 4) in advancing the plans and goals of the Program (as defined in such sec-tion 4) and how coordination among the Pro-gram agencies may be improved; (D) the extent to which the results of re-search in earthquake risk and hazards reduc-tion supported by the National Science Foundation during the 40 years of the Pro-gram has been effectively disseminated to Federal, State, local, and private sector stakeholders; and (E) the extent to which the research done during the 40 years of the Program has been applied to both public and private earth-quake risk and hazards reduction. (2) Recommendations to improve the Pro-gram and the resiliency of the United States to earthquake risks. (c) R
EPORT .—As soon as practicable, but not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation, the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources, and the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, the Committee on Natural Resources, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a report on the findings of the Comptroller General with respect to the review com-pleted under subsection (a). 
SEC. 5. SEISMIC STANDARDS. 
Section 8 of the Earthquake Hazards Re-duction Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7705b) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 8. SEISMIC STANDARDS. 
‘‘(a) A SSESSMENT AND RECOMMENDATIONS .— Not later than December 1, 2019, the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology and the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall jointly convene a committee of experts from Federal agencies, nongovernmental or-ganizations, private sector entities, disaster management professional associations, engi-neering professional associations, and profes-sional construction and homebuilding indus-try associations, to assess and recommend options for improving the built environment and critical infrastructure to reflect per-formance goals stated in terms of post-earth-quake reoccupancy and functional recovery time. ‘‘(b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than June 30, 2020, the committee convened under paragraph (1) shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources, and the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, the Committee on Natural Resources, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a report on recommended options for improv-ing the built environment and critical infra-structure to reflect performance goals stated in terms of post-earthquake reoccupancy and functional recovery time.’’. SEC. 6. MANAGEMENT PLAN FOR ADVANCED NA-TIONAL SEISMIC SYSTEM. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the United States Geological Survey shall submit to Congress a 5-year management plan for the continued operation of the Ad-vanced National Seismic System. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) Strategies to continue the development of an earthquake early warning system. (2) A mechanism for securing the participa-tion of State and regional level earthquake monitoring entities, including those defunded by the Advanced National Seismic System in the last five years. (3) A plan to encourage and support the in-tegration of geodetic and geospatial data products into earthquake monitoring in re-gions experiencing large earthquakes. (4) A plan to identify and evaluate existing data sets available across commercial, civil, and defense entities to determine if there are additional data sources to inform the devel-opment and deployment of the Advanced Na-tional Seismic System and an earthquake early warning system. (5) A plan to ensure that there is an active, geographically diverse, management and ad-visory structure for the Advanced National Seismic System. 
SEC. 7. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 12 of the Earthquake Hazards Re-duction Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7706) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a)(8)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (B) by inserting before the language fol-lowing subparagraph (E) the following: ‘‘(F) $8,758,000 for fiscal year 2019, ‘‘(G) $8,758,000 for fiscal year 2020, ‘‘(H) $8,758,000 for fiscal year 2021, ‘‘(I) $8,758,000 for fiscal year 2022, and ‘‘(J) $8,758,000 for fiscal year 2023,’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) $83,403,000 for fiscal year 2019, of which not less than $30,000,000 shall be made avail-able for completion of the Advanced Na-tional Seismic System established under sec-tion 7707 of this title; ‘‘(G) $83,403,000 for fiscal year 2020, of which not less than $30,000,000 shall be made avail-able for completion of the Advanced Na-tional Seismic System established under sec-tion 7707 of this title; ‘‘(H) $83,403,000 for fiscal year 2021, of which not less than $30,000,000 shall be made avail-able for completion of the Advanced Na-tional Seismic System established under sec-tion 7707 of this title; ‘‘(I) $83,403,000 for fiscal year 2022, of which not less than $30,000,000 shall be made avail-able for completion of the Advanced Na-tional Seismic System established under sec-tion 7707 of this title; and ‘‘(J) $83,403,000 for fiscal year 2023, of which not less than $30,000,000 shall be made avail-able for completion of the Advanced Na-tional Seismic System established under sec-tion 7707 of this title.’’; (3) in subsection (c)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) $54,000,000 for fiscal year 2019, ‘‘(G) $54,000,000 for fiscal year 2020, ‘‘(H) $54,000,000 for fiscal year 2021, ‘‘(I) $54,000,000 for fiscal year 2022, and ‘‘(J) $54,000,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’; and (4) in subsection (d)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (B) by inserting before the language fol-lowing subparagraph (E) the following: ‘‘(F) $5,900,000 for fiscal year 2019, ‘‘(G) $5,900,000 for fiscal year 2020, ‘‘(H) $5,900,000 for fiscal year 2021, ‘‘(I) $5,900,000 for fiscal year 2022, and ‘‘(J) $5,900,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’. SEC. 8. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS. 
(a) C ORRECTION OF TITLE OF ADMINISTRATOR  
OF THE FEDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT  A
GENCY .—The Earthquake Hazards Reduc-tion Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 5 (42 U.S.C. 7704)— (A) in subsection (a)(3)(B), as amended by section 3(b)(1) of this Act— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘the directors of’’; (ii) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘the Admin-istrator of’’ before ‘‘the’’; and (iii) in clauses (ii) through (v), by inserting ‘‘the Director of’’ before ‘‘the’’ each place it appears; and (B) in subsection (b)(3)(C), as amended by section 3(e), by striking ‘‘Director of the Federal’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Federal’’; and (2) in section 9 (42 U.S.C. 7705c), by striking ‘‘Director of the Agency’’ and inserting ‘‘Ad-ministrator of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency’’ each place it appears. (b) R
EFERENCES TO THE ADVANCED NA-
TIONAL SEISMIC SYSTEM .—Such Act is amend-ed— (1) in section 13 (42 U.S.C. 7707), in the sec-tion heading, by striking ‘‘
ADVANCED NA -
TIONAL SEISMIC RESEARCH AND MONITORING SYS -
TEM’’ and inserting ‘‘ ADVANCED NATIONAL SEIS -
MIC SYSTEM ’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘Advanced National Seis-mic Research and Monitoring System’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Advanced Na-tional Seismic System’’. (c) I
NCORRECT CROSS-REFERENCES .—Para- graph (4) of section 5(a) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 7704(a)), as amended by section 3(b)(4)(A) of this Act, is amended— (1) in clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (A), as redesignated by such section 3(b)(4)(A), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (3)(A)’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘para-graph (3)(D)(i)(I)’’; and (2) in clause (iii), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘under (3)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘under paragraph (3)(D)(i)(I)’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I have 4 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, September 27, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Gordon Hartogensis, of Connecticut, to be Di-rector of the Pension Benefit Guaranty 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27SE6.024 S27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6364 September 27, 2018 
Corporation, and Gail S. Ennis, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, So-cial Security Administration. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, September 27, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the nomination of Honorable Brett M. Kavanaugh. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, September 27, 2018, at 2 p.m., to con-duct a closed hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON REGULATORY AFFAIRS AND  
FEDERAL MANAGEMENT  
The Subcommittee on Regulatory Af-fairs and Federal Management of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, September 27, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Examination of Regulatory Policy on the Economy and Business Growth.’’ 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR—H.R. 6287 Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I under-stand that there is a bill at the desk that is due for a second reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the title of the bill for the second time. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 6287) to provide competitive grants for the operation, security, and main-tenance of certain memorials to victims of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001. 
Mr. PERDUE. In order to place the bill on the calendar under the provi-sions of rule XIV, I would object to fur-ther proceedings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the bill will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
CYBERTIPLINE MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 582, S. 3170. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 3170) to amend title 18, United States Code, to make certain changes to the reporting requirement of certain service pro-viders regarding child sexual exploitation visual depictions, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. PERDUE. I ask unanimous con-sent that the Grassley amendment at the desk be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 4023) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The bill (S. 3170), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
MISSING CHILDREN’S ASSISTANCE ACT OF 2018 Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 583, S. 3354, sub-mitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 3354) to amend the Missing Chil-dren’s Assistance Act, and for other pur-poses. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Grassley amendment at the desk be agreed to, and that the bill, as amended, be con-sidered read a third time and passed, and that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 4024) was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The bill (S. 3354), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
NATIONAL EARTHQUAKE HAZARDS REDUCTION PROGRAM REAU-THORIZATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 568, S. 1768. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1768) to reauthorize and amend the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I fur-ther ask that the committee-reported substitute be withdrawn, the Feinstein substitute amendment at desk be con-sidered and agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported substitute amendment was withdrawn. The amendment (No. 4025) was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The bill (S. 1768), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
WOMEN IN AEROSPACE EDUCATION ACT Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 557, H.R. 4254. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4254) to amend the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 to strengthen the aerospace workforce pipeline by the promotion of Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program and National Aeronautics and Space Administration in-ternship and fellowship opportunities to women, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Women in Aero-space Education Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ROBERT NOYCE TEACHER SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM FELLOWSHIP OPPORTUNI-TIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The National Science Foun-dation Authorization Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–368; 42 U.S.C. 1862n et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 10(a)(3)(A)(iv), by inserting ‘‘, including research experiences at national lab-oratories and NASA centers’’ before the semi-colon; and (2) in section 10A(c)(4)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) providing internship opportunities for fellows, including research experiences at na-tional laboratories and NASA Centers.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to grants awarded on or after October 1, 2018. 
SEC. 3. NASA INTERNSHIP AND FELLOWSHIP OP-PORTUNITIES. 
Not later than October 1, 2018, the Adminis-trator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (in this section referred to as ‘‘NASA’’) shall institute a process to encourage the recruitment of qualified candidates who are women or individuals who are underrepresented in the fields of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) and computer science for internships and fellowships at NASA with relevance to the aerospace sector and related fields. 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendment be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:24 Sep 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\SEPTEMBER\S27SE8.REC S27SE8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6365 September 27, 2018 
the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 4254), as amended, was passed. 
f 
NATIONAL KINSHIP CARE MONTH Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 637 and the Senate proceed to its imme-diate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 637) designating Sep-tember 2018 as ‘‘National Kinship Care Month.’’ 
Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. PERDUE. I further ask that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 637) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of September 18, 2018, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RECOGNIZING AND SUPPORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF NA-TIONAL FORENSIC SCIENCE WEEK Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 656, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 656) recognizing and supporting the goals and ideals of National Forensic Science Week. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. PERDUE. I ask unanimous con-sent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no inter-vening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 656) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
NATIONAL ADULT EDUCATION AND FAMILY LITERACY WEEK Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 657, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 657) designating the week of September 23 through 29, 2018, as ‘‘National Adult Education and Family Lit-eracy Week.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. PERDUE. I further ask unani-mous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 657) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
NATIONAL COMMUNITY POLICING WEEK Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 658, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 658) designating the week of September 30 through October 6, 2018, as ‘‘National Community Policing Week.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 658) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 2018 Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 2 p.m., Friday, September 28; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 2 P.M. TOMORROW Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask that it stand ad-journed under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 4:22 p.m., adjourned until Friday, September 28, 2018, at 2 p.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate September 27, 2018: 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
LISA PORTER, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A DEPUTY UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JEFFREY H. HURLBERT 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. MICHAEL J. DUMONT THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. ROBERT D. KATZ 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. MICHAEL T. PLEHN 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. TIMOTHY G. SZYMANSKI 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JAMES E. RAINEY 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. THOMAS J. SHARPY 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G27SE6.008 S27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6366 September 27, 2018 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. DAVID P. GARFIELD THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. TIMOTHY G. FAY 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. GEORGE W. SMITH, JR. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF RYAN J. GARLOW, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF THOMAS T. SWAIM, TO BE COLONEL. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DANN S. CARLSON AND ENDING WITH JOSE I. RUIZ QUINONES, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 17, 2018. 
IN THE ARMY  
ARMY NOMINATION OF MAC B. CARTER, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MICHAEL T. ANDERS AND ENDING WITH D014641, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 20, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MICHAEL J. ADAMSKI AND ENDING WITH G010241, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 20, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH COURTNEY L. ABRAHAM AND ENDING WITH D014311, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 20, 2018. ARMY NOMINATION OF TIMOTHY D. VINCENT, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF MARK J. STANALAJCZO, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF ERIC D. BARGER, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOSEPH V. DERMENJIAN AND ENDING WITH MICHAEL J. TROFINOFF, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 6, 2018. ARMY NOMINATION OF CHRISTOPHER G. HOSSFELD, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF DEJUAN E. GIBLERT, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOHN H. BARKEMEYER AND ENDING WITH D014328, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 6, 2018. ARMY NOMINATION OF JOHN T. WINKLER, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH PEDRO O. AGAPAY III AND ENDING WITH MARK A. WHITE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 6, 2018. ARMY NOMINATION OF JAIME D. BIRMINGHAM, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JEFF A. BLACKARD AND ENDING WITH MATTHEW J. SONGE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 6, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BRIAN J. BUR-TON AND ENDING WITH CHRISTOPHER S. WOOTEN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 6, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH HUGO I. EHUAN AND ENDING WITH MICHAEL K. FLURY, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 6, 2018. ARMY NOMINATION OF KURT J. CYR, TO BE LIEUTEN-ANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF BRIAN D. MCMANUS, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF EDWARD J. MALONEY, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF CRAIG S. GATZEMEYER, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF MICHAEL A. COLLINS, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF ROBERT J. BERNARD, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DEXTER M. BERRY AND ENDING WITH AGNITA M. WILLIAMS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 17, 2018. IN THE MARINE CORPS  
MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF SHAWN A. RICKRODE, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. 
IN THE NAVY  
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JAMES K. SHORT AND ENDING WITH NICHOLAS A. MIDZAK, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 31, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ANDREW P. BESSETTE AND ENDING WITH STANLEY R. WOR-THINGTON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON AUGUST 27, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MARK A. A. ABADILLA AND ENDING WITH JOHN S. YOHANNAN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON AUGUST 27, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ADAM C. ALIANO AND ENDING WITH SHARLENA Y. WILLIAMS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON AUGUST 27, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH WILLIAM A. AGBO AND ENDING WITH GREGORY A. WOLFLEY, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON AUGUST 27, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BENJAMIN P. ARCHER AND ENDING WITH MICHAEL K. YANG, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON AUGUST 27, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JACOB A. ADAMS AND ENDING WITH KENNETH E. ZITNIK, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON AUGUST 27, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ALBETRO ALSHABAZZ AND ENDING WITH BRIAN M. WOOD, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON AUGUST 27, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH NICHOLAS L. ALANDER AND ENDING WITH PATRICK D. WILLIAMS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON AU-GUST 27, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MARK ADJEI AND ENDING WITH DARIAN J. WILDER, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON AUGUST 27, 2018. NAVY NOMINATION OF JULIO L. MATTOS, JR., TO BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DARIN M. AN-DREWS AND ENDING WITH RYAN D. ZACHAR, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 6, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH FRANCIS G. COYLE AND ENDING WITH CHRISTOPHER J. WRIGHT, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 6, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RICHARD E. AR-THUR II AND ENDING WITH BARRY J. WUTZKE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 6, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CLAUDIA I. ALDAY AND ENDING WITH TOSHI L. WILLIAMS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 6, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH KYLE J. ABNER AND ENDING WITH THOMAS W. ZIMMERMAN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 6, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH SCOTT B. AARON AND ENDING WITH SHANNON M. ZOCH, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 6, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JESSICA L. ALEXANDER AND ENDING WITH SENG F. YEE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 6, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MICHAEL K. BEALL AND ENDING WITH WILLIAM N. ZINICOLALAPIN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 6, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RACHEL M. ALTHOUSE AND ENDING WITH JASON P. TABANAN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 6, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH SEAN A. BROPHY AND ENDING WITH JESUS A. URANGA, JR., WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 6, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHRISTOPHER M. ANDREWS AND ENDING WITH JACOB W. ZERCHER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 6, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH EMILY L. ADAMS AND ENDING WITH JACOB C. WILLE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 6, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A27SE6.005 S27SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1315 September 27, 2018 
TRIBUTE TO REVEREND TROY PERRY 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Reverend Troy D. Perry of Los An-geles, California, founder of the Metropolitan Community Church (MCC) which this year celebrates its 50th Anniversary. Today, we celebrate his commitment to MCC and the Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, and Queer (LGBTQ) Community. Rev. Troy Perry has been a force and pio-neer for LGBTQ human rights, advocating for legal, spiritual, and social equality. As the founder of the Metropolitan Community Church in 1968, he created the first church designed to minister to the needs of its LGBTQ members. What began as a small gathering in his apartment, blossomed into the flourishing organization of the MCC with churches across the country. The MCC cre-ated a safe space for members of the LGBTQ community to congregate. Along with establishing the MCC, Rev. Perry was one of the founders of the first gay pride event in Los Angeles in 1970. With the goal of commemorating the Stonewall uprising of 1969, he collaborated with other community leaders to create Christopher Street West, the organization that held its first gay pride parade on June 28, 1970. Because of his visionary and inspiring actions, LA PRIDE continues today under the auspices of Christopher Street West. Rev. Perry continued his advocacy for gender and sexual equity and became the first openly gay person to serve on the Los Ange-les County Commission on Human Relations in 1973. In recognition of his vital work for LGBTQ rights, Rev. Perry was invited to the White House by President Jimmy Carter to discuss his civil rights work. Rev. Perry contin-ued his advocacy on the national stage, being appointed as an official delegate to the White House Conference on Hate Crimes and the White House Conference on AIDS by Presi-dent Bill Clinton. Rev. Troy Perry has been honored by many esteemed institutions over the years for his work on behalf of the LGBTQ community. Rev. Perry received the Humanitarian Award from the American Civil Liberties Union, Les-bian and Gay Rights Chapter and has been honored by the Gay Press Association for his advocacy and work establishing progressive and inclusive communities of faith. I ask all Members to join me in congratu-lating Reverend Troy Perry, a paramount voice for peace, tolerance, and understanding for his lifetime of outstanding service to the LGBTQ community and to our nation. HONORING NATHAN DAVIS AND CHILDREN’S CARDIOMYOPATHY AWARENESS MONTH HON. TOM COLE 
OF OKLAHOMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor one of my constituents, Nathan Davis of Norman, Oklahoma, and in support of Chil-dren’s Cardiomyopathy Awareness Month. As an infant, Nathan had a virus which caused his heart to develop dilated cardio-myopathy, a life-long and degenerative heart disease that thins the heart muscle. The heart virus also caused Nathan to have a seizure that lasted three days. He survived against the odds but was left with long-term effects of car-diomyopathy and his seizures. Nathan grew up in a town that focused heavily on sports but was never able to play. His seizures caused short-term memory loss, exacerbated by his daily heart medications. These life chal-lenges have also caused Nathan to suffer from mental health illnesses. His daily prayer is that with increased awareness and funding for cardiomyopathy that eventually a cure can be found. September is Children’s Cardiomyopathy Awareness month, which helps to raise the profile and spread information about cardio-myopathy and the effects it can have on chil-dren and their families. As in the case of Na-than, cardiomyopathy can lead to life-long dif-ficulties, or, tragically, death. It is a leading cause of sudden cardiac arrest, particularly among young people, and is the leading cause of heart transplants for children over one year of age. Because symptoms are not always obvious, cardiomyopathy can easily re-main undetected, with often fatal con-sequences. The mortality rate for pediatric car-diomyopathy exceeds that of all childhood cancers combined, and yet there is a shocking lack of both awareness and research on this terrible disease. I urge my colleagues to join me in honoring Nathan Davis and his fight to raise awareness for cardiomyopathy. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE MONTH OF SEP-TEMBER AS NATIONAL RICE MONTH 
HON. GREGG HARPER 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in honor of the numerous rice farming-families and industry stake-holders across Mississippi and the five other major rice growing states. The month of September does not only mark the beginning of harvest season across the hundreds of rice farms in my home state, but it also marks National Rice Month. We recog-nize the American families and over 125,000 individuals that grow, harvest, mill, and proc-ess this important crop. In my home state of Mississippi, 2,194 jobs are supported by these farmers, generating $110.9 million in total labor income. The rice production system, from start to finish, contrib-utes more than $302 million to the state’s eco-nomic output. Rice production in America has grown tre-mendously over its 300-year history; almost 85 percent of the rice consumed by Americans is produced across these six states, and I am proud Mississippi is among them. In Mis-sissippi, rice farmers on average harvest over 150,000 acres, producing more than 1.25 bil-lion pounds of rice each year. Along with feeding American families and exporting their crop to 120 countries, rice farmers are conservationists and stewards of the land. While increasing their yields by over 50 percent, American rice farmers have signifi-cantly reduced their energy, land, and water use over the last 20 years. By using 35 per-cent less land and 53 percent less water, rice farmers have cut costs, increased productivity, and created a more sustainable future for our American farmlands. We take the time during the month of Sep-tember to thank those farmers, millers, and merchants, and the lives that they impact; both as job creators, and as a group that feeds our families across the country and around the world. f 
CELEBRATING CHILDREN’S CAR-DIOMYOPATHY AWARENESS MONTH 
HON. DAVID P. ROE 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of Children’s Cardiomyopathy Awareness Month, and events such as AED Hunt on the Hill which raise awareness on the lifesaving value of AEDs. According to the American Red Cross Orga-nization, improved training and access to AEDs could save as many as 50,000 lives each year, and all Americans should be within 4 minutes of an AED and someone trained to use it. With an average response time of 8– 12 minutes for first responders once 911 is called, it’s a responsibility for all of us to pre-pare to help in the event of a cardiac emer-gency. Sudden cardiac arrest is one of the leading causes of death in the U.S. and for each minute defibrillation is delayed, the chance of survival is reduced by approxi-mately 10 percent. As a doctor, I’ve seen the value of acces-sible AEDs firsthand. Several years ago in 2011, I was grabbing coffee on a layover in Charlotte Douglas International Airport on the way to Washington, D.C. when I heard some-one call out for a doctor. At that point, an indi-vidual had collapsed to the ground and was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27SE8.001 E27SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1316 September 27, 2018 
not exhibiting a pulse. For 3–4 minutes I worked with a woman on hand to perform CPR until emergency services could arrive on the scene with a portable defibrillator. September is Children’s Cardiomyopathy Awareness Month. Cardiomyopathy is a chronic disease of the heart muscle that can present in a variety of forms and may, in se-vere cases, lead to heart failure or sudden death. It is the leading causes of sudden death in young people, and the primary cause of heart transplants in children over the age of one. Knowing your family’s history and heart health, and discussing it with your doctor, can help determine whether you or a family mem-ber is at risk. Once again, I applaud events like AED Hunt on the Hill, and all efforts to raise awareness during Children’s Cardiomyopathy Awareness Month. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. JEFFREY C. GREENFIELD 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize Mr. Jeffrey C. ‘‘Jeff’’ Greenfield and to congratulate him on his recent retirement fol-lowing 29 years of dedicated public service, including 24 years as an elected representa-tive on the Fairfax City Council. Jeff grew up in Fairfax City. He graduated from Fairfax High School, and earned both his Bachelor of Arts in political science and Mas-ter of Public Administration degrees at our very own George Mason University. He began his career in public service in 1989 when he was appointed to the Parks and Recreation Advisory Board. Five years later, Jeff was elected to the City Council, a position that he was re-elected to twelve times. By his own es-timates, he has attended more than 850 City Council meetings and countless committee, neighborhood, and regional meetings. My own start in public service came as President of my local citizens association fol-lowed by 14 years on the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors, the last 5 as Chair. My term taught me many things, but one of the enduring lessons I learned is that local gov-ernment is truly where the rubber meets the road. It is the local governments that are often tasked with rolling up their sleeves and getting the problem solved. Partisan identification is ir-relevant. One of the uniquely rewarding as-pects of local government is the ability to leave a physical legacy in your community. Whether it be a crosswalk that you had in-stalled, a traffic calming measure or perhaps even a new building, you can truly say that you made a difference in your community. In addition to serving on the Fairfax City Council, Jeff has also served as a member of the Northern Virginia Transportation Commis-sion, the Local Emergency Planning Com-mittee and the Board of Directors for the Met-ropolitan Washington Council of Governments as well as its Policy and Human Service and Public Safety Committees. In each of these roles, he has worked to improve the lives of the residents of Fairfax City and Northern Vir-ginia. Mr. Speaker, this region is blessed to have a tremendous well of civic engagement and community spirit present. That spirit is re-flected in the service of citizens and elected representatives like Jeff Greenfield. Although he may be retired from the City Council, I am confident that he will continue to be involved in those issues that are important to him and his family. I thank him for his service to our community and thank his wife Lisa and daugh-ter Alexandra for the sacrifices they have made. I ask my colleagues to please join me in congratulating Jeff and his family and in wishing them continued success. f 
REMEMBERING THE DESEGREGA-TION OF STRATFORD HIGH SCHOOL IN NASHVILLE, TEN-NESSEE 
HON. JIM COOPER 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. COOPER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember Stratford High School and the Nashville community on the 55th anniversary of the school’s desegregation. On that remark-able day, four twelve-year-old girls coura-geously walked into Stratford High School pre-pared to change history and open the doors of opportunity for all. The lessons of Nashville’s involvement in the Civil Rights Movement are still teaching us how to build a more perfect union. In a 1960 speech in Nashville, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. said, ‘‘I came to Nashville not to bring inspira-tion, but to gain inspiration from the great movement that has taken place in this com-munity.’’ Equal access to quality education, like that provided at Stratford, is vital to grow-ing leaders who will inspire generations to come. In 1963, just a few days after Dr. King spoke of a dream from the Lincoln Memorial, Bernadine Price [Rabathaly], Beverly Page [Ward], Brenda Harris [Haywood], and Pamela Franklin walked into school and trusted the content of their character. With the help, en-couragement, and protection of the school’s Assistant Principal, Ronald Webb, the stu-dents overcame obstacles that no students should face and helped change our nation for-ever. As we reflect on the past, let us remember and thank these heroic individuals for their re-lentless efforts in making our community a stronger place, and realize we still have a lot of work to do. 
f 
HONORING FORMER CONGRESS-MAN LEONARD BOSWELL 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor former Congressman Leonard Boswell. I was good friends with Mr. Boswell, he was a fellow Blue Dog and we at-tended many events together over the years. I had the opportunity to visit his district and saw his passion for serving his constituents. Mr. Boswell was one of the most highly decorated combat veterans in Congress. He was in the United States Army for twenty years and served two tours of duty in Vietnam. While in Congress, he was highly regarded for his service to veterans and leaves behind a legacy of commitment to those who have served in uniform. I succeeded him on the Ei-senhower Commission, where I was well in-formed of his great work and dedication. Mr. Boswell was committed to the principles of fiscal responsibility and good governance. He considered it his duty to ensure that future generations would not be burdened with enor-mous debt and underfunded social programs. Not only was Mr. Boswell an outstanding representative for his district, he was also one of the nicest and most unassuming Members with whom I have had the pleasure of serving. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 6157, DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF H. RES. 1071, RECOG-NIZING THAT ALLOWING ILLE-GAL IMMIRGRANTS THE RIGHT TO VOTE DIMINISHES THE VOT-ING POWER OF UNITED STATES CITIZENS; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 26, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the rule governing debate for H.R. 6157, the ‘‘DOD and Labor HHS Ap-propriations Act for FY 2019.’’ I must oppose this rule and urge the defeat the previous question, not because we do not support the troops or our children, but be-cause defeating the previous question will en-able this House to consider and pass H.R. 6545, the ‘‘Violence Against Women Reau-thorization Act of 2018.’’ This is an opportunity we do not want to squander. The Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) is a landmark piece of legislation passed in 1994 following the Anita Hill moment that opened our eyes to the then overwhelming problems faced by victims of domestic vio-lence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking. By passing the VAWA, we can stop the re- victimizing, re-traumatizing and stigmatizing of sexual assault survivors. Enough is Enough. Science tells us that trauma severely im-pacts recall. So let us do our jobs and help them. Women deserve to be respected, protected and NEVER neglected. As we all know very clearly, VAWA is set to expire this week and millions of innocent lives are counting on us to get this right and reau-thorize VAWA now. Help women, men and children everywhere throughout our great country that have, are and will suffer at the hands of perpetrators that commit these violent and abusive crimes. Clearly these victims deserve more than a mere 3 month expedient extension or piece-meal product to combat these challenges of monumental proportion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27SE8.004 E27SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1317 September 27, 2018 
What will we say to them? The current climate of the MeToo movement is a wakeup call to the Nation. Let’s not make this a partisan issue, because crimes of vio-lence against anyone must be addressed. Therefore, when we ignore an extraordinary movement such as the MeToo movement by not reauthorizing a strengthened and improved VAWA that meets today’s challenges, then we have failed women. If we do not defeat this previous question we are telling all of our constituents that rely heavily on VAWA and all of those that care about protecting women, men and children’s rights against violence that we do not care. On July 26, 2018, I introduced H.R. 6545, VAWA 2018, which is a compromise version with modest improvements, because I am committed to passing a bipartisan Reauthor-ization of the Violence Against Women Act that is tailored to appeal to Members of Con-gress across the political spectrum. We should all be committed to do the same in order to respond to the desperate pleas of our sisters and brothers in dire need of our help. Colleagues, this is your moment to do the right thing for the right reasons and help bring H.R. 6545 to the floor for a vote. This has always been a bipartisan effort. Let’s not let the current times and background noise sway us away from our pivotal duties. Let’s show the American people that we care about victims of domestic violence, dating vio-lence, stalking, sexual assault and sexual har-assment, which I have added in VAWA 2018. H.R. 6545 has received the support of the National Task Force to End Sexual and Do-mestic Violence, which is a national collabora-tion comprising a large and diverse group of national, tribal, state, territorial and local orga-nizations, advocates, and individuals that fo-cuses on the development, passage and im-plementation of effective public policy to ad-dress domestic violence, dating violence, sex-ual assault, and stalking (‘‘the four crimes’’). These modest, yet vital updates we have made to the existing Violence Against Women Act (‘‘VAWA’’) are based on the needs identi-fied by direct service providers who work daily with victims and survivors of the four crimes. H.R. 6545 makes the following improve-ments and more: It makes important investments in preven-tion, a key priority identified not only by people who work with victims and survivors daily, but also by our very own bipartisan Women’s Caucus. It provides resources to implement evi-dence-based prevention programming, which will make our communities safer and, ulti-mately, saves taxpayers money. It also safeguards important protections that ensure all victims and survivors have access to safety and justice and provides a mecha-nism to hold predators who prey on Native women accountable. Moreover, it provides law enforcement with new tools to protect their communities. It offers protections for survivors in federal public, subsidized, and assisted housing. It supports victims and survivors who need assistance rebuilding financially. It addresses the needs of underserved com-munities, and improves the healthcare re-sponse to the four crimes. It closes many of the loopholes found in dat-ing violence. And in response to the overwhelming vic-tims in the MeToo movement, it adds sexual harassment as part of the applicable crimes of violence. In short, the Reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act of 2018 is a narrow bill with a wide impact. Let’s not play politics with people’s lives. Let’s not short-change them by slashing fund-ing in half. Let’s not kick the can down the road while omitting funding. Let’s not dismiss their cries and pleas. And certainly, let’s not punish them mercifully because #THEY DID NOT REPORT. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE RECIPIENTS OF THE 2018 LITERACY VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA—PRINCE WILLIAM, INC. AWARDS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the recipients of the 2018 Lit-eracy Volunteers of America—Prince William Inc. awards. Literacy Volunteers of America— Prince William Inc. (LVA–PW) is a local non- profit organization that has served Prince Wil-liam County for more than 25 years. Its mis-sion is to improve lives through adult literacy. It trains local volunteers to become tutors then pairs them with adults seeking to improve their literacy or English language skills. LVA–PW offers a range of literacy services including GED classes, computer literacy, citizenship preparedness, English as a second language classes, and more. Every year LVA–PW hosts an annual meet-ing and award presentation to honor and share in the achievements of its adult learners and volunteers. I am proud to include in the R
ECORD the names of the following LVA–PW award recipients: Student of the Year: Bismark Osei. Bismark came to the U.S. from Ghana two years ago. He is a devoted and hardworking family man who came to LVA–PW seeking to better his life and further his education through earning a GED certificate. He joined LVA–PW’s GED program one year ago and started taking three classes a week while also working full-time as a security guard. By August 7, 2018, through hard work and perseverance, he earned his GED certificate after only 10 months in the program. He plans to continue furthering his education and career goals by enrolling in col-lege. Tutor of the Year: Eduardo Lopez. Eduardo has been a volunteer with LVA–PW for more than two years. He serves as both a GED math tutor and basic computer literacy tutor. Since beginning at LVA–PW, he has provided over 350 volunteer hours while also working full-time. His passion, patience and encour-agement inspires his students. This year alone, he has helped two students prepare for and pass the GED test. Eduardo is a living ex-ample of the impact that a single individual can have on a community. Patti J. Beattie Volunteer of the Year: Mar-tha Kobliska. Martha has been a volunteer with LVA–PW for more than 11 years. She serves as a tutor, fundraiser, and tutor trainer. As part of the tutor training team, she provides professional level training and certifications to all new tutors. This year alone, she has volun-teered in excess of 325 hours to LVA–PW. Martha demonstrates her compassion and commitment to helping others through her positive spirit and willingness to serve when-ever called upon. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating each of the LVA–PW award recipients and to thank them for their contribu-tions to our community. f 
RECOGNIZING THE AMERICAN PUBLIC HEALTH ASSOCIATION BLACK CAUCUS OF HEALTH WORKERS 
HON. BRENDA L. LAWRENCE 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, today I rec-ognize the American Public Health Association (APHA) Black Caucus of Health Workers on the occasion of its 50th anniversary. This or-ganization, which is the first and oldest caucus of the APHA, was founded during the Associa-tion’s 1968 annual meeting held in my home-town of Detroit, Michigan. For 50 years, the APHA Black Caucus of Health Workers has worked diligently to elimi-nate and reduce gaps in health and health outcomes by improving the quality of life of people of African American descent through advocacy, knowledge, practice and research. They perform valuable work in a field that has an immeasurable impact on the lives of all Americans. In addition to raising the standard of care across our nation, the Black Caucus of Health Workers works to eliminate institutional racism in their industry, to ensure that minorities in the healthcare industry are receiving equal treatment and a proper quality of life. They also support the future of our workforce by helping African American students complete their studies in public health programs. This essential work has developed a strong com-munity of African American employees in the healthcare industry. The Caucus continues to move our nation forward every day by improving healthcare de-livery and fostering innovation. The Caucus closely monitors developments in the field and provides a crucial forum for communication among African American healthcare workers, so that they can share ideas to improve their work and their entire industry. On this momentous occasion, I want to con-gratulate the visionary founders and members of the APHA Black Caucus of Health Workers, as well as APHA’s current Executive Director, Dr. Georges Benjamin, and all the leaders of the APHA for their important work. I look for-ward to their continued work for the health of our nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27SE8.003 E27SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1318 September 27, 2018 
RECOGNIZING CHILDREN’S CAR-DIOMYOPATHY AWARENESS MONTH 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage my colleagues to join me in sup-porting the Cardiomyopathy Health Education, Awareness, Risk Assessment and Training in the Schools (HEARTS) Act and in recognition of Children’s Cardiomyopathy Awareness Month. Cardiomyopathy affects both children and adults and is a chronic and potentially life- threatening heart condition that affects how the heart pumps blood through the body. The disease presents differently in individuals, and it can be difficult to detect when there are no apparent symptoms. For those not diagnosed, the consequences can be devastating. Re-search has shown that cardiomyopathy is a leading cause of sudden cardiac arrest. All too often, we hear of an adult or child collapsing unexpectedly due to an undiagnosed heart condition. The Cardio-myopathy HEARTS Act will help educate af-fected individuals and their families, as well as school and health professionals about cardio-myopathy and encourage families to evaluate their family’s cardiac history, check for cardio-myopathy symptoms, and seek medical screening if necessary. Despite the severity of the cardiomyopathy, little is known about the prevalence, causes, and reasons for its variability. The Cardio-myopathy HEARTS Act also addresses this by requesting the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to evaluate current research initiatives on cardiomyopathy and direct the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) to col-lect and analyze national data to identify the impact, prevalence, and natural history of car-diomyopathy. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting this bill and helping the many families and children who are touched by this under- recognized condition. And now is a great time to show our sup-port. September is Children’s Cardiomyopathy Awareness, to help raise the profile and spread information about this terrible disease. By encouraging individuals to know one’s fam-ily’s history and heart health, and discussing it with their doctor, can help determine whether one’s child is at risk. The Children’s Cardiomyopathy Foundation, based in my home state of New Jersey, is the leading nonprofit in providing resources and support to families and children struggling with this terrible disease. They also work to raise awareness, along with their grassroots net-work of families and advocate for research and policies to help those suffering from pedi-atric cardiomyopathy. It is my pleasure to help raise awareness for the Foundation and for pediatric cardio-myopathy. MARKING THE 60TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE COLLEGE OF SOUTHERN MARYLAND HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratu-late the College of Southern Maryland on its sixtieth anniversary. I join in thanking Presi-dent Maureen Murphy, faculty, staff, students, and alumni on this milestone. Recognized by the 2019 Aspen Prize as one of the top 150 community colleges in the nation, the College of Southern Maryland provides thousands of students with pathways to successful careers. Founded as the Charles County Community College in 1958, its first classes met in the evenings at La Plata High School. A decade later, the College’s La Plata campus opened its doors, and branches were launched to serve St. Mary’s and Calvert Counties in the years that followed. Its name change to the College of Southern Maryland in 2000 re-flected a growing regional institution of higher learning. Now, as it begins its seventh decade serving the community, the College provides a broad range of associate degrees, certifi-cations, skills training courses, and wellness programs. Always adapting to meet the educational challenges of its day, the College continues to adopt new technologies to further its mission. It now offers twelve fully online degree pro-grams and is committed to continued innova-tion in the design and implementation of cur-ricula. The College has stayed true to its foundational principles of diversity, afford-ability, accessibility, and forging innovative partnerships that benefit students. More than sixty academic institutions have partnered with the College of Southern Maryland to offer guaranteed transfer admission to its graduates who complete their associate’s degrees and meet other criteria. I’ve been proud over the years to support the work of the College of Southern Maryland, including by securing $497,000 for its Nursing and Allied Health Care Training and Tech-nology program in 2008 and $468,000 for its STEM Workforce Initiative in 2009. I was happy to be on hand when the clinical nursing lab was opened in 2010 as well as to help fa-cilitate a U.S. Department of Labor grant of $1.5 million in 2012 for the College’s program to teach juvenile offenders in-demand job skills for success in the workforce after their release. For the past six decades, the College has lived up to its vision of ‘‘transforming lives through lifelong learning and service’’, and I look forward to working with President Murphy and the entire College of Southern Maryland community to ensure that it can continue to do so. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE GOLDEN ANNI-VERSARY OF LANCE AND KARLA MORRELL 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to con-gratulate Lance and Karla Morrell on the occa-sion of their Golden Anniversary. I have had the great pleasure of personally knowing Lance and Karla for many years and consider them not only neighbors but wonderful friends. I can personally attest to their dedication to their family and community. Lance Morrell and Karla Jane Brownmiller met as students at the University of Rich-mond. While attending the University of Rich-mond, Karla was Phi Beta Kappa and Lance was the senior class president. They married in Arlington, VA in 1968 and began their life journey together. Lance served honorably in the United States Army and Army Reserves for more than 20 years, retiring as a Lt. Colonel. After his dis-charge he worked for 22 years with the World Bank where he managed projects to reduce poverty, provide clean water, and strengthen democratic governance in Southeast Asia and Africa. Lance spent years toiling in some of the poorest parts of Africa to help those most in need of assistance and Karla often travelled with him. He then founded FEI Consulting which allowed him to continue his efforts to improve living standards in the developing world. Karla focused her attention on the family, especially their three sons. She and Lance have always been very involved in their chil-dren’s education and activities. She was an active member of countless PTA’s and volun-teered at the snack bar at school sporting events for more than 15 years. Now, as a grandmother of five, most of her days are spent watching at least one of her grand-children—a job that Karla adores. Lance and Karla moved to Mantua in 1977 and immediately plunged themselves into local community activities. In fact, Karla and I served together on the Mantua Citizens Asso-ciation for a number of years. She was an irreplaceable ally during the pe-riod following a massive underground oil spill from a nearby tank farm into the neighbor-hood. Karla and I, along with many of our neighbors, coordinated efforts between the community, local, state, and federal agencies, and the tank farm owners. Our efforts ensured that the clean-up was done effectively, that the tank farm owners made necessary safety im-provements and that they were held respon-sible for the damage done. I had the great pleasure of working with Lance and Karla, along with other Northern Virginia neighbors, in the founding of the Cra-dle of Love Foundation. This Foundation, which operated from 2004 to 2008, was estab-lished to help provide financial support for an orphanage in the Philippines. I often encourage people to ‘‘bloom where you are planted.’’ This phrase, attributed to the Bishop of Geneva, Saint Francis de Sales, can mean different things to different people. To me it means that you should get involved in your community and take advantage of the opportunities to contribute that surround you. Whether it is volunteering, entering public service, coaching a youth sports team, or planting a tree, each of us has the ability and the responsibility to get involved. Lance and Karla Morrell are living examples of this phi-losophy in action. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Lance and Karla Morrell on their 50th wedding anniversary and in thanking them for their many efforts to improve our community and the lives of others. I wish 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27SE8.006 E27SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1319 September 27, 2018 
Lance, Karla, and their entire family continued success, health and happiness. 
f 
HONORING TANNER LEE JAMESON 
HON. JOHN J. DUNCAN, JR. 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, this past June marked the nine-year anniver-sary since Tanner Lee Jameson collapsed at a school basketball game. Tanner was in car-diac arrest and needed an automated external defibrillator or AED. But the school’s defibrillator was inaccessible, and Tanner did not survive. Seconds count for those suffering from sud-den cardiac arrest. Chance of survival de-creases 7–10 percent for every minute without CPR and a defibrillator. A defibrillator is easy to operate and highly effective in restoring the heart’s normal rhythm. Schools with AED pro-grams have survival rates of over 70 percent, as compared to only 10 percent for children in schools without AEDs. Because of this, I am proud to have intro-duced House Resolution 35 to encourage pub-lic schools with AEDs to hold annual training in their schools on how to use their AEDs. My resolution has the support of the American Heart Association, American Ambulance Asso-ciation, the American College of Cardiology, National Association of School Nurses, and many others. My constituent and Tanner’s mother, Rhonda Harrill, has been a dedicated advo-cate for increased AED presence and aware-ness. Thanks to her efforts, Tennessee has passed two laws increasing the number of schools with AEDs, especially in readily-ac-cessible locations. I am honored to represent constituents such as Rhonda, who has celebrated her son Tan-ner’s life by advocating for the lives of others’ children. Today, I am pleased to join my colleagues in participating in the AED Hunt on the Hill, an annual event hosted by the Children’s Cardio-myopathy Foundation. Cardiomyopathy affects how the heart pumps blood through the body and is the most common cause of sudden car-diac arrest in the young. This condition does not have obvious symptoms, so it is often not detected until tragedy strikes. It is my pleasure to have the opportunity to remember Tanner Jameson’s life and partici-pate in this year’s AED Hunt on the Hill. We can all help save lives by increasing aware-ness about the importance of having acces-sible AEDs. 
f 
HONORING JONATHAN LAVIN 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr Speaker, I rise today to honor the distinguished career of Jon-athan Lavin. After 45 years of dedicated serv-ice in the field of aging, Jon will be retiring as President and CEO of AgeOptions, the subur-ban Cook County Area Agency on Aging, on October 31st. Jon Lavin is a leader, innovator, advocate, and a mentor who has trained many advo-cates to fight for the needs of seniors, includ-ing Kris Sadur and Maribeth Stein who went on to work in my district office helping con-stituents. As the former executive director of the Illinois State Council of Senior Citizens and as a member of Congress, I am one of many who have learned from Jon. He is my friend, and I will miss working with him as he steps down from his current role. Jon combines serious policy knowledge with a commitment to service and making real im-provements in people’s lives. Jon earned a master’s Degree in Public Administration and a bachelor’s Degree in Government from the American University in Washington, D.C. After working for the City of Chicago Department on Aging for five years, he went on to spend the next 40 years shaping AgeOptions to be what it is today; one of the most respected Area Agencies on Aging in the country. His over-sight of a staff of 40 and coordination of grants and contracts to more than 45 different community agencies, have enabled AgeOptions to serve 523,000 older adults liv-ing in more than 130 communities. In Illinois, Jon Lavin is the go-to person when it comes to identifying the needs of sen-iors and then working to meet them. Some of the positions he has held are: Vice President and Legislative Committee Chair for the Illinois Association of Area Agencies on Aging, past Board Director of the National Association of Area Agencies on Aging, and Co-Chairman of the 2015 and 2017 American Society on Aging Annual Conference in Chicago. He was a del-egate to the 1995 and 2005 White House Conferences on Aging, former member of the National Council on Aging Board of Directors, and former President of the Illinois Coalition on Aging. In his mission to continually advocate for the most vulnerable older adults in the region, he has pioneered many innovative programs. Those include the care coordination units to assure appropriate care planning for the frailest older adults, one of the original dem-onstration programs to protect older adults from abuse and neglect, the Senior Medicare Patrol (SMP) program created to protect Medi-care beneficiaries against fraud and abuse, and the development of the first long-term care ombudsman program in the region. As a true advocate, Jon has promoted the need for public and provider educational out-reach and greater access to state and federal benefit programs. His administration of pro-grams like the Red Tape Cutters Program and BenefitsCheckUp have provided millions of dollars in program benefits for eligible older adults and persons with disabilities. AgeOptions also leads the renowned Make Medicare Work Coalition (MMW), which works with partner agencies to educate and explain the intricacies of health insurance and Medi-care, as well as Medicaid’s critical health and long-term care benefits for seniors. Jon’s commitment to providing support for caregivers led to the creation of the National Family Caregiver Support program in the Older Americans Act to ensure that family support givers were recognized and funded. The talent of Jon Lavin has not gone unno-ticed. He received the National Association of Area Agencies on Aging’s Excellence in Lead-ership Award in 2017 and Distinguished Direc-tor Award in 1992. He is the 1994 recipient of the Phyllis Pinkerton Award for Leadership in Advocacy and Make Medicare Work Coalition recognized him at their April Summit for his dedicated service. In May, Metropolitan Asian Family Services presented him with its 2018 Community Service Award for his ‘‘dedicated, continued support and advocacy on behalf of the ethnic elderly population through various public benefit programs.’’ I invite my colleagues to join me in honoring Jon Lavin for the work he has done for the older adults of suburban Cook County. I am confident that Jon will continue to put his pas-sion and his experience to use in advocating for older Americans and their families. I thank him for his invaluable service and wish him the best of everything in his future endeavors. f 
H.R. 1551, THE ORRIN G. HATCH- BOB GOODLATTE MUSIC MOD-ERNIZATION ACT OF 2018 
HON. BOB GOODLATTE 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, earlier this week, the House of Representatives voted to send legislation to the President to bring early 20th Century music laws for the analog era into the 21st Century digital era. This legisla-tion is the culmination of years of effort by in-dustry stakeholders, Members of the House and Senate, public interest groups, and oth-ers. Several years ago, I launched a comprehen-sive review of our nation’s copyright laws. The House Judiciary Committee held dozens of hearings, heard from over a hundred wit-nesses, and traveled to multiple cities across the country to hear directly from stakeholders who use these laws. This review provided the foundation upon which several bills to reform our copyrights laws were constructed. During the course of this review, we learned that our music licensing laws were broken. The laws were no longer working as intended for song-writers, artists and creators, or for the compa-nies that deliver the music in innovative ways to consumers. After this review, I challenged the industry to put their differences aside and to come to-gether to create a unified reform bill, and to their credit, they delivered. This legislation has the support of songwriters, musical works copyright owners, digital music providers, indi-vidual artists, sound recording copyright own-ers, artist guilds, and performing rights organi-zations. The reasons for such widespread support are clear. This legislation boosts payments for copyright owners and artists while reducing liti-gation costs for all parties; streamlines rights clearance for music delivery services; allows songwriters to help determine how their royal-ties are collected and allocated; protects the works of recording artists who created pre- 1972 recordings; ensures sound engineers, mixers, and producers get paid; and gives the public more access to more music. This legis-lation will truly usher in a new era for music creators, distributors and consumers. However, today, I want to take a minute to thank and highlight the work of several of my colleagues who were indispensable leaders in making this new era possible. Big pieces of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27SE8.007 E27SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1320 September 27, 2018 
legislation can come together only through the efforts of many who are willing to invest their time to make change happen. First, I want to thank Representatives D
OUG C
OLLINS and H AKEEM JEFFRIES . They were the leaders who took a very fractured music com-munity, got their hands dirty, and forged the consensus and framework for reforming the Section 115 mechanical license for musical works. For a hundred years, our mechanical li-censing laws were based on the technology of the piano roll. Through the diligent work of these Members, it will now reflect the digital realities of the 21st Century. In addition, I would like to thank IP Sub-committee Chairman D
ARRELL ISSA and Full Committee Ranking Member J
ERRY NADLER  for their leadership on behalf of sound record-ing artists to secure protection for artists who recorded works before 1972. For decades, some artists could receive compensation for their recordings while others could not, based solely on an arbitrary date. That was not fair. We have now fixed that thanks to the leader-ship of these Members. I would also like to thank Representatives J
OECROWLEY and T OMROONEY for their lead-ership on behalf of producers, mixers, and sound engineers. Thanks to their hard work, these technical artists will also receive com-pensation for their contributions to musical works. I would like to thank Ranking Member Con-yers for his leadership on these issues over many years, and for his willingness to partner with me in orchestrating the Committee’s multi-year Copyright Review. And I want to thank Ranking Member N
ADLER for his work on all of these issues and for his willingness to partner with me in combining all of these important pieces—and others—together into a comprehensive and consensus music licens-ing reform package that is now awaiting the President’s signature. Additionally, I would like to thank Senate Ju-diciary Committee Chairman C
HUCK GRASS -
LEY, Ranking Member D IANNE FEINSTEIN , and Senator O
RRIN HATCH for shepherding the leg-islation through the Senate. I appreciate their leadership and willingness to work across chambers and across party lines. Of course, I, and all the Members who led this effort, owe a debt of gratitude to our staffs. The staff of the House Judiciary Com-mittee, both Majority and Minority, and the personal staffs of the Members, worked over-time for days, weeks, months and years to help us achieve this victory. We could not have done this without them. The result of all this work by Members, staff, and stakeholders from every corner is nothing less than a new era for music. One that con-tinues our nation’s long commitment to incentivize creators and distributors to bring us the sound tracks of our lives. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ROBERT SISSON 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize Mr. Robert ‘‘Bob’’ Sisson on his retire-ment. Since 1991, Bob Sisson has served as the City Manager for the City of Fairfax. This has given him the distinction of being one of the longest-serving local government adminis-trators in the D.C. region. Bob began his career in local government in 1974 as an administrative assistant to the city manager of Overland Park, Oklahoma. He would go on to be assistant city manager in two additional communities in Oklahoma, Nor-man and Stillwater, before becoming the city manager of Grandview, Missouri, a suburban community of 28,000 located in the Kansas City metropolitan area. Bob served as Grand-view city manager for four years before being selected in a nationwide search to take the helm of the City of Fairfax. Under Bob’s leadership, the City of Fairfax has received numerous accolades, including being consistently ranked among the Top 10 places in the country in which to live, reaching as high as No. 3 in Forbes Magazine in 2009. Most recently, U.S. News and World Report rated the City of Fairfax the sixth-healthiest community in the nation. Criteria for this rating included such categories as residents’ income, education, life span, access to critical services and proximity to parks. I was proud to work with Bob on many major projects in the region, including the con-struction of the City of Fairfax Regional Library and the relocation of the Lamb Center for homeless individuals. As someone who also began their public service career in local gov-ernment, I have always held a special appre-ciation for those who choose to dedicate their life to public service at the local level. I have often said that local government is where the rubber meets the road: accountability is abso-lute and everyone knows where you live and has your phone number. At the local level, the citizens we serve aren’t concerned with polit-ical ideologies or scoring points for your re-spective party. They expect you to deliver con-crete results and will hold you to account should you fail to do so. The pothole was ei-ther fixed or it wasn’t—and if it wasn’t, the community will know who didn’t get the job done. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Bob Sisson on his retirement and in thanking him for his many decades of service to his communities, both in Northern Virginia and throughout the United States. Though he may be officially retiring from pub-lic service, I have no doubt that he will con-tinue to stay involved on the issues that are important to him. I wish him all of the best in his future endeavors. f 
NATIONAL COUNCIL OF YOUTH SPORTS 2018 STRIVE AWARD WINNER RECOGNITION 
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, my colleagues, Representatives K
IND, D AVIS, H. J OHNSON , W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and I, as co-chairs and members of the Congressional Caucus on Youth Sports, would like to honor Triangle Volleyball Club of Morrisville, North Carolina for being the winner of the 2018 S.T.R.I.V.E. (Sports Teach Respect, Initiative, Values and Excellence) Organization of the Year Award. Each year, the National Council of Youth Sports (NCYS) recognizes five finalist organi-zations that strongly meet the ‘‘kids first’’ ap-proach, evidenced by their implementation of best practices and policies that protect kids and promote safety. The award, sponsored by AIG, is presented to the organization that the voters feel most exhibits heartfelt passion and shows a committed spirit to helping kids suc-ceed in sports, while maintaining a commit-ment to safety procedures. This year, Triangle Volleyball Club was selected from four other excellent finalists: Baltimore SquashWise of Baltimore, Maryland; O’Fallon Little Panthers of O’Fallon, Illinois; Police Athletic League of Buffalo, New York; and Snider Youth Hockey of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Comprised of the who’s who in the youth sports industry, NCYS was founded in 1979, and its membership represents more than 200 organizations and corporations serving over 60 million registered participants in organized youth sports programs. NCYS is the largest known organization in America representing the youth sports industry, and its members in-clude organizations such as Little League Baseball, American Youth Soccer Organiza-tion, Jewish Community Centers Association of North America, YMCA of America, Pop Warner, and Special Olympics North America. Triangle Volleyball Club is being recognized for how it places the health and safety of their athletes as their top priority while also com-peting at the very highest level of girls’ junior club volleyball. Furthermore, Triangle Volleyball Club deserves this distinction for its commitment to educate the whole person through excellence in the sport of volleyball and the inclusion of service projects working with the disabled (veterans and young people) through sitting volleyball and leadership in adaptive sitting volleyball development and outreach. Triangle Volleyball Club is just one example of many great youth sports organizations in this country, and we likewise commend all those that work and volunteer to allow the youth this Nation to gain the benefits of youth sports participation and helping to prepare our next generation of leaders. We commend Triangle Volleyball Club for this wonderful achievement, and the great work they are doing. f 
HONORING LIEUTENANT COM-MANDER JERRY M
CNEW, U.S. NAVY 
HON. STEVEN M. PALAZZO 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the outstanding work of Lieutenant Commander Jerry McNew. McNew joined the United States Navy in 1989, entering Basic Training at the Naval Station in Chicago, Illinois. He later attended Tactical Training Center Atlantic, located in Dam Neck, Virginia, graduating with honors as an Operations Specialist Seaman. Spanning three decades, McNew’s career has taken him on eighteen deployments, thir-teen of those in combat missions. His dossier reads like something out of a Tom Clancy novel. From weapons tactics to Naval Gunfire Liaison Officer, to Civil Affairs, Command Staff, Air Intercept Controller Supervisor, Bat-tle Watch Captain, Surface Warfare Officer, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27SE8.010 E27SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1321 September 27, 2018 
Fleet Marine Force Combat Officer, and many more titles, it is safe to say, LCDR McNew is an expert in Naval combat operations, quite possibly all over the world. It is no surprise that McNew advanced ranks from E–1 to E–8 to 0–4 between 1989 and 2015. He took part in 27 Operations, in-cluding Hurricanes Andrew and Katrina, Desert Fox, Desert Shield, and Desert Storm, Operations Enduring Freedom, and Iraqi Free-dom, as well as the Piracy Patrols in Somalia, among many others. His exemplary leadership, throughout the nearly 30 years of Naval service, has contrib-uted greatly to the security of the United States, and our global community, as well as his fellow military brothers and sisters. It is an honor to recognize Lieutenant Commander Jerry McNew upon the occasion of his U.S. Navy retirement. 
f 
HONORING MICHAEL CIAFARDONI OF THE 803RD TANK DESTROYER BATTALION 
HON. DOUG LaMALFA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the passing of a great man from Califor-nia’s first district, Michael Ciafardoni, Sr., who died at the age of 94. Born in Nepezzano, Italy, Michael immigrated to America in 1939 and was soon called upon just a few years later to serve his new country in the Second World War. Although he was not yet a United States cit-izen, he fulfilled his civic duty nonetheless and served in the U.S. Army in WWII as a member of the 803rd Tank Destroyer Battalion, Recon Company, as a heavy machine gunner. He was the last surviving member of his com-pany. Along the way, Michael experienced all that the European Theatre had to offer. He earned five bronze battle stars for fighting in some of the most consequential battles of the war, including the Normandy Invasion and the Battle of the Bulge. Despite this impressive record, Michael in-sisted his proudest wartime experience was not any of those major engagements, but rath-er, the liberation of a small town in Czecho-slovakia near the end of the war. Jewish pris-oners were being held in the town of Volary, where they awaited transfer to a Nazi con-centration camp. Fortunately, Michael and his company got there first—and they liberated them. To the people of Volary, these men were heroes. When the 803rd was leaving town a few days later, they were ambushed by German soldiers. Private Charles Havlat, riding in the tank directly in front of Michael, was caught in the crossfire. The Germans unconditionally surrendered merely hours later. Charles was the last soldier killed in Europe. To this day, the town holds an annual celebration to pay tribute to the American soldiers who risked their lives to free them, and to Charles Havlat, who made the ultimate sacrifice. I’m told that Michael’s one wish was to be honored for his wartime service in Europe. That is a wish that I could not be happier to fulfill right here on the House floor in the United States Capitol. Amazingly, Michael was a war hero for a country that he wasn’t even yet a citizen of. Thankfully, that didn’t last long. In October of 1946, he earned U.S. citi-zenship for his exemplary service to his new country—his new home. In 1960, he and his wife Micki moved to Southern California, before relocating to North San Juan in 1983 to be closer to their children and grandchildren. Like any true American, Michael was im-mensely proud to be here and ready to fight for his country without hesitation. Many people today could learn a lot from a guy like Mi-chael. Before he died, he asked to see his Certificate of Naturalization, which brought a proud smile to his face. The simple fact is, Michael was as Amer-ican as any among us, and all who knew him were better off for it. He truly lived a life worth living and he made his family and his country proud. May he rest in peace. God Bless. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF TYSONS CORNER CEN-TER 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the 50th anniversary of Tysons Corner Center and to celebrate the opening of a new art exhibit which will showcase the journey this location has experienced over the last half- century. Truly, no area in the 11th Congres-sional District or in the Commonwealth of Vir-ginia has had a more transformative impact on the regional or statewide economy than Tysons. In the 1950’s, Tysons Corner consisted of a single intersection and was surrounded by a few small stores and a fruit stand operated by William Tyson, for whom the area is named. It was a rural area; in fact, Fairfax County was considered the dairy capital of the Common-wealth of Virginia. However, this bucolic life was soon to be transformed when in 1962, the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors approved the construction of a new shopping center originally called Tysons Corner Shopping Cen-ter. At the time of its opening, Tysons Corner Center was the largest enclosed mall in the world, and to this day, remains the largest shopping mall in Virginia and in the Baltimore- Washington area. Today, Tysons Corner Cen-ter is one of the 10 largest malls in the United States and consists of more than 2.1 million square feet, 16 movie screens, and more than 300 retail stores, eateries, and restaurants. Even the most optimistic among us could not have foreseen what that decision would bring to Tysons, to Fairfax County and to Northern Virginia as a whole. It was the beginning of Tysons’ transformation into the thriving urban center that it is today. Tysons has grown to become the economic engine of Fairfax Coun-ty and by extension, of the entire state. This transformation continues through to today and will continue for decades into the future. Following the success of Tysons Cor-ner Center, the area surrounding the mall began attracting large businesses and employ-ers. Sadly, the infrastructure and overall plan-ning to manage this unprecedented growth lagged far behind. In 2011, there were 105,000 jobs in Tysons, but only 17,000 resi-dents. Recognizing the tremendous growth that was underway and the challenges it created, I convened a task force as Chairman of the Board of Supervisors to develop a plan to har-ness that transformative energy and direct it towards the creation of a new, transit-oriented development and thriving urban community. The Comprehensive Plan that we developed calls for 200,000 jobs and 100,000 permanent residents and a key element of this plan was the creation of the Silver Line, which would fi-nally deliver a permanent rail link between our area’s major international airport and down-town Washington, D.C. Phase 1 of this project was completed in 2014 and the ribbon-cutting ceremony was held at the new Metro station for Tysons Corner Center. Another focus of the Tysons plan, in addi-tion to encouraging transit-oriented develop-ment, was a renewed focus on public art in this urban space. I am therefore very pleased that Tysons Corner Center has elected to in-stall an art exhibit featuring local artists to cel-ebrate this golden anniversary. The work begun by Tysons Corner Center fifty years ago continues to this day and I trust that this location will remain a fixture of Fairfax County and of Northern Virginia for another half-cen-tury. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in once again congratulating Tysons Corner Center on its 50th anniversary and in extend-ing my thanks to those visionaries, devel-opers, planners, and their partners in the pub-lic and private sectors who have worked so diligently to make the success of the last fifty years possible. I also wish to thank the Macerich Corporation and the Lerner Group, who have been steadfast and invaluable part-ners throughout the development process. I thank them for their immense contributions to our community and wish them continued success. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ACI SOLUTIONS 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in commendation of ACI Solutions on their rec-ognition as a 2018 Top 100 Minority Business Enterprise by the Capital Region Minority Sup-plier Development Council. ACI Solutions is a managed IT services provider and network se-curity firm with a US headquarters based in Arlington, Virginia. The Top 100 MBE awards recognize the ac-complishments of minority entrepreneurs in the Capital Region that energize the region’s economy through innovation and commitment. I am pleased to congratulate ACI Solutions CEO Nasra Abdi and her team on their receipt of this award and applaud them in their efforts as leaders in cyber security services, business IT support, managed services and unified communications. This award demonstrates ACI Solutions’ dedication to excellence in IT services, and also recognizes the efforts of the ACI team in pursuing the American dream. They have worked hard, overcome obstacles and stand 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27SE8.012 E27SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1322 September 27, 2018 
today as fixtures in the Capital Area for mak-ing important contributions to commerce and serving their clients well. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in recog-nizing ACI Solutions’ dedicated efforts as a Minority Business Enterprise, and their excel-lence in their field. An admirable example of leadership and devotion, and an outstanding cornerstone of our community, I commend ACI Solutions on their accomplishments and wish them further success as they continue to serve our area. On behalf of America’s First District, we say congratulations. 
f 
RECOGNIZING STATE REPRESENTATIVE TIM BROWN 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of a good friend, and tremendous public servant, State Representative Tim Brown, who was severely injured in a recent motorcycle crash. I had the pleasure of getting to know Doc Brown, a retired emergency room physician, during our time in the Indiana General Assem-bly. I know firsthand that Doc Brown is a wise and humble man with a great sense of humor and the common sense to never take himself, or his important work, too seriously. He’s represented Hoosiers in the House since 1994 and, as Chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, he is a big reason why our state’s fiscal health has become a model for the rest of the country. But more than that, Doc Brown is good man who has dedicated his life to serving his fellow Hoosiers with kindness and compassion. My family and I, along with all Hoosiers, continue to keep Doc Brown in our prayers and wish him a safe and speedy recovery. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE BURKE CENTRE CONSERVANCY BOARD OF TRUSTEES 500TH MEETING 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the Burke Centre Conservancy Board of Trustees on the occasion of their 500th meeting. Incorporated in June 1976, the Burke Centre Conservancy manages this planned community of 5,862 residences divided into five neighborhoods of 65 clusters. All told, Burke Centre sits on approximately 1,700 acres and includes more than 30 miles of paths, 6 ponds and one lake, 6 community centers, 5 pools, tennis courts, and a baseball field. There is truly something for everyone at Burke Centre. I always look forward to attend-ing the premier Burke Centre event—the an-nual Burke Centre Festival—which is hosted by the Conservancy and celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The history of Burke Centre can be traced back to the 1700’s. It has fallen to the leader-ship of the Board of Trustees to balance this rich history with the development of a thriving community, always taking into consideration environmental preservation and enhanced amenities for Burke Centre residents. As someone who got his start in public service as president of a local civic association, I can at-test to the importance of getting involved and also to the responsibility that is borne by the association’s leadership to guide the commu-nity and ensure that all decisions are in the best interest of those affected and the commu-nity as a whole. I commend the Burke Centre Conservancy Board of Trustees for carrying out their mission with integrity and trans-parency. I am honored to include in the RECORD the names of the Executive Director of the Burke Centre Conservancy and the members of the Board of Trustees who will preside over this historic meeting: Conservancy Executive Director: Patrick Gloyd; President: Marc Flaster (Commons Trustee); Vice-President: Brian Engler (At- Large Trustee); Secretary: Lee Schmidt (Ponds Trustee); Treasurer: Brenda Trask (Woods Trustee); John Mills-Hearne (Landings Trustee); Karen Anthony (Oaks Trustee); Phil Pool (At-Large Trustee). In Fairfax County and in Northern Virginia as a whole, we are fortunate to have a strong tradition of civic engagement. The member-ship of the Burke Centre Conservancy Board of Trustees is a shining example of that tradi-tion. They are also proof that this tradition is especially strong in Burke Centre. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the Burke Centre Conser-vancy Board of Trustees for their ongoing dedication to the betterment of their commu-nity. This milestone being celebrated is a di-rect result of that dedication and I have no doubt that this commitment will continue. I thank them for their service to their community and wish them and Burke Centre continued success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND ACHIEVEMENTS OF GUIDO HIBDON 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the magnificent life of Guido Hibdon, who was a resident of Sunrise Beach, Mis-souri, legendary fisherman and a great friend to many. Guido was born a third-generation angler on July 10, 1946. He loved fishing so much that at the age of 13 he began guiding on the Lake of the Ozarks in Missouri. His storied career began when a Bassmasters tournament was scheduled to be held on the Lake of the Ozarks in 1980. His family and friends con-vinced Guido to take a shot at testing his skills against the tournament professionals, includ-ing legends Roland Martin, Jimmy Houston and Rick Clunn. This led to the start of friend-ships with all these men, and a career of tour-nament fishing that lasted over three decades, which included winning numerous champion-ships. Guido valued his family above all else. His wife Stella, daughter Dotty and two sons, Chuck and Dion, along with the whole ex-tended family, were always his most faithful cheerleaders. Guido’s example inspired many to take up the sport of fishing, including his son Dion, who won the Bassmasters Classic in 1997. This made the pair the only father and son to win this tournament and earned them the title, ‘‘The First Family of Bass Fish-ing.’’ In 2001, Guido was inducted into the Bass Fishing Hall of Fame, a fitting honor to a tre-mendous man. His passion for fishing and being on the water never faded, even after an illness forced him into retirement in 2015. Guido exemplified the finest qualities that a person could possess. His hard work and dedication to everything he held dear, and his treatment of others was indeed commendable. His daughter Dotty said it best, ‘‘To say that he was a kind and generous man would be an understatement. He was humble and gentle with all, but still very stern and deep in treating people with dignity and respect. No matter who you were or where you came from, he gave you his time and attention.’’ Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have known Guido as a friend and fellow angler. I join his family, friends and the entire bass fishing com-munity in grieving his loss and honoring his lifetime of accomplishments and service to bass fishermen everywhere. f 
TRIBUTE TO ROBERT B. PRESLEY 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to former California State Senator and Riverside County icon Rob-ert B. Presley, who passed away on Saturday, September 22, 2018. Bob served the people of California and Riverside County in many ways throughout his life and he will be deeply missed. Bob was born in Tahlequah, Oklahoma, to Doyle and Ann Presley, on December 4, 1924. He joined the U.S. Army at the age of 18 and was awarded the Bronze Star for heroic achievement in action while serving with the Fifth Army in Italy during World War II. After attending college at Riverside Community Col-lege and the University of California, River-side, Bob joined the Riverside County Sheriff’s Department, where he would have a 24-year career. Early in his career at the Sheriff’s De-partment, Presley was known as Riverside County’s top homicide investigator. In the sec-ond half of his career with the department, Bob served as Riverside County Undersheriff to long-time Sheriff Ben Clark. Following his law enforcement career, Bob entered the world of politics and was elected to the State Senate in 1974, where he served as a Democrat representing both Riverside and San Bernardino Counties until 1994. Over the years, Bob worked on many different pieces of legislation and helped fund a num-ber of important programs and projects as the Chairman of the California Senate Appropria-tions Committee. Bob was an especially impactful advocate for the environment, prison expansion and reform, and victims of domestic violence. Thanks to Bob’s efforts, the state es-tablished the first shelters to protect battered women and children. After retiring from the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27SE8.014 E27SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1323 September 27, 2018 
legislature, Bob was appointed to serve as Chair of the State Parole Board by Republican Governor Pete Wilson and, later, to serve as Secretary of Youth and Adult Corrections by Democratic Governor Gray Davis. Senator Presley was predeceased by his first wife, Ahni Ratliff Presley. He is survived by his second wife, Susan Foreman Presley; his three adult children; Robert Presley, Jr., Donna Danielson, and Marilyn Raphael; and numerous grandchildren and great grand-children. I want to extend my heartfelt condo-lences to the Presley family, his friends, and everyone who had the pleasure of knowing him. Although Bob may be gone, the many life-changing contributions he made in River-side County will have a lasting impact. 
f 
HONORING THE YALE UNIVERSITY BANDS ON ITS CENTENNIAL AN-NIVERSARY 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, It gives me great pleasure to rise today to extend my sin-cere congratulations to the Yale University Bands—the first American University Band to present a concert tour abroad in 1959—as it celebrates its centennial anniversary. The activities that led to the birth of the Yale University Band were organized by Joseph R. Ellis in 1918 when he was a lieutenant in the United States Army assigned to the Yale Stu-dent Army Training Corps. Prior to being sta-tioned in New Haven, he had been posted in Washington, D.C. where his work was to se-cure players and leaders for bands throughout the training camps of the country. Upon his ar-rival at Yale, he started planning the formation of a band. Finding no funds available, Lieuten-ant Ellis took up a collection from the military units which were then in training. He secured the services of a professional coach, Charles F. Smith, a New Haven musician who had considerable band experience, a few instru-ments were purchased, and musical talent was recruited from the S.A.T.C. (Student Army Training Corps). This first Yale band provided music for military formations until the Corps was demobilized in December 1918, after the Armistice. The instruments were turned over to the University with the hope that they would provide the nucleus for a student band in the future. Lieutenant Ellis remained at Yale and went on to become Registrar of Freshmen. On Oc-tober 1, 1919, he and Charles Smith suc-ceeded in persuading twenty students to form the Yale Band which played at some of the minor football games that fall. It was from those twenty students a century ago that the Yale Bands have expanded to include the Yale Jazz Ensemble, the Yale Precision Marching Band, and the Yale Concert Band— producing a combined thirty national and inter-national concert tours. In its one hundred years, the Yale Bands has been served by just six directors: Charles Smith, Alvin Etler, Keith L. Wilson, Keith Brion, Richard Thurston, and today’s director, Thom-as C. Duffy who has held the position for thir-ty-seven years. The Yale Bands have amassed an impres-sive record of musical commissions, world premieres, and service to civic, academic and national events, all combined with a commit-ment to music as a social force. Yale Bands have produced benefit concerts to raise relief money in response to natural disasters, have performed in a Syrian refugee camp in Ath-ens, Greece, and regularly directs the talents of its members in performances that support philanthropic, educational, and social pro-grams. For its formative place in the development of the 20th-century American Wind Band, for its pioneering work with the commissioning of new band works from important composers, for its long-standing commitment to music as a social force and its impact on the local New Haven community and those around the world, I am proud to stand today to extend my heart-felt congratulations to the Yale University Bands as it celebrates its 100th anniversary. I wish them all the best for another century of fine performances, artistic leadership, and service through music. f 
RECOGNIZING WESTMINSTER AT LAKE RIDGE ON ITS 25TH ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to con-gratulate Westminster at Lake Ridge on its 25th anniversary and to commend the staff, residents, and volunteers for their commitment to the community and their dedication to the well-being of all who call Westminster home. Although we are celebrating Westminster at Lake Ridge’s Silver Anniversary, the origins of this exceptional community date back more than 40 years to 1977, when the late Myles Golbranson began his efforts to establish a Presbyterian-sponsored life-care retirement community in Northern Virginia. For the next 8 years, he led an Ad Hoc Committee to assist with exploring options. In 1985, it appeared that the unwavering efforts to establish a re-tirement community were within reach when Mr. S. Parker Oliphant offered to donate a 37- acre parcel of land located in Centreville, VA. Project design and site-analysis began, as did fundraising efforts for pre-construction ex-penses. In 1988, the project was suddenly de-railed due to water management and zoning complications. Later that year, an alternate 62- acre site was identified in Lake Ridge, VA. In 1993, Westminster at Lake Ridge opened its doors, finally fulfilling Myles Golbranson’s dream. In the last 25 years, Westminster at Lake Ridge has grown significantly and is now home to approximately 400 residents. Amen-ities and services are available to suit the in-terests of the residents—whether it is joining a book club, participating in fitness classes, fish-ing in one of the two ponds, or strolling through the wooded trails to the Occoquan River. Residents are also actively engaged in the community—volunteering with local schools, hospitals, and at civic and cultural events. The Flying Fingers, a group of resi-dents who knit and crochet items, has created countless articles of clothing and blankets for many charities including Ellie’s Hats, which provides the handmade caps to children who have lost their hair due to chemotherapy treat-ments. The activities, amenities and health services provided by Westminster at Lake Ridge are guided by its mission: to provide a continuum of care to older adults that fosters independ-ence, dignity, and self-determination. These core values have been central to every expan-sion of activities and health care services in-cluding the Memory Support Neighborhoods for those who suffer from Alzheimer’s disease or other forms of dementia. To ensure the safety of those suffering from debilitating memory issues, Westminster at Lake Ridge has partnered with the Prince William County Sheriff’s Office on Project Lifesaver—a GPS program that can instantly locate a partici-pating resident who may have wandered into an unsafe environment. In 2015, in recognition of its exceptional care and opportunities for older adults, West-minster at Lake Ridge was fully accredited by the Commission on Accreditation of Rehabili-tation Facilities—Continuing Care Accrediting Commission (CARF–CCAC.) In the United States, fewer than 10 percent of all continuing care retirement communities have received this accreditation, which is granted only after successfully completing an in-depth, multi-day audit by CARF–CCAC. In addition, West-minster at Lake Ridge has received the high-est rating possible, a 5-star overall rating from Medicare. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent this extraordinary facility. Westminster at Lake Ridge provides an exceptional quality of life for active retirees, as well as more intensive compassionate care when needed. I thank the staff and volunteers for their dedication to their mission and commend them as well as the hundreds of residents for their service. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Westminster at Lake Ridge on its 25th anni-versary and in wishing all who live and work in this vibrant community continued success. 
f 
IN CELEBRATION OF TAIWAN’S NATIONAL DAY 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to wish all people celebrating Tai-wan’s National Day, a Happy Double Ten Day. The United States and Taiwan are united in common interests and commitment to freedom and democracy. The Taiwanese people share our values of human rights, adherence to the rule of law, and freedom of speech. Taiwan is a shining example of democracy, exemplified by multiple peaceful transfers of power fol-lowing free elections. In addition to our close cultural and political partnership, the United States and Taiwan also share a booming economic partnership. Bilateral trade between our countries sur-passed $86 billion in 2017, making Taiwan the United States’ 11th largest trading partner. Taiwan is also a partner with the United States in our resolute efforts to combat global terrorism. For example, its contribution to the Global Coalition to Defeat ISIS will assist refu-gees as they return to their homes and begin rebuilding their communities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27SE8.018 E27SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1324 September 27, 2018 
I ask my colleagues to join me in recommit-ting ourselves to the U.S.-Taiwan relationship, and in wishing Taiwan a Happy Double Ten Day. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF KYLE ALAN ZIEGLER 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, the following thoughtful obituary was pub-lished on September 26, 2018: 
Kyle Alan Ziegler, age 59, went home to be with his Lord and Savior on Sept. 26th 2018 after a recent diagnosis of brain cancer. He was born in Oberlin on Sept. 18, 1959 to Lyle and Dorothy (Upton) Ziegler and was a life-long resident of Wellington. Kyle graduated from Wellington High School in 1978 and attended Geneva College in Pennsylvania. He was a self-employed businessman, operating Ziegler Lawn Care, which he began as a teenager until his diag-nosis. He also had other business ventures including a partnership in Wellington Self Storage and remodeling houses with his son Josh. On Dec. 4 1982 Kyle married Jean Liles at Church of the Open Door in Elyria, Ohio. To-gether they raised their children. He was a faithful and loving husband, father, grand-father, and a good friend to many. Kyle en-joyed traveling, especially hiking and ex-ploring in the western United States. He served God in many area churches over the years, and spent his last days sharing Jesus out on the porch with every visitor. He is survived by his loving wife of 35 years, Jean; son Daniel Ziegler (Rae-Lynn); son Joshua Ziegler; daughter Kylee Bogner (Kenneth); grandson Emmerich Bogner; granddaughter due in November; brother Mark Ziegler (Joyce); sister Marlene Ham-ilton (David) and several nieces & nephews. Preceded in death by his father Lyle Zie-gler, mother Dorothy Upton Ziegler Tegtmeyer, and grandson Daniel Alan Zie-gler Jr. f 
RECOGNIZING THE PASADENA LIVESTOCK SHOW AND RODEO VETERAN’S COMMITTEE 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the Pasadena Livestock Show and Rodeo Veteran’s Committee in celebration of Military Appreciation Night. The Pasadena Livestock show and rodeo, located in Pasadena, Texas has been enter-taining the citizens of Pasadena and sur-rounding cities since 1949 with Professional Rodeo Cowboys Association (PRCA) rodeo action; livestock and home economics com-petitions; and concerts. One of the main goals of the Rodeo is awarding scholarships to stu-dents from Pasadena, Deer Park, La Porte, and Clear Creek school districts. Since its inception in 2012, the Veteran’s Committee has continually recognized local veterans and provided veterans and their fami-lies an opportunity to become more involved in the Rodeo. Thanks to the work of the Vet-eran’s Committee, veterans are picked up from the Michael E. DeBakey VA Medical Center in Houston and provided a police es-cort to the rodeo grounds. At the rodeo vet-erans receive: a barbeque dinner, special tour of the agricultural barn, recognition during the rodeo performance, and VIP seating. Active Duty military personnel are also recognized on Military Appreciation Night. In 2014, the Rodeo and Veteran’s Com-mittee started a new tradition when Army re-cruits received their Oath of Enlistment on the arena floor in front of the rodeo audience. This event has grown into a joint branch swearing in ceremony. Members of the Veteran’s Com-mittee and Active Duty military personnel join the recruits on the floor establishing a past, present, and future military presence during the ceremony. Mr. Speaker, as a former guardsman and Air Force officer, and as the father of a highly- decorated Navy SEAL, it is a tremendous honor and privilege to be asked to administer the Oath of Enlistment to these young men and women on Saturday, September 29th. This year the Rodeo is honoring heroes who were declared Missing in Action (M.I.A.). America must never forget these service members and their families. May God richly bless our Nation’s veterans for their sacrifice. May He continue to protect those who are serving and those who will be serving. My prayers are also with the families of those who lost love ones and those who are Missing in Action. f 
INNOVATIONS IN MENTORING, TRAINING, AND APPRENTICE-SHIPS ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. ROGER W. MARSHALL 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 25, 2018 Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5509, Innovations in Men-toring, Training and Apprenticeships Act, sponsored by my friend, Leader K
EVIN M
CCARTHY . With the creation of three competi-tive STEM grants under the National Science Foundation, this bipartisan bill will help meet the future workforce demands in STEM occu-pations and encourage innovative partnerships between academic institutions and local STEM employers. In February, Dr. John Bardo, President of Wichita State University, testified at a Science, Space and Technology hearing on STEM edu-cation and careers. His testimony and exam-ples of Wichita State’s applied learning oppor-tunities helped develop the grant program for undergraduate STEM students at 4-year uni-versities. These opportunities provide students a chance to work for employers in their areas of interest and allow students to gain skills that better prepare them to make substantial contributions to their employers when they graduate. We have an opportunity to pave a path to success and meet the needs of our growing technical workforce in order to stay globally competitive. This bill is a great step in that di-rection. I’m proud to support this legislation and urge my colleagues to do the same. CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 6157, DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AP-PROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 SPEECH OF  
HON. PETER A. DeFAZIO 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 26, 2018 Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I will vote in support of the Conference Report for H.R. 6157, the Department of Defense and Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education Appropriations Act of 2019 and Continuing Ap-propriations Act of 2019. The legislation includes several provisions that I strongly support, including giving serv-icemen and women a well-deserved raise of 2.6 percent. Those who serve in uniform have made extraordinary sacrifices for our country and have earned and deserve a pay raise. The legislation also prohibits the use of funds in Syria and Iraq in contravention of the War Powers Resolution. As a co-equal branch of the federal government, the president must come to Congress to seek authorization for the use of military force. It also includes fund-ing for Ukraine and Eastern Europe security initiatives to counter Russia’s heightened mili-tary provocations and annexation of Crimea. Despite these vital provisions, I have con-cerns with a number of provisions included in the Conference Report. This legislation author-izes more than $606.5 billion for the Depart-ment of Defense, including $67.8 billion to the Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) fund, an account which is not counted in the budget and is not paid for. It adds to the def-icit and is used as a slush fund by the Pen-tagon. Unlike every other federal agency, the De-partment of Defense (DOD) has yet to com-plete a financial audit; taxpayers deserve to know how the biggest bureaucracy in the fed-eral government spends their money. Additionally, the bill prohibits the closing of Guantanamo Bay, which costs more than $100 million each year to house 41 prisoners and has been used as a top recruiting tool by terrorists. The bottom line is that the prison has been a black eye for the United States, has eroded relationships with our allies, under-mined U.S. missions abroad, and put U.S. citi-zens and our troops at risk of retaliation. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE NORTHERN VIR-GINIA CHAMBER OF COMMERCE 2018 DISTINGUISHED SERVICE AWARD RECIPIENTS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, l rise to rec-ognize the recipients of the 3rd Annual Distin-guished Service Awards and to commend the Northern Virginia Chamber of Commerce for continuing to sponsor these awards. Cele-brating the achievements of our veterans is important because our veterans in Northern Virginia and throughout our country have sac-rificed so much for our community and our na-tion. It is our duty to support those who have served in uniform and to honor and uphold the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27SE8.020 E27SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1325 September 27, 2018 
sacred agreement between our society and our veterans. I am honored to include in the R
ECORD the following names of the 2018 Dis-tinguished Service award recipients: Veteran Business Mentorship Award: Arca-dia Center for Sustainable Food and Agri-culture: Arcadia Center for Sustainable Food & Agriculture demonstrates the importance of creating more equitable and sustainable local food systems for our community. Since 2010, Arcadia has provided underserved commu-nities with access to healthy, affordable food regardless of where they live or how much they earn. In particular I would like to com-mend the Veteran’s Farmer Program which gives our nation’s heroes the opportunity to seek meaningful careers after they complete their service. With their Veteran Farmer Re-serve Program, the Fellowship Program, and Veteran Farmer Land Access, Arcadia not only supports our nation’s veterans but also reinvigorates the farm sector with skilled new growers, eager to begin their next phase in life. Meritorious Veteran Owned Business (Emerging): Honor Brewing Company: Honor Brewing Company commits itself to honoring our nation’s heroes accompanied with the sim-ple enjoyment of fine craft beer. Along with their wonderful selection such as Honor War-rior IPA, Cherry Wheat, and the Maple Porter, Honor Brewing Company is committed to giv-ing back to our veterans, those who have been wounded, and their families not only fi-nancially but with their personal time as well. Their belief of listening and honoring the sto-ries of our nation’s heroes who have made the ultimate sacrifice stands as evidence of their commitment to America’s finest. Meritorious Veteran Owned Business (Es-tablished): ThunderCat Technology: ThunderCat Technology provides federal and commercial customers with strategies for data storage, networking and security applications. With their vision of being a premier trusted provider of Information Technology products, along with their special approach of evaluating consumers specific and unique needs, ThunderCat Technology is a confirmation that veteran owned businesses are trusted sources of quality service. ThunderCat Technology’s steadfast involvement in philanthropic organi-zations that support both wounded warriors and other veteran owned small businesses speaks volumes of their commitment to our community’s veterans. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking these incredible organizations and in congratulating them on being honored as a 2018 Northern Virginia Chamber of Commerce Distinguished Service Award recipient. Civic engagement is the foundation of a healthy community, and Fairfax County residents enjoy an exceptional quality of life due in part to the efforts of these individuals. The con-tributions and leadership of these honorees have been a great benefit to our community and truly merit our highest praise. 
f 
RISING DRUG PRICES 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today regarding the alarm-ing rise in prescription drug costs in this coun-try. Earlier this year, the President claimed that drug companies would be announcing ‘‘mas-sive’’ voluntary drug price cuts. In fact, an Associated Press analysis of brand-name prescription drug prices shows it’s been business as usual for drugmakers, with far more price hikes than cuts. The AP found that over the first seven months of the year, there were 96 price hikes for every price cut. As the AP said in its story, drug pricing is far from transparent. Manufacturers typically set high list prices but then negotiate rebates and discounts with prescription benefit man-agers, to get preferential insurance coverage for their products. Many consumers never see the list price, though rising drug prices generally put pres-sure on insurers to raise rates. Patients with high deductible or no insurance often get stuck being charged the full list price. In addition, the Republican tax bill is being used by the big pharmaceutical companies to buy back shares in its companies to increase its stock prices. The tax bill is increasing our government debt, taking money from all Amer-icans in order to enrich hedge funds, other Wall Street investors and top drug company executives, but not helping the patients that depend on those drugs. We need to implement changes that will bring down drug prices. One way is that prescription drugs that meet a test for an unconscionable price increase will be subject to new investigative and en-forcement action by a new ‘‘price gouging’’ en-forcer. National spending on prescription drugs is on the rise. Prescription drug prices increased an average of 12.6 percent in 2014 and 10 percent in 2015. In 2015, 16.7 percent of health care spending in the U.S. went to pre-scription drugs. The government needs to be given the au-thority to negotiate drug prices. Medicare is not allowed to negotiate with drug companies about their product. The government is the largest buyer of most products and the Gen-eral Services Administration currently nego-tiates whenever the government is buying a product and puts it on the schedule for all gov-ernment procurement officers to use. But not prescription drugs. This is a huge giveaway for the drug industry and that needs to end. Now is not the time to line the pockets of pharmaceutical CEOs while Americans are suffering from high prescription drug costs. It is time to be innovative with our health care and support the working men and women who need the help to live a healthy life. f 
MALNUTRITION AWARENESS WEEK RECOGNITION 
HON. LYNN JENKINS 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of this week as Malnutri-tion Awareness Week. Malnutrition Awareness Week is a multi-or-ganizational, multi-pronged campaign created by the American Society for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition. This campaign seeks to edu-cate healthcare professionals to identify and treat for malnutrition earlier. It seeks to edu-cate consumers and patients to discuss their nutrition status with health care professionals and increase awareness of nutrition’s role on patient recovery. Every 60 seconds, 10 hospitalized patients with malnutrition go undiagnosed, and many of these patients are older adults. Yet, there are common-sense solutions that can close this care gap. We cannot solve what we do not first meas-ure. Unfortunately, we do not truly know the full extent of the malnutrition problem plaguing our senior population. This is because screen-ing measures for malnutrition are not a part of our national health surveys and malnutrition is not included in the national health indicators and goals for older Americans that help shape public health programs and guide healthcare professionals. I therefore call on the U.S. De-partment of Health and Human Services to routinely include malnutrition screening meas-ures in national health surveys of older adults and include malnutrition among national key health indicators and Healthy People 2030 goals for older adults. We cannot expect older adults and their families to take steps to address malnutrition if we do not give guidance on identification of and interventions for the problem. The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and U.S. Department of Agriculture develop new national dietary guidelines every five years, but the guidelines have never ad-dressed the issue of older adult malnutrition. I therefore urge HHS and USDA to include die-tary guidance for the prevention and treatment of older adult malnutrition and the closely aligned problem of age-related sarcopenia, the loss of strength and muscle, in the 2020 Die-tary Guidelines for Americans. We cannot advance malnutrition care and promote improved patient recovery if we do not align the identification of and interventions for malnutrition with health care quality incen-tive programs. Malnutrition can lead to greater risk of chronic disease, frailty, disability, and increases in healthcare costs, yet nutrition sta-tus is rarely evaluated and managed as indi-viduals transition across care settings. I there-fore call on the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to include malnutrition re-lated quality measures in Traditional Medicare quality programs as well as include measures related to malnutrition in care transition pro-grams. f 
COMMEMORATING ROBERT MAR-TINEZ, 14TH PRESIDENT OF THE INTERNATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF MACHINIST AND AEROSPACE WORKERS 
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Robert Martinez, 14th President of the International Association of Machinist and Aerospace Workers. Robert Martinez is a fighter for the working man. His current role as President of the IAM is just one of many titles he has carried over 36 years of fighting for union workers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27SE8.025 E27SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1326 September 27, 2018 
After serving his country in the Navy, he began his IAM career as a member of Local 776A in Fort Worth, TX after being hired as an Aircraft Assembler at Lockheed Martin. At the IAM, Mr. Martinez has actively re-cruited and made a point to reach new gen-erations of workers while protecting its nearly 600,000 active and retired members. Through-out his career, Bob has held positions at the local level and worked his way up to become the General Vice President of the office of Southern Territory, where he oversaw training and education for 14 southern states. He also served as General Vice President of IAM Headquarters where he was respon-sible for the William H. Winpisinger Education and Technology Center, and IAM’s Govern-ment Employees and Aerospace sectors. Bob has been a vocal activist for labor rights in the Latino community. He recently received the Cesar Chavez Award for his distinguished work on behalf of Latino working women and men. He currently serves as the Vice President on the Executive Board of the Labor Council for Latin American Advancement. I honor Robert Martinez for his 36 years of service to union workers. 
f 
RECOGNIZING GABRIEL ‘‘GIB’’ SWAN OF GREAT FALLS 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Gabriel ‘‘Gib’’ Swan who, for over a decade, knits winter hats and donates them to cancer patients, children, the less fortunate, and many others. A Montana native and a graduate of St. Mary’s High in Great Falls, Gib started knitting hats as a hobby more than 12 years ago when his wife, Roberta, gave him a kit and taught him. Now 85, Gib has produced more than 1,000 hand-knitted hats that have been donated to homeless shelters, non-profit assistance pro-viders, cancer centers, and local schools. Gib, known throughout the community as the ‘‘Mad Hatter,’’ knits hats of all sizes and colors and never accepts payment for his work. Nearly everyone at his senior living community has one of Gib’s hand-knitted stocking caps. Mr. Speaker, for his kindness and steadfast generosity in giving of his time and talents to provide comfort to others, I recognize Gib Swan for his spirit of Montana. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2018 FAIRFAX COUNTY FIRE AND RESCUE DE-PARTMENT FIREFIGHTERS OF THE YEAR 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize those members of the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department who are being honored for their tremendous dedication to public safety. Every year, the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department selects an offi-cer, a firefighter and a civilian from their ranks who have gone above and beyond the call in the performance of their duties. In Fairfax County, our first responders are among the best in the country. Our Urban Search and Rescue Team is deployed constantly across the country and the world when disaster strikes, most recently to Texas, Florida and Puerto Rico in support of relief efforts after Hurricanes Harvey and Maria. To be selected to receive special recogni-tion, these individuals truly represent the best of the best in their respective divisions. It is my honor to include in the RECORD the recipi-ents of the 2018 Firefighter of the Year Awards: 
CAREER OFFICER OF THE YEAR : DEPUTY CHIEF JASON R . 
JENKINS  
Jason R. Jenkins holds the rank of Deputy Fire Chief with the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department (FRD), Emergency Med-ical Services (EMS) Division. Jenkins has 25 years of paid and volunteer experience in Fire and EMS and served as the Executive Officer to the Fire Chief from 2011 through 2016. He also served in a variety of state, local and re-gional capacities, including plans manager for USA–1/VATF–1 Urban Search and Rescue Team, Office of Foreign Disaster Assistance and Federal Emergency Management Agency; appointee to Governor Ralph Northam’s EMS Advisory Board; and past chair of the Metro-politan Washington Council of Governments Fire Chief’s EMS subcommittee. 
CAREER FIREFIGHTER OF THE YEAR : MASTER  
TECHNICIAN JOEL J . KOBERSTEEN  
Joel Kobersteen has served as Fill the Boot Campaign coordinator since 2003, a role that l have been proud to collaborate with him on every year. The Fill the Boot Campaign is a partnership between the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department and the Greater Washington Muscular Dystrophy Association. Due in no small part to Joel’s leadership, the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department has held the distinction of being the number one organization in the United States and Canada for funds raised for the last three years, including the campaign just completed over Labor Day weekend 2018, where an in-credible $603,676.05 was collected for re-search towards a cure for muscular dystrophy. 
CIVILIAN OF THE YEAR : MS. REENA M . THOMSON , 
FINANCIAL SPECIALIST IV  
Ms. Thomson has been assigned to the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department Urban Search and Rescue Team since 2011. In her role she not only manages the program office, but also manages the program’s budget as well. Ms. Thomson played a critical role in the planning and execution of multiple taskings of the Urban Search and Rescue Team including: Annual Team Full Scale Exer-cise, Los Angeles (2017), Hurricane Harvey Texas Deployment (2017), Hurricane Irma Florida Deployment (2017), Hurricane Irma Puerto Rico Deployment (2017) and Annual Full-Scale Exercise, Fairfax (2018). The team also conducted an Administrative Review Evaluation in 2017 which resulted in VA–TF l receiving numerous Best Practices recogni-tions. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating this year’s awardees and in thanking them for their continued service to our community. Their dedication to the safety and wellbeing of others is truly worthy of our highest praise. I wish them and all the men and women of the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department great success in all their future endeavors. Stay safe. f 
RECOGNIZING SHERIFF JIM KAELIN’S SERVICE TO THE NA-TION AND HIS COMMUNITY 
HON. MICHAEL CLOUD 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. CLOUD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the service of a truly ex-traordinary individual that ensured the safety of his community through years of dedication to the people: Sheriff Jim Kaelin. Sheriff Kaelin, of Corpus Christi Texas, has dedicated his life law enforcement, and has served his Nation and community for more than 50 years. Sheriff Kaelin is a Vietnam combat veteran who served with the 9th Infan-try Division in the Mekong Delta in 1968. He was elected Sheriff of Nueces County in 2006, 2008, 2012, and again in 2016. Sheriff Kaelin holds a Master Peace Officer license and is a Certified Law Enforcement Instructor and a Certified Firearms Instructor. Sheriff Kaelin holds an Associate of Arts Degree in Police Science from Del Mar College in addition to having graduated from Northwestern Univer-sity’s prestigious School of Police Staff and Command. Before his election as Sheriff, he served with the Texas Department of Public Safety for 29 years, retiring in 2001. He also served as a deputy sheriff for two years, then a deputy constable. At his retirement from the DPS, he was the Region 3 Safety Education Service Commander and holds the rank of Eagle Scout. His community involvement includes Past Potentate Al Amin Shriners, former Board Member for Shriners Hospitals for Children, Emeritus Board Member Goodwill Industries, Past President of Southside Rotary Club, Past President Coastal Bend Council on Alcohol and Drug Abuse, former Board Member Amer-ican Diabetes Association, and a member of the CC Mustangs. In 2010, Sheriff Kaelin was honored as one of Del Mar College’s 75 Dis-tinguished Graduates in recognition of the Col-lege’s 75th anniversary. Sheriff Kaelin has been married to his ‘‘part-ner in crime,’’ the former Sharon Bryzelak, for 42 years, and together they have five children, nine grandchildren and one great grand-daughter. Currently, their two sons serve in law enforcement. Jerry, a retired DPS officer, is now a Detective Investigator with the Crock-ett County Sheriffs Office, and Jim Jr., a re-tired Texas Ranger, is now serving as the Di-rector of Public Safety with the Lavaca Navidad River Authority. It is an honor to recognize such a remark-able individual. I urge my fellow members of Congress to applaud Sheriff Kaelin for his dedication to serving our communities and en-forcing the law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27SE8.028 E27SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1327 September 27, 2018 
HONORING RED ARNDT FOR YEARS OF SERVICE 
HON. KRISTI L. NOEM 
OF SOUTH DAKOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Red Arndt for his many years of service to the Lewis & Clark Regional Water System, as well as his lifetime commitment to bringing safe and reliable water to the rural corners of this country. Born Lennis Arndt on May 1, 1948, he earned the nickname, Red, while in grade school from his full head of red hair. The name stuck, and most people only know him today as Red Arndt. Red grew up in Springfield, Minnesota, about 90 minutes from his current hometown, Luverne where he first started working in 1989 as their public utilities director. Shortly after beginning his new position, Red heard about a proposal to bring water from the Missouri River in South Dakota to the surrounding states. A major undertaking with more people doubting the idea than supporting, Red saw the opportunity and potential, recommending to the mayor and city council that Luverne join and become one of the first members of the corporation that would later become the Lewis & Clark Regional Water System. Seeing Lewis & Clark develop from concep-tion to construction was a labor of love for Red, and a mission he fought hard to achieve. Red, one of only two original directors from 1990 still on the board, held a shovel when the ground was first broke in 2003. He has made over 60 trips to Washington, D.C.; many more to the state capitals; and has attended countless county, city and community meet-ings. Fighting to get Lewis & Clark off the ground was just a starting point for Red. He has worked tirelessly on behalf of the project, serv-ing as the vice-chairman of the board begin-ning in 1994 until becoming the board chair-man in 2006, a position he still holds. Lewis & Clark has experienced ups and downs during those years, yet under Red’s leadership, over 200 miles of pipeline have been laid in the ground—currently delivering much needed water to 14 member communities and reach-ing over 300,000 people across South Dakota, Minnesota and Iowa. He has seen over $470 million in funding to Lewis & Clark, including $57 million in advance funding from the three states. Red’s indisputable dedication was dem-onstrated when he participated in the ribbon cutting ceremony for the water treatment plant in August 2012, a mere two weeks after hav-ing open heart surgery. His fellow directors surprised him at the ceremony by presenting him with the Lewis & Clark Trailblazer Award, which is the organization’s highest honor. In May 2016, Luverne was finally able to celebrate their connection to Lewis & Clark, with Red reveling in taking the first swig of water. It was at this ceremony that the meter building in Luverne was dedicated in Red’s honor. Red will be the first to acknowledge that this endeavor, benefiting generations to come in the tristate area, has been a true team effort. But, there is no question Red’s vi-sion for the future, dogged dedication and strong leadership have been a driving force through the years. When he is not dedicating his time to Lewis & Clark, Red is a proud father of three boys (all sharing his red hair) and grandfather of three red-headed little girls. His family is his pride and joy. You will often find Red wearing a pin honoring his son who served in the United States Air Force. As a dessert-first type of guy, Red lives life to the fullest, enjoying travel, fishing and nu-merous other outdoor activities in his free time, as well as hanging out in his ‘‘man cave.’’ I am grateful for his commitment to public service, his hard work on behalf of Lewis & Clark, and, more importantly, I am proud to call him a friend. Mr. Speaker, I commend Red Arndt for his many great contributions and wish him the best as he continues to make the most out of the life God has given. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE TALLADEGA HALL OF HEROES MUSEUM 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Talladega Hall of Heroes Museum. The Talladega Hall of Heroes Museum is lo-cated in downtown Talladega in the old 1870’s Wood-Weaver Shoes building donated by the late Robert Weaver to be used for this mu-seum. The building houses a collection of Veterans memorabilia as well as an exhibit for First Re-sponders, Boy Scouts and Girl Scouts. The Talladega Hall of Heroes Museum also provides several community education and outreach programs. The vision for the Hall of Heroes began in 2004 and was housed at the Armstrong- Osborne Public Library. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the Talladega Hall of Heroes Museum. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE BLUFORD HEALTHCARE LEADERSHIP IN-STITUTE 
HON. EMANUEL CLEAVER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and commend the Bluford Healthcare Leadership Institute (BHLI) for its remarkable work in training the next genera-tion of health care leaders. The BHLI is a non-profit professional devel-opment program based in Kansas City, Mis-souri. Currently in its sixth year, BHLI is led by its founder, John W. Bluford, III, President Emeritus of Truman Medical Centers and former Chairman of the American Hospital As-sociation and the Greater Kansas City Cham-ber of Commerce. The BHLI is developing a pipeline of talented minority leaders that will diversify the ranks of health care leadership and work toward eradicating health care dis-parities. To date, 87 scholars—as participating students are called—have completed the pro-gram; 42 have received their undergraduate degrees, and 37 are working in the health care field. The BHLI is uniquely tailored for under-graduates primarily from Historically Black Col-leges and Universities who aspire to lead health care organizations. The first phase of the program lasts for two weeks and provides the scholars with experiential and didactic training in Kansas City, featuring a cadre of nationally-recognized health care practitioners and policy experts. After successful comple-tion of Phase I, the scholars are placed in paid internships across the nation where they delve more deeply into health care operations and policy. This summer, 14 Scholars successfully completed Phase I of the program: Chayse Bryant, Jasmine Thomas, and Jehnae Thomas of Florida A&M University; Elijah Evans, Nassir Holden, Alexandria Stanton, and Sikilae White of North Carolina A&T State University; Myles Harris of Fisk University; Antonio Zamudio-Moore of Rockhurst University; Mi-randa Merritt and Joy Milner of Spelman Col-lege and Camila Aponte, Dominique Paje, and Kyle Liggins of the University of Missouri-Kan-sas City. Two scholars have just completed Phase II—internships here in Washington, D.C. Madison Blagrove of Florida A&M Univer-sity interned at the Polsinelli law firm’s Public Policy division. Madison is a pharmacy major who plans to practice clinical pharmacy upon the completion of her doctoral degree. Vanessa Mendoza of the University of Mis-souri-Kansas City interned at America’s Es-sential Hospitals (AEH). Vanessa is a Health Sciences major who plans to pursue a mas-ter’s degree in health policy and law, and then advocate for increased access to health care coverage and preventive services for under-served communities. Mr. Speaker, I wish to congratulate all the scholars for their hard work this summer and to commend Mr. Bluford for his strong commit-ment to developing and nurturing the nation’s future health care leaders. f 
DISAPPEARANCES AND DAMS IN SINDH 
HON. BRAD SHERMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, as the Rank-ing Member of the Asia and the Pacific Sub-committee and the founder and chair of the Sindh Congressional Caucus, I have long fo-cused on the human rights conditions in Paki-stan. I have long urged Pakistan’s government to ensure the human rights of its citizens and uphold the rule of law. This is especially true in Sindh province. Today, I wish to discuss two issues currently confronting the Sindhi community: enforced disappearances and the construction of dams along the Indus River. The most egregious problem in Sindh is en-forced disappearances. The United Nations defines enforced disappearances as ‘‘the ar-rest, detention, abduction or any other form of deprivation of liberty by agents of the State or by persons or groups of persons acting with the authorization, support or acquiescence of the State, followed by a refusal to acknowl-edge the deprivation of liberty or by conceal-ment of the fate or whereabouts of the dis-appeared person.’’ Hidyat Lohar (Loohaar), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27SE8.032 E27SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1328 September 27, 2018 
Khadim Arijo, and Aqib Chandio are just three of the hundreds of people in Sindh who have been forcefully disappeared. Often times, these people later turn up dead, and no justice is ever served. To give just one example, Dr. Anwar Laghari was murdered three years ago, and no perpetrator has been brought to jus-tice. In fact, no one has even been charged. Another issue plaguing Sindh province is the construction of dams and canals along the Indus River. Sindh province’s economic well- being depends on having sufficient access to the water supplied by the Indus River. For decades, Sindh and Punjab provinces have shared this vital water supply. Recently, how-ever, the Pakistani government has taken to unilaterally constructing dams and canals along the river without Sindh province’s con-sent. This has increasingly choked off Sindh’s water supply, threatening the province’s eco-nomic viability. These problems must be addressed. I urge the Trump administration to raise these issues with the new Pakistani government starting with Secretary of State Pompeo, who is meet-ing with the Pakistani Foreign Minister on Oc-tober 2. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 10TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE WOODBRIDGE PO-TOMAC COMMUNITIES CIVIC AS-SOCIATION 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 10th anniversary of the estab-lishment of the Woodbridge Potomac Commu-nities Civic Association (WPCCA). In October 2008, civic-minded volunteers in the Woodbridge area of Prince William Coun-ty, Virginia founded the WPCCA in order to develop and implement a plan to improve their community. For a decade, the civic associa-tion, its leadership, and its members have worked tirelessly on the issues of redevelop-ment, transportation, beautification, and land use in order to improve the quality of life of the 66,000 residents of the Woodbridge Mag-isterial District. The members of the WPCCA get their hands dirty with the hard work of civic engage-ment. Volunteers organize clean-up efforts and maintain flower beds along Route I, host an annual Dumpster Day for area residents to dispose of unwanted belongings, and clear local creeks of trash and debris. The organiza-tion was instrumental in developing the North Woodbridge Small Area Plan with Supervisor Frank Principi, advocated for and secured un-derground utilities along a Route I widening project, and it is represented on the Executive Committee of the Prince William County Police Department’s Citizen Advisory Board. WPCCA volunteers are engaged in every aspect of civic life in their community. The WPCCA also hosts several annual events to celebrate and inform the citizens of Prince William County. The Woodbridge Dis-trict is a majority-minority community, and the WPCCA celebrates this diversity with an an-nual cultural festival that includes ethnic food, music, and dance. The area is bordered by two major waterways—the Potomac and Occoquan Rivers—and the WPCCA uses its annual river boat cruise to highlight the envi-ronmental issues impacting area creeks and rivers. The annual legislative town hall hosted by WPCCA provides citizens with updates from elected officials on the most recent de-velopments from the United States Congress, Virginia General Assembly, and the Prince William Board of County Supervisors. It is my honor to include in the RECORD the names of the members of the Board of Direc-tors for the WPCCA on the occasion of its 10th anniversary: Myma Lim Youngberg—Chair; Lynda Silverstrand—Vice Chair; Reuben Johnson— Treasurer; Maureen Parlette—Programs and Events Chair; Nader Abed—Website and Membership Chair. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing the Woodbridge Potomac Communities Civic Association and its mem-bers for the good work they do in Prince Wil-liam County. Their efforts make Woodbridge a better place to live, work, and raise a family. We are all fortunate to have such dedicated volunteers in our community. 
f 
HAPPY DOUBLE TEN DAY 
HON. DENNIS A. ROSS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, both the people of Taiwan and people in communities here in the United States will soon celebrate Double Ten Day, Taiwan’s national day. This year’s Dou-ble Ten Day is yet another cause for celebra-tion. Once again, we can celebrate the re-markable transformation Taiwan has under-gone in the years since the enactment of the Taiwan Relations Act (TRA) in 1979, and ac-knowledge that the TRA and the Six Assur-ances of 1982, which have served as the framework of US relations with Taiwan, have stood the test of time. While every national day is a celebrated oc-casion, we must never forget that Taiwan is situated in some of the world’s most contested waters and is facing a People’s Republic of China that has met President Tsai and her government with hostility from the moment she assumed her office. Mindful of those concerns, I’d like to take a moment to highlight critical Taiwan related provisions, enacted into law in August of this year, in conjunction with the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for the fiscal year 2019. This newly enacted law reiterates that the TRA and the Six Assurances are the cornerstones of our relations with Taiwan. In addition, it calls for the strengthening of de-fense cooperation with Taiwan to ensure they can maintain sufficient self-defense capability; for supporting Taiwan’s acquisition of defen-sive weapons; and for more predictability with respect to US arms sales to Taiwan. This in my view was a critical and timely reaffirmation of our support for Taiwan’s security. The 23 million people of Taiwan have cre-ated a vibrant democracy and society. The United States has and will stand by our friend for many years to come, as we work together for the peace, prosperity, and security of free-dom-loving people in Asia and across the globe. I am proud to call myself a friend of Taiwan, and again wish the people of Taiwan a Happy Double Ten Day. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 27, 2018 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present during roll call vote number 402, 403, 404, 405, 406, 407, and 408 on Sep-tember 26, 2018, due to recent surgery. Had I been present, on roll call vote number 402, I would have voted ‘‘no,’’ on roll call vote num-ber 403, I would have voted ‘‘no,’’ on roll call vote number 404, I would have voted ‘‘yes,’’ on roll call vote number 405, I would have voted ‘‘yes,’’) on roll call vote number 406, I would have voted ‘‘present,’’ on roll call vote number 407, I would have voted ‘‘no’’, and on roll call vote number 408, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27SE8.035 E27SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D1070 Thursday, September 27, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6351–S6366 Measures Introduced: Seven bills and four resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 3518–3524, and S. Res. 656–659.
                                               Pages S6355–56 
Measures Passed: CyberTipline Modernization Act: Senate passed S. 3170, to amend title 18, United States Code, to make certain changes to the reporting requirement of certain service providers regarding child sexual ex-ploitation visual depictions, after agreeing to the fol-lowing amendment proposed thereto:
             Page S6364 
Perdue (for Grassley) Amendment No. 4023, in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Page S6364 
Missing Children’s Assistance Act: Senate passed S. 3354, to amend the Missing Children’s Assistance Act, after agreeing to the following amendment pro-posed thereto:
                                                              Page S6364 
Perdue (for Grassley) Amendment No. 4024, in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Page S6364 
National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Pro-gram Reauthorization Act: Senate passed S. 1768, to reauthorize and amend the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program, after withdrawing the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                                                            Page S6364 
Perdue (for Feinstein) Amendment No. 4025, in the nature of substitute.
                                         Page S6364 
Women in Aerospace Education Act: Senate passed H.R. 4254, to amend the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 to strengthen the aerospace workforce pipeline by the promotion of Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program and Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administration intern-ship and fellowship opportunities to women, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                                                    Pages S6364–65 
National Kinship Care Month: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consider-ation of S. Res. 637, designating September 2018 as ‘‘National Kinship Care Month’’, and the resolution was then agreed to.                                                   Page S6365 
National Forensic Science Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 656, recognizing and supporting the goals and ideals of National Forensic Science Week. 
                                                                                            Page S6365 
National Adult Education and Family Literacy Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 657, designating the week of September 23 through 29, 2018, as ‘‘Na-tional Adult Education and Family Literacy Week’’. 
                                                                                            Page S6365 
National Community Policing Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 658, designating the week of Sep-tember 30 through October 6, 2018, as ‘‘National Community Policing Week’’.
                              Page S6365 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: By 98 yeas to 1 nay (Vote No. EX. 218), Lisa Porter, of Virginia, to be a Deputy Under Secretary of Defense.
                                                     Pages S6351, S6365 
5 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 1 Army nomination in the rank of general. 1 Marine Corps nomination in the rank of general. 3 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Marine Corps, and Navy.
                            Pages S6352–53, S6365–66 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S6354–55 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S6355 
Measures Placed on the Calendar: 
                                                                            Pages S6355, S6364 
Additional Cosponsors:                                        Page S6356 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S6356–57 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S6354 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S6357–63 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S6363 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—218)
                                                                Page S6351 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27SE8.REC D27SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1071 September 27, 2018 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 12 noon and ad-journed at 4:22 p.m., until 2 p.m. on Friday, Sep-tember 28, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6365.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
NOMINATIONS Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Gordon Hartogensis, of Connecticut, to be Director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, and Gail S. Ennis, of Mary-land, to be Inspector General, Social Security Ad-ministration, after the nominees testified and an-swered questions in their own behalf. EFFECT OF REGULATORY POLICY ON THE ECONOMY Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Fed-eral Management concluded a hearing to examine the effect of regulatory policy on the economy and business growth, after receiving testimony from Howard Shelanski, Georgetown University Law Cen-ter, and Maria Ghazal, Business Roundtable, both of Washington, D.C.; Dustin Chambers, George Mason University Mercatus Center, Salisbury, Maryland; and Karen Kerrigan, Small Business and Entrepre-neurship Council, Vienna, Virginia. NOMINATION Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Brett M. Kavanaugh, of Maryland, to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, after re-ceiving testimony from Christine Blasey Ford, Palo Alto University, Palo Alto, California, and after the nominee testified and answered questions in his own behalf. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 28 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6926–6953; and 10 resolutions, H. Res. 1089–1098 were introduced.
            Pages H9149–51 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H9152–53 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Harper to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H9093 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:52 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H9099 
Family Savings Act of 2018: The House passed H.R. 6757, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to encourage retirement and family savings, by a yea-and-nay vote of 240 yeas to 177 nays, Roll No. 411.
                                                                Pages H9118–34 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill, modi-fied by the amendment printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–985, shall be considered as adopted. 
                                                                                            Page H9118 H. Res. 1084, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 6756), (H.R. 6757), and (H.R. 6760) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 226 ayes to 189 noes, Roll No. 410, after the previous ques-tion was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 227 yeas to 189 nays, Roll No. 409.
                          Pages H9101–13 
American Innovation Act of 2018: The House passed H.R. 6756, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to promote new business innovation, by a yea-and-nay vote of 260 yeas to 156 nays, Roll No. 412.
                                             Pages H9113–18, H9134–35 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill, modi-fied by the amendment printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–985, shall be considered as adopted. 
                                                                                            Page H9113 
H. Res. 1084, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 6756), (H.R. 6757), and (H.R. 6760) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 226 ayes to 189 noes, Roll No. 410, after the previous ques-tion was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 227 yeas to 189 nays, Roll No. 409.
                          Pages H9101–13 
Reauthorizing and amending the Marine Debris Act to promote international action to reduce 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27SE8.REC D27SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1072 September 27, 2018 
marine debris: The House agreed to take from the Speaker?s table and pass S. 3508, to reauthorize and amend the Marine Debris Act to promote inter-national action to reduce marine debris. 
                                                                                    Pages H9135–38 
Requiring the Federal Railroad Administration and the Federal Transit Authority to provide ap-propriate Congressional notice of safety audits conducted with respect to railroads and rail transit agencies: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and pass H.R. 1093, to require the Federal Railroad Administration and the Federal Transit Authority to provide appropriate Congres-sional notice of safety audits conducted with respect to railroads and rail transit agencies.
       Pages H9138–39 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To re-quire the Federal Railroad Administration to provide appropriate congressional notice of comprehensive safety assessments conducted with respect to inter-city or commuter rail passenger transportation.’’. 
                                                                                            Page H9139 
Senate Referrals: S. 3508 was held at the desk. S. 3509 was held at the desk. Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today and appears on page H9101. Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes and one recorded vote developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H9111–12, H9112–13, H9134, and H9134–35. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:01:23 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
UPDATE ON MILITARY REVIEW BOARD AGENCIES Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Mili-tary Personnel held a hearing entitled ‘‘Update on Military Review Board Agencies’’. Testimony was heard from Francine Blackmon, Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Army (Review Boards), Department of the Army; John Fedrigo, Director, Air Force Re-view Boards Agency; and Robert Woods, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary (Manpower and Reserve Affairs), Department of the Navy. BETTER DATA AND BETTER OUTCOMES: REDUCING MATERNAL MORTALITY IN THE U.S. Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Better Data and Bet-ter Outcomes: Reducing Maternal Mortality in the U.S.’’. Testimony was heard from Representative Herrera Beutler and public witnesses. DOE MODERNIZATION: THE OFFICE OF CYBERSECURITY, ENERGY SECURITY, AND EMERGENCY RESPONSE Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Energy held a hearing entitled ‘‘DOE Modernization: The Office of Cybersecurity, Energy Security, and Emergency Response’’. Testimony was heard from Karen Evans, Assistant Secretary, Office of Cyberse-curity, Energy Security, and Emergency Response, Department of Energy. STATE OF THE MEDIA MARKETPLACE Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Communications and Technology held a hearing en-titled ‘‘State of the Media Marketplace’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. OVERSIGHT OF THE FEDERAL HOUSING FINANCE AGENCY’S ROLE AS CONSERVATOR AND REGULATOR OF THE GOVERNMENT SPONSORED ENTERPRISE Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Housing Finance Agency’s Role as Conservator and Regulator of the Government Sponsored Enterprises’’. Testi-mony was heard from Melvin Watt, Director, Fed-eral Housing Finance Agency; Laura Wertheimer, Inspector General, Federal Housing Finance Agency; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a markup on H. Res. 931, expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the 85th anniversary of the Ukrainian Famine of 1932–1933, known as the Holodomor, should serve as a reminder of repres-sive Soviet policies against the people of Ukraine; H. Res. 1055, to affirm strong United States-Liberia ties and support for democratic principles, and call for full implementation of the Truth and Reconcili-ation Commission recommendations, including the establishment of an Extraordinary Criminal Tribunal for Liberia; H.R. 6651, the ‘‘PEPFAR Extension Act of 2018’’; H. Res. 1006, condemning the deterio-rating situation in Venezuela and the regional hu-manitarian crisis it has caused, affirming support for the legitimate National Assembly and the Supreme Court, and urging further regional action in support of democracy in Venezuela; H. Res. 1052, affirming United States-Australia cooperation on space re-search, exploration, and utilization; H.R. 1567, the ‘‘United States-Mexico Economic Partnership Act’’; H.R. 4591, the ‘‘Preventing Iranian Destabilization 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27SE8.REC D27SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1073 September 27, 2018 
of Iraq Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5273, the ‘‘Global Fra-gility and Violence Reduction Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6018, the ‘‘Trans-Sahara Counterterrorism Partner-ship Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 6413, the ‘‘STOP Organ Trafficking Act’’. H. Res. 931, H. Res. 1006, H. Res. 1052, H. Res. 1055, H.R. 1567, H.R. 4591, H.R. 5273, H.R. 6018, H.R. 6413, and H.R. 6651 were ordered reported, as amended. U.S. POLICY TOWARD SYRIA: PART I Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘U.S. Policy Toward Syria: Part I’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. EUROPE AND EURASIA: ENSURING RESOURCES MATCH OBJECTIVES Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Eu-rope, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats held a hearing entitled ‘‘Europe and Eurasia: Ensuring Resources Match Objectives’’. Testimony was heard from Brock Bierman, Assistant Administrator, Bureau for Europe and Eurasia, U.S. Agency for International Develop-ment; Janine Wynne, Acting Coordinator, Office of the Coordinator of U.S. Assistance to Europe and Eurasia, Department of State; Emilia Puma, Acting Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of South and Central Asian Affairs, Department of State; and Ann Marie Yastishock, Deputy Assistant Administrator, Bureau for Asia, U.S. Agency for International De-velopment. CHINA’S WAR ON CHRISTIANITY AND OTHER RELIGIOUS FAITHS Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Chi-na’s War on Christianity and Other Religious Faiths’’. Testimony was heard from Tenzin Dorjee, Commissioner, U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom; and public witnesses. INSIDER THREATS TO AVIATION SECURITY: AIRLINE AND AIRPORT PERSPECTIVES Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Transportation and Protective Security held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Insider Threats to Aviation Security: Airline and Airport Perspectives’’. Testimony was heard from Wendy Reiter, Director, Aviation Secu-rity, Port of Seattle; and public witnesses. POST-PASPA: AN EXAMINATION OF SPORTS BETTING IN AMERICA Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Post-PASPA: An Examina-tion of Sports Betting in America’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. THE STATE OF INTELLECTUAL FREEDOM IN AMERICA Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on the Con-stitution and Civil Justice held a hearing entitled ‘‘The State of Intellectual Freedom in America’’. Tes-timony was heard from public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 3945, the ‘‘Copyright Alternative in Small-Claims Enforcement Act of 2017’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee held a markup on H. Res. 792, urging the Secretary of the Interior to recognize the historical significance of Roberto Clemente’s place of death near Piones in Loiza, Puerto Rico, by adding it to the National Register of Historic Places; H.R. 237, the ‘‘Inte-grated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act Amendments of 2017’’; H.R. 3608, the ‘‘Endangered Species Transparency and Reasonableness Act’’; H.R. 6108, the ‘‘Preserving America’s Battlefields Act’’; H.R. 6345, the ‘‘EMPOWERS Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6346, the ‘‘WHOLE Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6355, the ‘‘PETITION Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6365, the ‘‘Treaty of Guadalupe-Hidalgo Land Claims Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6434, to amend section 7 of Public Law 100–515 (16 U.S.C. 1244 note) to promote contin-ued use of the James J. Howard Marine Sciences Laboratory at Gateway National Recreation Area by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion; and S. 607, the ‘‘Native American Business In-cubators Program Act’’. H. Res. 792, H.R. 6434, S. 607, H.R. 3608, H.R. 6108, H.R. 6345, and H.R. 6346 were ordered reported, without amendment. H.R. 6355, H.R. 6365, and H.R. 237 were ordered reported, as amended. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 5381, the ‘‘GRATER Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6891, the ‘‘Antideficiency Reform and Enforcement Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6893, to amend the Overtime Pay for Protective Services Act of 2016 to extend the Secret Service overtime pay exemption through 2019, and for other purposes; H.R. 6901, the ‘‘Federal CIO Authorization Act of 201’’; H.R. 6777, the ‘‘Settle-ment Agreement Information Database Act of 2018’’; H.R. 3154, the ‘‘Inspector General Access Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5759, the ‘‘21st Century Inte-grated Digital Experience Act’’; H.R. 1272, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27SE8.REC D27SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1074 September 27, 2018 
‘‘Cold Case Record Collections Act of 2017’’; H.R 5791, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9609 South University Bou-levard in Highlands Ranch, Colorado, as the ‘‘Dep-uty Sheriff Zackari Spurlock Parrish, III, Post Office Building’’; H.R 5792, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 90 North 4th Avenue in Brighton, Colorado, as the ‘‘Deputy Sher-iff Heath McDonald Gumm Post Office’’; H.R 6216, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3025 Woodgate Road in Montrose, Colorado, as the ‘‘Sergeant David Kinterknecht Post Office’’; H.R 6217, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 241 N 4th Street in Grand Junction, Colo-rado, as the ‘‘Deputy Sheriff Derek Geer Post Office Building’’; H.R 6428, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 332 Ramapo Valley Road in Oakland, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Frank Leone Post Office’’; H.R 6513, to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Service located at 1110 West Market Street in Athens, Alabama, as the ‘‘Judge James E. Horton, Jr. Post Office Build-ing’’; H.R 6591, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 501 South Kirkman Road in Orlando, Florida, as the ‘‘Napo-leon ‘Nap’ Ford Post Office Building’’; H.R 6621, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 530 East Main Street in Johnson City, Tennessee, as the ‘‘Major Homer L. Pease Post Office’’; H.R 6628, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4301 North-east 4th Street in Renton, Washington, as the ‘‘James Marshall ‘Jimi’ Hendrix Post Office Build-ing’’; and H.R 6780, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7521 Paula Drive in Tampa, Florida, as the ‘‘Major Andreas O’Keeffe Post Office Building’’. H.R 5792, H.R. 5381, H.R. 6893, H.R. 5759, and H.R. 1272 were ordered reported, as amended. H.R. 6891, H.R. 6901, H.R. 6777, H.R. 3154, H.R. 5791, H.R. 6216, H.R. 6217, H.R. 6428, H.R. 6513, H.R. 6591, H.R. 6621, H.R. 6628, and H.R. 6780 were ordered reported, without amendment. THE BENEFITS OF A DEREGULATORY AGENDA: EXAMPLES FROM PIONEERING GOVERNMENTS Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Intergovernmental Affairs; and Sub-committee on Healthcare, Benefits and Administra-tive Rules held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Bene-fits of a Deregulatory Agenda: Examples from Pio-neering Governments’’. Testimony was heard from Scott Brinkman, Secretary of the Executive Cabinet, Kentucky; and public witnesses. RESTORING BALANCE TO ENVIRONMENTAL LITIGATION Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on the Interior, Energy, and Environment held a hearing entitled ‘‘Restoring Balance to Envi-ronmental Litigation’’. Testimony was heard from Jonathan Brightbill, Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Environment and Natural Resources Divi-sion, Department of Justice; and public witnesses. ADVANCING NUCLEAR ENERGY: POWERING THE FUTURE Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Energy held a hearing entitled ‘‘Ad-vancing Nuclear Energy: Powering the Future’’. Tes-timony was heard from Edward McGinnis, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Nuclear Energy, De-partment of Energy; John Wagner, Associate Labora-tory Director, Nuclear Science and Technology, Idaho National Laboratory; and public witnesses. THE LOCAL IMPACT OF ECONOMIC GROWTH Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Growth, Tax, and Capital Access held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘The Local Impact of Economic Growth’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Full Committee held a markup on General Services Ad-ministration Capital Investment and Leasing Pro-gram Resolutions; H.R. 5158, to direct the Secretary of Transportation to request nominations for and make determinations regarding roads to be des-ignated under the national scenic byways program, and for other purposes; and H.R. 6622, to designate the Federal building located at 2110 First Street in Fort Myers, Florida, as the ‘‘George W. Whitehurst Federal Building’’. General Services Administration Capital Investment and Leasing Program Resolutions were adopted, without amendment. H.R. 6622 and H.R. 5158 were ordered reported, as amended. VETERAN SUICIDE PREVENTION: MAXIMIZING EFFECTIVENESS AND INCREASING AWARENESS Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Veteran Suicide Prevention: Maxi-mizing Effectiveness and Increasing Awareness’’. Tes-timony was heard from Keita Franklin, National Di-rector, Suicide Prevention, Office of Mental Health and Suicide Prevention, Veterans Health Administra-tion, Department of Veterans Affairs; and public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27SE8.REC D27SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1075 September 27, 2018 
THE STATE OF SOCIAL SECURITY’S INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on So-cial Security held a hearing entitled ‘‘The State of Social Security’s Information Technology’’. Testi-mony was heard from Rajive Mathur, Deputy Com-missioner of Systems and Chief Information Officer, Social Security Administration; Gale Stallworth Stone, Acting Inspector General, Social Security Ad-ministration; and Carol C. Harris, Director, Informa-tion Technology Management Issues, Government Accountability Office. 
Joint Meetings 
JUDGE VENCKIENE EXTRADITION CASE Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Com-mission concluded a hearing to examine politically- motivated injustice, focusing on the extradition case of Judge Venckiene, after receiving testimony from Vytautas Matulevicius, Member of Lithuanian Par-liament, Abbe Jolles, Global Legal, Mary G. Leary, Catholic University of America Columbus School of Law, and Karolis Venkus. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider S. 2785, to designate foreign persons who improperly interfere in United States elections as inadmissible aliens, S. 3178, to amend title 18, United States Code, to speci-fy lynching as a deprivation of civil rights, and the nomi-nations of Brett M. Kavanaugh, of Maryland, to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, Jonathan A. Kobes, of South Dakota, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, John M. O’Connor, to be United States District Judge for the Northern, Eastern and Western Districts of Oklahoma, Kenneth D. Bell, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of North Carolina, Stephanie A. Gallagher, to be United States District Judge for the Dis-trict of Maryland, Mary S. McElroy, to be United States District Judge for the District of Rhode Island, Carl J. Nichols, to be United States District Judge for the Dis-trict of Columbia, and Martha Maria Pacold, Mary M. Rowland, and Steven C. Seeger, each to be a United States District Judge for the Northern District of Illinois, 9:30 a.m., SD–226. House 
Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Contributing Factors to C–130 Mishaps and Other Intra-Theater Airlift Challenges’’, 9 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Finan-cial Institutions and Consumer Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Opportunities for Financial Markets in the Digital Era’’, 9 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on the Con-stitution and Civil Justice, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Sober Living Homes’’, 9 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Full Com-mittee, Business Meeting, 9 a.m., HVC–304. This hear-ing will be closed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27SE8.REC D27SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1076 September 27, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 2 p.m., Friday, September 28 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will be in a period of morn-ing business. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Friday, September 28 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: Consideration of H.R. 6760—Pro-tecting Family and Small Business Tax Cuts Act of 2018. Consideration of the following measure under suspension of the Rules: House Amendment to the Senate Amend-ment to H.R. 6—SUPPORT for Patients and Commu-nities Act. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Babin, Brian, Tex., E1324 Calvert, Ken, Calif., E1322 Cleaver, Emanuel, Mo., E1327 Cloud, Michael, Tex., E1326 Cole, Tom, Okla., E1315 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E1316, E1317, E1318, E1320, E1321, E1322, E1323, E1324, E1326, E1328 Cooper, Jim, Tenn., E1316 DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E1324 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E1323 Duncan, John J., Jr., Tenn., E1319 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E1328 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E1323 Gianforte, Greg, Mont., E1326 Goodlatte, Bob, Va., E1319 Harper, Gregg, Miss., E1315 Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E1318 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1316 Jenkins, Lynn, Kans., E1325 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1325 LaMalfa, Doug, Calif., E1321 Lawrence, Brenda L., Mich., E1317 Long, Billy, Mo., E1322 Marshall, Roger W., Kans., E1324 Messer, Luke, Ind., E1322 Noem, Kristi L., S.Dak., E1327 Palazzo, Steven M., Miss., E1320 Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E1318 Roe, David P., Tenn., E1315 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E1327 Ross, Dennis A., Fla., E1328 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E1319 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E1315 Sherman, Brad, Calif., E1327 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1316 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E1320, E1325 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1324 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E1321 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D27SE8.REC D27SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST