Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H135 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JANUARY 11, 2018 No. 7 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. S
IMPSON ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, January 11, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable M
ICHAEL K. S
IMPSON to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Loving God, Lord of us all, we give You thanks for giving us another day. You, O Lord, are the source of life and love. You hear the prayer of Con-gress, both for the good of this Nation and for the good of humanity around the world. Help this Congress and the President to discern Your will in our day. By drawing upon the truth taken from a diversity of opinions, may a solid foundation be formed upon which a stable future may be built. May short-term gains or self-interest never prove to be an obstacle to true vision. Rather, Lord, grant to each Member depth of perception, clear analysis, and creative response to the needs of our time. In these days, give wisdom to all the Members, and may all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ALLA -
GHER ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. GALLAGHER led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will entertain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
PARTICIPATING IN MARTIN LUTHER KING DAY OF SERVICE (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, I will honor Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s legacy by volunteering my time to help my com-munity. I will be at the State College Food Bank working with its clients during distribution time. State College Food Bank, a wonder-ful organization under the leadership of the executive director, Carol Pioli, is a tremendously successful organization. Last year, the food bank served thou-sands of people and more than 700 fami-lies in the community. In addition, it shared 26 tons of food to help other nonprofit organizations with their food needs. As chairman of the Agriculture Com-mittee’s Nutrition Subcommittee, I know the vital role the State College Food Bank plays in the lives of so many. Since it opened in 1982, it has provided nutritious food to those in need. I look forward to working alongside food bank employees and volunteers on Monday because too many Americans are food insecure, and through local food banks, these individuals can re-ceive healthy and nutritious food for themselves and their families. No one in America should go hungry, and our local food banks work every day to re-alize that goal. f 
WE NEED TO VOTE ON THE DREAM ACT (Mr. SCHRADER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share Fabiola’s story and con-tinue to demand a vote on the Dream Act. Fabiola and her family moved to Or-egon when she was just 6 years old. When DACA was announced, it gave her the strength to come out of the shadows and pursue her goals. She earned a driver’s license, took out a loan for a car, got a job, and started working towards an associate’s degree in early childhood education. Fabiola currently works as a bilin-gual preschool teacher for Early Head Start and will soon earn her bachelor’s degree in early childhood education, fo-cused on special education, from West-ern Oregon University. DACA has given Fabiola the oppor-tunity to make her dream of becoming a special needs teacher a reality. Be-cause leadership in Congress refuses to act on DACA, however, she will lose her status, and Fabiola will not be al-lowed to maintain her teaching license. Every day, 122 DACA recipients lose their ability to have a job and go to school. We don’t have until March 15. It is happening now. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.000 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH136 January 11, 2018 
Stop delaying. It is time to get it done. Let’s include a clean Dream Act in next week’s funding package. 
f 
HONORING THE 2018 NORTH CAROLINA MARCH FOR LIFE (Mr. ROUZER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend and encourage the thousands of great, noble North Caro-linians participating in the 2018 March for Life this weekend. We know from God’s Word, the Holy Scriptures, that life begins at concep-tion. Unfortunately, since the Supreme Court decision of Roe v. Wade, more than 59 million innocent lives have been terminated through abortion. That is almost six times the population of North Carolina. Without question, it is our moral ob-ligation to fight for and protect the lives of those who cannot speak for themselves, the talented and able lives of those who are no different than our own. Today and every day, I am honored to stand with those who so bravely fight to protect the most vulnerable among us. With each passing day, we shall continue to advance this very noble cause. 
f 
FOR DREAMERS, THE TIME TO ACT IS NOW (Mr. BROWN of Maryland asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, every day, 122 DREAMers lose their protections from deportation. Every day, 122 young people in this country still consider whether they should go to class, whether they should show up for work, whether they should put on the uniform of our military in service to our country, because every day that Congress delays and does nothing means more bright, hardworking young people who know no other home than the United States are being asked to leave or risk being arrested. Our inaction is creating an impend-ing crisis for workforces, families, and communities around the country. We must pass a permanent, bipartisan so-lution to enable DREAMers to con-tinue to live, work, and contribute to this country and that provides a path-way to full citizenship. We have seen time and time again that the overwhelming majority of Americans on both sides of the aisle in both parties agree that we should pro-tect our DREAMers. Yesterday, 115 business leaders, including CEOs from Amazon, Facebook, General Motors, and Verizon, asked Congress to act im-mediately. DREAMers don’t have the luxury of time. Hundreds of thousands of deserv-ing young people are counting on us. We can’t wait until March to make sure that our DREAMers are protected and included and welcomed. Mr. Speaker, the time to act is now. f 
DO YOUR JOB (Mr. GALLAGHER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I don’t often make these 1-minute speeches, but I am concerned about where we might we headed next week in terms of the budget. Last week, the House took another weeklong break instead of staying here in order to talk about fulfilling our fundamental duty of passing a budget and funding the government. Yet here we are once again, for the third time in 2 months, just 10 days away from gov-ernment funding running out, and once again we are scheduled to leave town. Mr. Speaker, Congress is paid to do a job, and so we shouldn’t leave town until that job is done. This constant cycle of careening from one budgetary deadline to the next is irresponsible and embarrassing. Only in Washington is doing a basic task like keeping the lights on considered such a difficult achievement. It doesn’t have to be this way. The solution is simple: No more breaks. Lock us on the House floor until we reach a budget deal that does right by our constituents, does right by the military, does right by all these dif-ferent programs. Passing a budget is not just our job, it is the law, and no one, including this body, is above the law. I urge my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to end the partisan stall tactics. Let’s work together and do the job we were elected to do. 
f 
THE BLANK CHECK OF SECTION 702 (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, since 2001, the civil liberties of the American people have been trampled on under the blank check of section 702, a pro-gram that exists to allow our govern-ment to surveil foreigners on foreign soil, but which also allows our govern-ment to collect, retain, and search communications of everyday Ameri-cans without a warrant and with bla-tant disregard for our Fourth Amend-ment constitutional rights. Now, we have a very important re-sponsibility here in Congress to strike a balance between national security and keeping the American people safe while also protecting our constitu-tionally protected freedoms. I urge my colleagues to vote for our bipartisan USA Rights amendment today, which maintains necessary au-thorities to keep the American people safe while also, simultaneously, pro-tecting our civil liberties. Now, unfortunately, opponents of this USA Rights amendment are push-ing fear tactics and misinformation. Don’t fall for it. Let us make this crit-ical choice. Vote to keep our country safe. Vote to uphold our constitutional rights that so many have fought and died to protect. f 
RECOGNIZING TANIA PRATNICKI YOUNG (Mr. WALBERG asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to represent a large number of dedicated autoworkers who live and work in Michigan’s Seventh Congres-sional District. Today I want to recog-nize one of the truly exceptional ones, Tania Pratnicki Young, the plant man-ager at Dundee Engine Plant in Dun-dee, Michigan. Tania has been the plant manager since 2013 and recently reached a remarkable milestone: 40 years with the company. The Fiat Chrysler plant employs about 700 people and produces engines for various Dodge and Jeep products, including the Jeep Cherokee. Under Tania’s leadership, Dundee was the first U.S. facility to be awarded silver status for implementing the principles of World Class Manufacturing. It shows her commitment to excellence in pro-ductivity, quality, and safety. Tania calls Dundee ‘‘the family plant.’’ I have had the privilege of tour-ing the factory floor with her and was impressed by the efficiency of the plant and the friendliness of her team. Thanks to people like Tania Pratnicki Young, the auto industry is thriving in Michigan. Tania, congratulations on your 40- year anniversary. 
f 
HONORING DANA MARSHALL- BERNSTEIN (Ms. ROSEN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am here today not only to mourn the loss of a family friend and lifelong Las Vegas resident, but to let Congress know what an amazing young woman she was. Dana Marshall-Bernstein died in De-cember at the age of 28 following a life-long battle with Crohn’s disease. She spent most of her life in and out of the hospital, but even while she was under-going countless surgeries, she never let her disease define her. She never stopped feeling optimistic about her fu-ture. She believed in kindness, and she used her experience to comfort others who were also affected by Crohn’s dis-ease. She shined in more ways than one, and I know she will continue to shine in the memory of each and every life she touched, and her memory will be a blessing to all those who knew and loved her. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.003 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H137 January 11, 2018 
I encourage all Members here today to carry with them the courage and de-termination that Dana brought into this world: to always think and live life with positivity and never ever stop be-lieving in doing good by others. 
f 
NATIONAL HUMAN TRAFFICKING AWARENESS DAY (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as a judge in Texas, I saw it all: rape, rob-bery, murder, kidnapping, child abuse. Now, in Congress, we are learning about the horrors of human traf-ficking, sex slavery. Many groundbreaking laws have been passed to increase resources for victims and crack down on traffickers and buy-ers, but like all criminal enterprises, traffickers constantly stay ahead of the law. Fortunately for victims, there is an army of individuals, NGOs, religious and other advocacy groups fighting on behalf of victims. The people serving in these organizations are New Friends New Life, RAIN, Polaris, Rights4Girls, Shared Hope, Coalition Against Traf-ficking, and Demand Abolition, just to name a few. They have all dedicated their lives to serve and save victims of trafficking on the front lines. On this National Human Trafficking Awareness Day, I want to thank all those warriors—the victims’ posse, as I call them—battling the injustice of human slavery. We will not give up this fight until this scourge has been eradicated. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
b0915 COMMEMORATING KOREAN AMERICAN DAY (Mr. GOMEZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. GOMEZ. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to commemorate Korean American Day, which celebrates the arrival of the first 102 Korean immigrants to the United States on January 13, 1903. The first Korean immigrants came in pursuit of the American Dream and ini-tially served as farmworkers, wage la-borers, and section hands. Through re-silience, effort, and sacrifice, they es-tablished the foundation for their chil-dren and future generations. Today, nearly 2 million Korean Americans have honored their ancestors’ legacy and achieved the American Dream by transforming all aspects of American life: from Roy Choi, who joined Latino and Korean culture to create new cui-sines that have won the stomachs of all Americans; to the first Korean Amer-ican elected to Congress, Jay Kim; and to the countless Korean Americans who run successful small businesses. I am honored to represent the largest Korean population in the country and to reintroduce this resolution on the 115th anniversary of the first Korean immigrant arrivals. I call upon my col-leagues to join me in acknowledging the Korean Americans who helped strengthen and shape our country. f 
RAPID DNA ACT OF 2017 Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to House Resolution 682, I call up the bill (S. 139) to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform deci-sions about pretrial release or deten-tion and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes, and ask for its imme-diate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 682, an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute con-sisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–53, shall be considered as adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
S. 139 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘FISA Amendments Reauthorization Act of 2017’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Amendments to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978. TITLE I—ENHANCEMENTS TO FOREIGN IN-TELLIGENCE COLLECTION AND SAFE-GUARDS, ACCOUNTABILITY, AND OVER-SIGHT Sec. 101. Querying procedures required. Sec. 102. Use and disclosure provisions. Sec. 103. Congressional review and oversight of abouts collection. Sec. 104. Publication of minimization proce-dures under section 702. Sec. 105. Section 705 emergency provision. Sec. 106. Compensation of amici curiae and technical experts. Sec. 107. Additional reporting requirements. Sec. 108. Improvements to Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board. Sec. 109. Privacy and civil liberties officers. Sec. 110. Whistleblower protections for contrac-tors of the intelligence commu-nity. Sec. 111. Briefing on notification requirements. Sec. 112. Inspector General report on queries conducted by Federal Bureau of Investigation. TITLE II—EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES, INCREASED PENALTIES, REPORTS, AND OTHER MATTERS Sec. 201. Extension of title VII of FISA; effec-tive dates. Sec. 202. Increased penalty for unauthorized re-moval and retention of classified documents or material. Sec. 203. Report on challenges to the effective-ness of foreign intelligence sur-veillance. Sec. 204. Comptroller General study on the clas-sification system and protection of classified information. Sec. 205. Technical amendments and amend-ments to improve procedures of the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Court of Review. Sec. 206. Severability. SEC. 2. AMENDMENTS TO THE FOREIGN INTEL-LIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, when-ever in this Act an amendment or repeal is ex-pressed in terms of an amendment to, or a repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). TITLE I—ENHANCEMENTS TO FOREIGN IN-TELLIGENCE COLLECTION AND SAFE-GUARDS, ACCOUNTABILITY, AND OVER-SIGHT 
SEC. 101. QUERYING PROCEDURES REQUIRED. 
(a) Q UERYING PROCEDURES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 702 (50 U.S.C. 1881a) is amended— (A) by redesignating subsections (f) through (l) as subsections (g) through (m), respectively; and (B) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(f) Q
UERIES .— ‘‘(1) P
ROCEDURES REQUIRED .— ‘‘(A) R
EQUIREMENT TO ADOPT .—The Attorney General, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, shall adopt querying pro-cedures consistent with the requirements of the fourth amendment to the Constitution of the United States for information collected pursuant to an authorization under subsection (a). ‘‘(B) R
ECORD OF UNITED STATES PERSON QUERY  
TERMS .—The Attorney General, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, shall ensure that the procedures adopted under sub-paragraph (A) include a technical procedure whereby a record is kept of each United States person query term used for a query. ‘‘(C) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—The procedures adopted in accordance with subparagraph (A) shall be subject to judicial review pursuant to subsection (j). ‘‘(2) A
CCESS TO RESULTS OF CERTAIN QUERIES  
CONDUCTED BY FBI .— ‘‘(A) C
OURT ORDER REQUIRED FOR FBI REVIEW  
OF CERTAIN QUERY RESULTS IN CRIMINAL INVES -
TIGATIONS UNRELATED TO NATIONAL SECURITY .— Except as provided by subparagraph (E), in con-nection with a predicated criminal investigation opened by the Federal Bureau of Investigation that does not relate to the national security of the United States, the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation may not access the contents of commu-nications acquired under subsection (a) that were retrieved pursuant to a query made using a United States person query term that was not designed to find and extract foreign intelligence information unless— ‘‘(i) the Federal Bureau of Investigation ap-plies for an order of the Court under subpara-graph (C); and ‘‘(ii) the Court enters an order under subpara-graph (D) approving such application. ‘‘(B) J
URISDICTION .—The Court shall have ju-risdiction to review an application and to enter an order approving the access described in sub-paragraph (A). ‘‘(C) A
PPLICATION .—Each application for an order under this paragraph shall be made by a Federal officer in writing upon oath or affirma-tion to a judge having jurisdiction under sub-paragraph (B). Each application shall require the approval of the Attorney General based upon the finding of the Attorney General that the application satisfies the criteria and require-ments of such application, as set forth in this paragraph, and shall include— ‘‘(i) the identity of the Federal officer making the application; and ‘‘(ii) an affidavit or other information con-taining a statement of the facts and cir-cumstances relied upon by the applicant to jus-tify the belief of the applicant that the contents 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.005 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH138 January 11, 2018 
of communications described in subparagraph (A) covered by the application would provide evidence of— ‘‘(I) criminal activity; ‘‘(II) contraband, fruits of a crime, or other items illegally possessed by a third party; or ‘‘(III) property designed for use, intended for use, or used in committing a crime. ‘‘(D) O
RDER .—Upon an application made pur-suant to subparagraph (C), the Court shall enter an order approving the accessing of the contents of communications described in sub-paragraph (A) covered by the application if the Court finds probable cause to believe that such contents would provide any of the evidence de-scribed in subparagraph (C)(ii). ‘‘(E) E
XCEPTION .—The requirement for an order of the Court under subparagraph (A) to access the contents of communications described in such subparagraph shall not apply with re-spect to a query if the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation determines there is a reasonable belief that such contents could assist in mitigating or eliminating a threat to life or serious bodily harm. ‘‘(F) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this paragraph may be construed as— ‘‘(i) limiting the authority of the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation to conduct lawful queries of information acquired under subsection (a); ‘‘(ii) limiting the authority of the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation to review, without a court order, the results of any query of information acquired under subsection (a) that was reason-ably designed to find and extract foreign intel-ligence information, regardless of whether such foreign intelligence information could also be considered evidence of a crime; or ‘‘(iii) prohibiting or otherwise limiting the ability of the Federal Bureau of Investigation to access the results of queries conducted when evaluating whether to open an assessment or predicated investigation relating to the national security of the United States. ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) The term ‘contents’ has the meaning given that term in section 2510(8) of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(B) The term ‘query’ means the use of one or more terms to retrieve the unminimized contents or noncontents located in electronic and data storage systems of communications of or con-cerning United States persons obtained through acquisitions authorized under subsection (a).’’. (2) A
PPLICATION .—Subsection (f) of section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a), as added by paragraph (1), shall apply with respect to certifications submitted under subsection (h) of such section to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court after January 1, 2018. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) A
MENDMENTS TO SECTION 702 OF FISA .— Such section 702 is further amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘with sub-section (i)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘with subsection (j)(3)’’; (B) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘with sub-section (g)’’ and inserting ‘‘with subsection (h)’’; (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘to sub-section (i)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘to subsection (j)(3)’’; and (iii) in paragraph (3)— (I) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘with subsection (g)’’ and inserting ‘‘with subsection (h)’’; and (II) in subparagraph (B)— (aa) by striking ‘‘to subsection (i)(1)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘to subsection (j)(1)(C)’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘under subsection (i)’’ and in-serting ‘‘under subsection (j)’’; (C) in subsection (d)(2), by striking ‘‘to sub-section (i)’’ and inserting ‘‘to subsection (j)’’; (D) in subsection (e)(2), by striking ‘‘to sub-section (i)’’ and inserting ‘‘to subsection (j)’’; (E) in subsection (h), as redesignated by sub-section (a)(1)— (i) in paragraph (2)(A)(iii), by striking ‘‘with subsection (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘with subsection (g)’’; (ii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘with sub-section (i)(1)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘with subsection (j)(1)(C)’’; and (iii) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘to sub-section (i)’’ and inserting ‘‘to subsection (j)’’; (F) in subsection (j), as redesignated by sub-section (a)(1)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘tar-geting and minimization procedures adopted in accordance with subsections (d) and (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘targeting, minimization, and querying procedures adopted in accordance with subsections (d), (e), and (f)(1)’’; (II) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘tar-geting and minimization procedures adopted in accordance with subsections (d) and (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘targeting, minimization, and querying procedures adopted in accordance with subsections (d), (e), and (f)(1)’’; and (III) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘tar-geting and minimization procedures adopted in accordance with subsections (d) and (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘targeting, minimization, and querying procedures adopted in accordance with subsections (d), (e), and (f)(1)’’; (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘with subsection (g)’’ and inserting ‘‘with subsection (h)’’; and (II) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) QUERYING PROCEDURES .—The querying procedures adopted in accordance with sub-section (f)(1) to assess whether such procedures comply with the requirements of such sub-section.’’; (iii) in paragraph (3)— (I) in subparagraph (A)— (aa) by striking ‘‘with subsection (g)’’ and in-serting ‘‘with subsection (h)’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘targeting and minimization procedures adopted in accordance with sub-sections (d) and (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘targeting, minimization, and querying procedures adopted in accordance with subsections (d), (e), and (f)(1)’’; and (II) in subparagraph (B), in the matter before clause (i)— (aa) by striking ‘‘with subsection (g)’’ and in-serting ‘‘with subsection (h)’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘with subsections (d) and (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘with subsections (d), (e), and (f)(1)’’; and (iv) in paragraph (5)(A)— (I) by striking ‘‘with subsection (g)’’ and in-serting ‘‘with subsection (h)’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘with subsections (d) and (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘with subsections (d), (e), and (f)(1)’’; and (G) in subsection (m), as redesignated by sub-section (a)(1)— (i) in paragraph (1), in the matter before sub-paragraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘targeting and minimization procedures adopted in accordance with sub-sections (d) and (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘targeting, minimization, and querying procedures adopted in accordance with subsections (d), (e), and (f)(1)’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘with subsection (f)’’ and in-serting ‘‘with subsection (g)’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2)(A)— (I) by striking ‘‘targeting and minimization procedures adopted in accordance with sub-sections (d) and (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘targeting, minimization, and querying procedures adopted in accordance with subsections (d), (e), and (f)(1)’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘with subsection (f)’’ and in-serting ‘‘with subsection (g)’’. (2) A
MENDMENTS TO FISA .—The Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.) is further amended— (A) by striking ‘‘section 702(h)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 702(i)’’; (B) by striking ‘‘section 702(g)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 702(h)’’; and (C) in section 707(b)(1)(G)(ii), by striking ‘‘subsections (d), (e), and (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (d), (e), (f)(1), and (g)’’. (3) AMENDMENTS TO FISA AMENDMENTS ACT OF  
2008.—Section 404 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 Amendments Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–261; 50 U.S.C. 1801 note) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(7)(B)— (i) by striking ‘‘under section 702(i)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 702(j)(3)’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘of section 702(i)(4)’’ and in-serting ‘‘of section 702(j)(4)’’; (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (3)— (I) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘to sec-tion 702(h)’’ and inserting ‘‘to section 702(i)’’; and (II) in subparagraph (B)— (aa) by striking ‘‘section 702(h)(3) of’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 702(i)(3) of’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘to section 702(h)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘to section 702(i)’’; and (ii) in paragraph (4)— (I) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and sec-tions 702(l)’’ and inserting ‘‘and sections 702(m)’’; and (II) in subparagraph (B)(iv), by striking ‘‘or section 702(l)’’ and inserting ‘‘or section 702(m)’’. 
SEC. 102. USE AND DISCLOSURE PROVISIONS. 
(a) E NDUSERESTRICTION .—Section 706(a) (50 U.S.C. 1881e(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Information acquired’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Information acquired’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) U
NITED STATES PERSONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any information con-cerning a United States person acquired under section 702 shall not be used in evidence against that United States person pursuant to para-graph (1) in any criminal proceeding unless— ‘‘(i) the Federal Bureau of Investigation ob-tained an order of the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Court to access such information pur-suant to section 702(f)(2); or ‘‘(ii) the Attorney General determines that— ‘‘(I) the criminal proceeding affects, involves, or is related to the national security of the United States; or ‘‘(II) the criminal proceeding involves— ‘‘(aa) death; ‘‘(bb) kidnapping; ‘‘(cc) serious bodily injury, as defined in sec-tion 1365 of title 18, United States Code; ‘‘(dd) conduct that constitutes a criminal of-fense that is a specified offense against a minor, as defined in section 111 of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (34 U.S.C. 20911); ‘‘(ee) incapacitation or destruction of critical infrastructure, as defined in section 1016(e) of the USA PATRIOT Act (42 U.S.C. 5195c(e)); ‘‘(ff) cybersecurity, including conduct de-scribed in section 1016(e) of the USA PATRIOT Act (42 U.S.C. 5195c(e)) or section 1029, 1030, or 2511 of title 18, United States Code; ‘‘(gg) transnational crime, including transnational narcotics trafficking and transnational organized crime; or ‘‘(hh) human trafficking. ‘‘(B) N
O JUDICIAL REVIEW .—A determination by the Attorney General under subparagraph (A)(ii) is not subject to judicial review.’’. (b) I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY DISCLOSURE  P
ROVISION .—Section 603 (50 U.S.C. 1873) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘good faith estimate of the number of targets of such or-ders;’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘good faith estimate of— ‘‘(A) the number of targets of such orders; ‘‘(B) the number of targets of such orders who are known to not be United States persons; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.002 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H139 January 11, 2018 
‘‘(C) the number of targets of such orders who are known to be United States persons;’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, including pursuant to subsection (f)(2) of such section,’’ after ‘‘section 702’’; (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respectively; (iii) by inserting before subparagraph (B), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(A) the number of targets of such orders;’’; (iv) in subparagraph (B), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) the number of instances in which the Federal Bureau of Investigation opened, under the Criminal Investigative Division or any suc-cessor division, an investigation of a United States person (who is not considered a threat to national security) based wholly or in part on an acquisition authorized under such section;’’; (C) in paragraph (3)(A), by striking ‘‘orders; and’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘orders, in-cluding— ‘‘(i) the number of targets of such orders who are known to not be United States persons; and ‘‘(ii) the number of targets of such orders who are known to be United States persons; and’’; (D) by redesignating paragraphs (4), (5), and (6) as paragraphs (5), (6), and (7), respectively; and (E) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) the number of criminal proceedings in which the United States or a State or political subdivision thereof provided notice pursuant to subsection (c) or (d) of section 106 (including with respect to information acquired from an ac-quisition conducted under section 702) or sub-section (d) or (e) of section 305 of the intent of the government to enter into evidence or other-wise use or disclose any information obtained or derived from electronic surveillance, physical search, or an acquisition conducted pursuant to this Act;’’; and (2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘(4), or (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(5), or (6)’’; (B) in paragraph (2)(A)— (i) by striking ‘‘Paragraphs (2)(A), (2)(B), and (5)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘Paragraphs (2)(B), (2)(C), and (6)(C)’’; and (ii) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, except with respect to informa-tion required under paragraph (2) relating to or-ders issued under section 702(f)(2)’’; and (C) in paragraph (3)(A), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(2)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(2)(C)’’. 
SEC. 103. CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW AND OVER-SIGHT OF ABOUTS COLLECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 702(b) (50 U.S.C. 1881a(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (6); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) may not intentionally acquire commu-nications that contain a reference to, but are not to or from, a target of an acquisition au-thorized under subsection (a), except as pro-vided under section 103(b) of the FISA Amend-ments Reauthorization Act of 2017; and’’. (b) C
ONGRESSIONAL REVIEW AND OVERSIGHT OF  A
BOUTS COLLECTION .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) The term ‘‘abouts communication’’ means a communication that contains a reference to, but is not to or from, a target of an acquisition authorized under section 702(a) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a(a)). (B) The term ‘‘material breach’’ means signifi-cant noncompliance with applicable law or an order of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court concerning any acquisition of abouts com-munications. (2) SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS .— (A) R
EQUIREMENT .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, and except as provided in paragraph (4), if the Attorney General and the Director of National Intelligence intend to implement the authorization of the intentional acquisition of abouts communications, before the first such implementation after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General and the Director of National Intelligence shall sub-mit to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives a written notice of the intent to implement the authorization of such an acquisition, and any supporting mate-rials in accordance with this subsection. (B) C
ONGRESSIONAL REVIEW PERIOD .—During the 30-day period beginning on the date written notice is submitted under subparagraph (A), the Committee on the Judiciary and the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives shall, as appropriate, hold hearings and briefings and otherwise obtain in-formation in order to fully review the written notice. (C) L
IMITATION ON ACTION DURING CONGRES -
SIONAL REVIEW PERIOD .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, and subject to paragraph (4), unless the Attorney General and the Direc-tor of National Intelligence make a determina-tion pursuant to section 702(c)(2) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a(c)(2)), the Attorney General and the Di-rector of National Intelligence may not imple-ment the authorization of the intentional acqui-sition of abouts communications before the end of the period described in subparagraph (B). (3) W
RITTEN NOTICE .—Written notice under paragraph (2)(A) shall include the following: (A) A copy of any certification submitted to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court pur-suant to section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a), or amendment thereto, authorizing the intentional acquisition of abouts communications, including all affidavits, procedures, exhibits, and attach-ments submitted therewith. (B) The decision, order, or opinion of the For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Court approving such certification, and any pleadings, applica-tions, or memoranda of law associated with such decision, order, or opinion. (C) A summary of the protections in place to detect any material breach. (D) Data or other results of modeling, simula-tion, or auditing of sample data demonstrating that any acquisition method involving the in-tentional acquisition of abouts communications shall be conducted in accordance with title VII of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881 et seq.), if such data or other results exist at the time the written notice is submitted and were provided to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. (E) Except as provided under paragraph (4), a statement that no acquisition authorized under subsection (a) of such section 702 shall include the intentional acquisition of an abouts commu-nication until after the end of the 30-day period described in paragraph (2)(B). (4) E
XCEPTION FOR EMERGENCY ACQUISITION .— (A) N
OTICE OF DETERMINATION .—If the Attor-ney General and the Director of National Intel-ligence make a determination pursuant to sec-tion 702(c)(2) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a(c)(2)) with re-spect to the intentional acquisition of abouts communications, the Attorney General and the Director of National Intelligence shall notify the Committee on the Judiciary and the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives as soon as practicable, but not later than 7 days after the determination is made. (B) IMPLEMENTATION OR CONTINUATION .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—If the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court approves a certification that authorizes the intentional acquisition of abouts communications before the end of the 30-day pe-riod described in paragraph (2)(B), the Attorney General and the Director of National Intel-ligence may authorize the immediate implemen-tation or continuation of that certification if the Attorney General and the Director of National Intelligence jointly determine that exigent cir-cumstances exist such that without such imme-diate implementation or continuation intel-ligence important to the national security of the United States may be lost or not timely ac-quired. (ii) N
OTICE .—The Attorney General and the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives notification of a determination pursuant to clause (i) as soon as practicable, but not later than 3 days after the determina-tion is made. (5) R
EPORTING OF MATERIAL BREACH .—Sub- section (m) of section 702 (50 U.S.C. 1881a), as redesignated by section 101, is amended— (A) in the heading by striking ‘‘
ANDREVIEWS ’’ and inserting ‘‘R
EVIEWS , ANDREPORTING ’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) R
EPORTING OF MATERIAL BREACH .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The head of each element of the intelligence community involved in the acquisition of abouts communications shall fully and currently inform the Committees on the Ju-diciary of the House of Representatives and the Senate and the congressional intelligence com-mittees of a material breach. ‘‘(B) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: ‘‘(i) The term ‘abouts communication’ means a communication that contains a reference to, but is not to or from, a target of an acquisition au-thorized under subsection (a). ‘‘(ii) The term ‘material breach’ means signifi-cant noncompliance with applicable law or an order of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court concerning any acquisition of abouts com-munications.’’. (6) A
PPOINTMENT OF AMICI CURIAE BY FOREIGN  
INTELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE COURT .—For pur- poses of section 103(i)(2)(A) of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1803(i)(2)(A)), the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Court shall treat the first certification under section 702(h) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1881a(h)) or amendment thereto that authorizes the acquisition of abouts communications as presenting a novel or significant interpretation of the law, unless the court determines other-wise. 
SEC. 104. PUBLICATION OF MINIMIZATION PRO-CEDURES UNDER SECTION 702. 
Section 702(e) (50 U.S.C. 1881a(e)) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(3) P
UBLICATION .—The Director of National Intelligence, in consultation with the Attorney General, shall— ‘‘(A) conduct a declassification review of any minimization procedures adopted or amended in accordance with paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) consistent with such review, and not later than 180 days after conducting such re-view, make such minimization procedures pub-licly available to the greatest extent practicable, which may be in redacted form.’’. 
SEC. 105. SECTION 705 EMERGENCY PROVISION. 
Section 705 (50 U.S.C. 1881d) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) E
MERGENCY AUTHORIZATION .— ‘‘(1) C
ONCURRENT AUTHORIZATION .—If the At- torney General authorized the emergency em-ployment of electronic surveillance or a physical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.002 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH140 January 11, 2018 
search pursuant to section 105 or 304, the Attor-ney General may authorize, for the effective pe-riod of the emergency authorization and subse-quent order pursuant to section 105 or 304, with-out a separate order under section 703 or 704, the targeting of a United States person subject to such emergency employment for the purpose of acquiring foreign intelligence information while such United States person is reasonably believed to be located outside the United States. ‘‘(2) U
SE OF INFORMATION .—If an application submitted to the Court pursuant to section 104 or 303 is denied, or in any other case in which the acquisition pursuant to paragraph (1) is ter-minated and no order with respect to the target of the acquisition is issued under section 105 or 304, all information obtained or evidence derived from such acquisition shall be handled in ac-cordance with section 704(d)(4).’’. 
SEC. 106. COMPENSATION OF AMICI CURIAE AND TECHNICAL EXPERTS. 
Subsection (i) of section 103 (50 U.S.C. 1803) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(11) C
OMPENSATION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, a court established under subsection (a) or (b) may compensate an amicus curiae appointed under paragraph (2) for assist-ance provided under such paragraph as the court considers appropriate and at such rate as the court considers appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 107. ADDITIONAL REPORTING REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) E LECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE .—Section 107 (50 U.S.C. 1807) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 107. REPORT OF ELECTRONIC SURVEIL-LANCE. 
‘‘(a) A NNUAL REPORT .—In April of each year, the Attorney General shall transmit to the Ad-ministrative Office of the United States Courts and to the congressional intelligence committees and the Committees on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Senate a re-port setting forth with respect to the preceding calendar year— ‘‘(1) the total number of applications made for orders and extensions of orders approving elec-tronic surveillance under this title; ‘‘(2) the total number of such orders and ex-tensions either granted, modified, or denied; and ‘‘(3) the total number of subjects targeted by electronic surveillance conducted under an order or emergency authorization under this title, rounded to the nearest 500, including the number of such individuals who are United States persons, reported to the nearest band of 500, starting with 0–499. ‘‘(b) F
ORM.—Each report under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, to the extent consistent with national security. Not later than 7 days after the date on which the Attorney General submits each such report, the Attorney General shall make the report publicly available, or, if the Attorney General determines that the report cannot be made publicly avail-able consistent with national security, the At-torney General may make publicly available an unclassified summary of the report or a redacted version of the report.’’. (b) P
ENREGISTERS AND TRAP AND TRACE DE-
VICES .—Section 406 (50 U.S.C. 1846) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) a good faith estimate of the total number of subjects who were targeted by the installation and use of a pen register or trap and trace de-vice under an order or emergency authorization issued under this title, rounded to the nearest 500, including— ‘‘(A) the number of such subjects who are United States persons, reported to the nearest band of 500, starting with 0–499; and ‘‘(B) of the number of United States persons described in subparagraph (A), the number of persons whose information acquired pursuant to such order was reviewed or accessed by a Fed-eral officer, employee, or agent, reported to the nearest band of 500, starting with 0–499.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) Each report under subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassified form, to the extent consistent with national security. Not later than 7 days after the date on which the Attorney General submits such a report, the Attorney General shall make the report publicly avail-able, or, if the Attorney General determines that the report cannot be made publicly available consistent with national security, the Attorney General may make publicly available an unclas-sified summary of the report or a redacted version of the report.’’. SEC. 108. IMPROVEMENTS TO PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD. 
(a) A PPOINTMENT OF STAFF.—Subsection (j) of section 1061 of the Intelligence Reform and Ter-rorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee(j)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENT IN ABSENCE OF CHAIRMAN .— If the position of chairman of the Board is va-cant, during the period of the vacancy, the Board, at the direction of the unanimous vote of the serving members of the Board, may exercise the authority of the chairman under paragraph (1).’’. (b) M
EETINGS .—Subsection (f) of such section (42 U.S.C. 2000ee(f)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Board shall’’ and insert-ing ‘‘The Board’’; (2) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘make its’’ and inserting ‘‘shall make its’’; and (3) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘hold public’’ and inserting ‘‘shall hold public’’; and (B) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, but may, notwithstanding sec-tion 552b of title 5, United States Code, meet or otherwise communicate in any number to confer or deliberate in a manner that is closed to the public’’. 
SEC. 109. PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OFFI-CERS. 
Section 1062(a) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee–1(a)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, the Di-rector of the National Security Agency, the Di-rector of the Federal Bureau of Investigation’’ after ‘‘the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency’’. 
SEC. 110. WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTIONS FOR CONTRACTORS OF THE INTEL-LIGENCE COMMUNITY. 
(a) P ROHIBITED PERSONNEL PRACTICES IN THE  I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .—Section 1104 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3234) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘or a con-tractor employee’’ after ‘‘character)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) C
ONTRACTOR EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘con-tractor employee’ means an employee of a con-tractor, subcontractor, grantee, subgrantee, or personal services contractor, of a covered intel-ligence community element.’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; (3) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection (c): ‘‘(c) C
ONTRACTOR EMPLOYEES .—(1) Any em-ployee of a contractor, subcontractor, grantee, subgrantee, or personal services contractor, of a covered intelligence community element who has authority to take, direct others to take, rec-ommend, or approve any personnel action, shall not, with respect to such authority, take or fail to take a personnel action with respect to any contractor employee as a reprisal for a lawful disclosure of information by the contractor em-ployee to the Director of National Intelligence (or an employee designated by the Director of National Intelligence for such purpose), the In-spector General of the Intelligence Community, the head of the contracting agency (or an em-ployee designated by the head of that agency for such purpose), the appropriate inspector general of the contracting agency, a congres-sional intelligence committee, or a member of a congressional intelligence committee, which the contractor employee reasonably believes evi-dences— ‘‘(A) a violation of any Federal law, rule, or regulation (including with respect to evidence of another employee or contractor employee access-ing or sharing classified information without authorization); or ‘‘(B) gross mismanagement, a gross waste of funds, an abuse of authority, or a substantial and specific danger to public health or safety. ‘‘(2) A personnel action under paragraph (1) is prohibited even if the action is undertaken at the request of an agency official, unless the re-quest takes the form of a nondiscretionary direc-tive and is within the authority of the agency official making the request.’’; (4) in subsection (b), by striking the heading and inserting ‘‘AGENCY EMPLOYEES .—’’; and (5) in subsection (e), as redesignated by para-graph (2), by inserting ‘‘contractor employee,’’ after ‘‘any employee,’’. (b) F
EDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Any employee of a con-tractor, subcontractor, grantee, subgrantee, or personal services contractor, of the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation who has authority to take, direct others to take, recommend, or approve any personnel action, shall not, with respect to such authority, take or fail to take a personnel action with respect to a contractor employee as a reprisal for a disclosure of information— (A) made— (i) to a supervisor in the direct chain of com-mand of the contractor employee; (ii) to the Inspector General; (iii) to the Office of Professional Responsi-bility of the Department of Justice; (iv) to the Office of Professional Responsi-bility of the Federal Bureau of Investigation; (v) to the Inspection Division of the Federal Bureau of Investigation; (vi) to the Office of Special Counsel; or (vii) to an employee designated by any officer, employee, office, or division described in clauses (i) through (vii) for the purpose of receiving such disclosures; and (B) which the contractor employee reasonably believes evidences— (i) any violation of any law, rule, or regula-tion (including with respect to evidence of an-other employee or contractor employee accessing or sharing classified information without au-thorization); or (ii) gross mismanagement, a gross waste of funds, an abuse of authority, or a substantial and specific danger to public health or safety. (2) A
CTIONS BY REQUEST .—A personnel action under paragraph (1) is prohibited even if the ac-tion is undertaken at the request of an official of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, unless the request takes the form of a nondiscretionary directive and is within the authority of the offi-cial making the request. (3) R
EGULATIONS .—The Attorney General shall prescribe regulations to ensure that a per-sonnel action described in paragraph (1) shall not be taken against a contractor employee of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as a re-prisal for any disclosure of information de-scribed in subparagraph (A) of such paragraph. (4) E
NFORCEMENT .—The President shall pro-vide for the enforcement of this subsection. (5) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.002 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H141 January 11, 2018 
(A) The term ‘‘contractor employee’’ means an employee of a contractor, subcontractor, grant-ee, subgrantee, or personal services contractor, of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. (B) The term ‘‘personnel action’’ means any action described in clauses (i) through (x) of sec-tion 2302(a)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code, with respect to a contractor employee. (c) R
ETALIATORY REVOCATION OF SECURITY  C
LEARANCES AND ACCESS DETERMINATIONS .— Section 3001(j) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 3341(j)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(8) I
NCLUSION OF CONTRACTOR EMPLOYEES .— In this subsection, the term ‘employee’ includes an employee of a contractor, subcontractor, grantee, subgrantee, or personal services con-tractor, of an agency. With respect to such em-ployees, the term ‘employing agency’ shall be deemed to be the contracting agency.’’. 
SEC. 111. BRIEFING ON NOTIFICATION REQUIRE-MENTS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General, in consultation with the Director of National Intel-ligence, shall provide to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Senate a briefing with respect to how the Department of Justice interprets the requirements under sec-tions 106(c), 305(d), and 405(c) of the Foreign In-telligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1806(c), 1825(d), and 1845(c)) to notify an ag-grieved person under such sections of the use of information obtained or derived from electronic surveillance, physical search, or the use of a pen register or trap and trace device. The brief-ing shall focus on how the Department inter-prets the phrase ‘‘obtained or derived from’’ in such sections. 
SEC. 112. INSPECTOR GENERAL REPORT ON QUE-RIES CONDUCTED BY FEDERAL BU-REAU OF INVESTIGATION. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Court first approves the querying proce-dures adopted pursuant to section 702(f) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a(f)), as added by section 101, the In-spector General of the Department of Justice shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives a report con-taining a review by the Inspector General of the interpretation of, and compliance with, such procedures by the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion. (b) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The report under subsection (a) shall include, at a minimum, an assessment of the following: (1) The interpretations by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the National Security Divi-sion of the Department of Justice, respectively, relating to the querying procedures adopted under subsection (f) of section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a(f)), as added by section 101. (2) The handling by the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation of individuals whose citizenship sta-tus is unknown at the time of a query conducted under such section 702. (3) The practice of the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation with respect to retaining records of queries conducted under such section 702 for au-diting purposes. (4) The training or other processes of the Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation to ensure compli-ance with such querying procedures. (5) The implementation of such querying pro-cedures with respect to queries conducted when evaluating whether to open an assessment or predicated investigation relating to the national security of the United States. (6) The scope of access by the criminal divi-sion of the Federal Bureau of Investigation to information obtained pursuant to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), including with respect to informa-tion acquired under subsection (a) of such sec-tion 702 based on queries conducted by the criminal division. (7) The frequency and nature of the reviews conducted by the National Security Division of the Department of Justice and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence relating to the compliance by the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion with such querying procedures. (8) Any impediments, including operational, technical, or policy impediments, for the Federal Bureau of Investigation to count— (A) the total number of queries where the Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation subsequently accessed information acquired under subsection (a) of such section 702; (B) the total number of such queries that used known United States person identifiers; and (C) the total number of queries for which the Federal Bureau of Investigation received an order of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court pursuant to subsection (f)(2) of such sec-tion 702. (c) FORM.—The report under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form to the ex-tent consistent with national security, but may include a classified annex. TITLE II—EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES, INCREASED PENALTIES, REPORTS, AND OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 201. EXTENSION OF TITLE VII OF FISA; EF-FECTIVE DATES. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 403(b) of the FISA Amendments Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–261; 122 Stat. 2474) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and in-serting ‘‘December 31, 2023’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and by the FISA Amend-ments Reauthorization Act of 2017’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 101(a)’’; and (2) in paragraph (2) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2023’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 404(b) of the FISA Amendments Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–261; 122 Stat. 2476), as amended by sec-tion 101, is further amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘D
ECEMBER 31 , 
2017’’ and inserting ‘‘D ECEMBER 31 , 2023’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and by the FISA Amend-ments Reauthorization Act of 2017’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 101(a)’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘and by the FISA Amendments Reauthorization Act of 2017’’ after ‘‘section 101(a)’’; and (3) in paragraph (4)— (A) by inserting ‘‘and amended by the FISA Amendments Reauthorization Act of 2017’’ after ‘‘as added by section 101(a)’’ both places it ap-pears; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and by the FISA Amend-ments Reauthorization Act of 2017’’ after ‘‘as amended by section 101(a)’’ both places it ap-pears. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF AMENDMENTS TO  FAA.—The amendments made to the FISA Amendments Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–261) by this section shall take effect on December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 202. INCREASED PENALTY FOR UNAUTHOR-IZED REMOVAL AND RETENTION OF CLASSIFIED DOCUMENTS OR MATE-RIAL. 
Section 1924(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘one year’’ and inserting ‘‘five years’’. 
SEC. 203. REPORT ON CHALLENGES TO THE EF-FECTIVENESS OF FOREIGN INTEL-LIGENCE SURVEILLANCE. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary and the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Committee on the Judi-ciary and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate a report on current and future challenges to the effectiveness of the foreign in-telligence surveillance activities of the United States authorized under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). (b) MATTERS INCLUDED .—The report under subsection (a) shall include, at a minimum, the following: (1) A discussion of any trends that currently challenge the effectiveness of the foreign intel-ligence surveillance activities of the United States, or could foreseeably challenge such ac-tivities during the decade following the date of the report, including with respect to— (A) the extraordinary and surging volume of data occurring worldwide; (B) the use of encryption; (C) changes to worldwide telecommunications patterns or infrastructure; (D) technical obstacles in determining the lo-cation of data or persons; (E) the increasing complexity of the legal re-gime, including regarding requests for data in the custody of foreign governments; (F) the current and future ability of the United States to obtain, on a compulsory or vol-untary basis, assistance from telecommuni-cations providers or other entities; and (G) any other matters the Attorney General and the Director of National Intelligence deter-mine appropriate. (2) Recommendations for changes, including, as appropriate, fundamental changes, to the foreign intelligence surveillance activities of the United States to address the challenges identi-fied under paragraph (1) and to ensure the long-term effectiveness of such activities. (3) Recommendations for any changes to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.) that the Attorney General and the Director of National Intelligence deter-mine necessary to address the challenges identi-fied under paragraph (1). (c) F
ORM.—The report under subsection (a) may be submitted in classified or unclassified form. 
SEC. 204. COMPTROLLER GENERAL STUDY ON THE CLASSIFICATION SYSTEM AND PROTECTION OF CLASSIFIED INFOR-MATION. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study of the clas-sification system of the United States and the methods by which the intelligence community (as defined in section 3(4) of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4))) protects clas-sified information. (b) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The study under subsection (a) shall address the following: (1) Whether sensitive information is properly classified. (2) The effect of modern technology on the storage and protection of classified information, including with respect to— (A) using cloud storage for classified informa-tion; and (B) any technological means to prevent or de-tect unauthorized access to such information. (3) Any ways to improve the classification sys-tem of the United States, including with respect to changing the levels of classification used in such system and to reduce overclassification. (4) How to improve the authorized sharing of classified information, including with respect to sensitive compartmented information. (5) The value of polygraph tests in deter-mining who is authorized to access classified in-formation and in investigating unauthorized disclosures of classified information. (6) Whether each element of the intelligence community— (A) applies uniform standards in determining who is authorized to access classified informa-tion; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.002 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH142 January 11, 2018 
(B) provides proper training with respect to the handling of classified information and the avoidance of overclassification. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the House of Represent-atives and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate a report containing the study under sub-section (a). (d) F
ORM.—The report under subsection (c) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 205. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS AND AMEND-MENTS TO IMPROVE PROCEDURES OF THE FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE COURT OF REVIEW. 
(a) T ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.) is amended as follows: (1) In section 103(b) (50 U.S.C. 1803(b)), by striking ‘‘designate as the’’ and inserting ‘‘des-ignated as the’’. (2) In section 302(a)(1)(A)(iii) (50 U.S.C. 1822(a)(1)(A)(iii)), by striking ‘‘paragraphs (1) through (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (A) through (D)’’. (3) In section 406(b) (50 U.S.C. 1846(b)), by striking ‘‘and to the Committees on the Judici-ary of the House of Representatives and the Senate’’. (4) In section 604(a) (50 U.S.C. 1874(a))— (A) in paragraph (1)(D), by striking ‘‘con-tents’’ and inserting ‘‘contents,’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘comply in the into’’ and inserting ‘‘comply into’’. (5) In section 701 (50 U.S.C. 1881)— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘The terms’’ and inserting ‘‘In this title, the terms’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) by inserting ‘‘In this title:’’ after the sub-section heading; and (ii) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(4))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’. (6) In section 702(h)(2)(A)(i) (50 U.S.C. 1881a(h)(2)(A)(i)), as redesignated by section 101, by inserting ‘‘targeting’’ before ‘‘procedures in place’’. (7) In section 801(7) (50 U.S.C. 1885(7)), by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(4))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’. (b) C
OURT -RELATED AMENDMENTS .—The For- eign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.) is further amended as fol-lows: (1) In section 103 (50 U.S.C. 1803)— (A) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘imme-diately’’; and (B) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘the court established under subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘a court established under this section’’. (2) In section 105(d) (50 U.S.C. 1805(d)), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) A denial of the application made under section 104 may be reviewed as provided in sec-tion 103.’’. (3) In section 302(d) (50 U.S.C. 1822(d)), by striking ‘‘immediately’’. (4) In section 402(d) (50 U.S.C. 1842(d)), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) A denial of the application made under this subsection may be reviewed as provided in section 103.’’. (5) In section 403(c) (50 U.S.C. 1843(c)), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) A denial of the application made under subsection (a)(2) may be reviewed as provided in section 103.’’. (6) In section 501(c) (50 U.S.C. 1861(c)), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) A denial of the application made under this subsection may be reviewed as provided in section 103.’’. 
SEC. 206. SEVERABILITY. 
If any provision of this Act, any amendment made by this Act, or the application thereof to any person or circumstances is held invalid, the validity of the remainder of the Act, of any such amendments, and of the application of such pro-visions to other persons and circumstances shall not be affected thereby. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, as amended, shall be debatable for 1 hour, with 40 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, and 20 minutes equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minor-ity member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After 1 hour of debate on the bill, as amended, it shall be in order to con-sider the further amendment printed in House Report 115–504, if offered by the Member designated in the report, which shall be considered read, shall be separately debatable for the time spec-ified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, and shall not be subject to a demand for a division of the question. The gentleman from Utah (Mr. S
TEW-
ART) and the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. S
CHIFF ) each will control 20 minutes. The gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. M
ARINO ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah (Mr. S
TEWART ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material on the bill, S. 139. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 139. On January 19, the FISA Amend-ments Act of 2008 will expire. This vital legislation includes section 702, which permits the government to target for-eign citizens located overseas to obtain foreign intelligence information. Sec-tion 702 is one of the most, if not the most, critical national security tool used by our intelligence community to obtain intelligence on foreign terror-ists located overseas. Now, some claim section 702 vacuums bulk information without due regard to the intended target. This assertion is simply false. Section 702 is a targeted program, with roughly 106,000 foreign targets worldwide. Given that the worldwide population is about 7.5 bil-lion, this program can hardly be de-scribed as bulk collection. Section 702 targets spies, terrorists, weapons proliferators, and other for-eign adversaries who threaten the United States, and locating them is crucial to protecting our troops and our homeland. As an example, Hajji Iman, who was the second-in-command of ISIS, was lo-cated via section 702 and later removed from the battlefield. While the vast majority of examples remain classified, this is just one instance that dem-onstrates the necessity of this author-ity. Subject to multiple layers of over-sight by all three branches of govern-ment, section 702 is one of the govern-ment’s most rigorously overseen for-eign intelligence collection authori-ties. To date, while compliance inci-dents occur and are dealt with appro-priately, there has never been a known, intentional abuse of this authority. Nevertheless, the program should be subject to regular adjustments, as nec-essary, to ensure the effectiveness of privacy protections. Therefore, after careful consideration of the best way to strengthen privacy protections without hindering the pro-gram’s effectiveness, the committee supports S. 139, a bipartisan bill that includes provisions and addresses con-cerns raised by the House Judiciary Committee and the Senate. The bill’s reforms include: Requiring specific section 702 query procedures, separate from existing minimization procedures, which must be reviewed by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court every year; Limiting the instances in which the government can use section 702 infor-mation to prosecute U.S. people; Requiring the inspector general of the Department of Justice to conduct a review of the FBI’s interpretation and implementation of the FBI’s section 702 query procedures; Temporarily codifying the end of the NSA’s section 702 upstream ‘‘abouts’’ collection until the government devel-ops new procedures and briefs the con-gressional Intelligence and Judiciary Committees; And, finally, improving transparency by mandating the publication of sec-tion 702 minimization procedures and requiring additional reporting to Con-gress on how the intelligence commu-nity is using other FISA authorities. Mr. Speaker, during discussions over the past several months, both the House and the Senate have made sev-eral concessions to achieve this com-promised language in order to reau-thorize this critical national security authority. Accordingly, S. 139 now in-cludes a probable cause-based order re-quirement for the FBI to access the content of a section 702 communication during FBI criminal investigations on Americans, unrelated to national secu-rity. This order requirement does not re-flect the committee’s belief or intent that law enforcement access to law-fully acquired information constitutes a separate search under the Fourth Amendment. The Fourth Amendment, as interpreted by numerous Federal courts, does not require the FBI to ob-tain a separate order from the FISC to review lawfully acquired 702 informa-tion. Though not required by the Constitu-tion, this compromise is meant to pro-vide additional protections for U.S. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.002 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H143 January 11, 2018 
person information that is incidentally collected under section 702. Along with the restrictions on the use of section 702 information in criminal prosecu-tions, this should provide further as-surances to the American public that this vital national security tool is used strictly to discover and mitigate for-eign threats to the United States, and the handling and use of any incidental U.S. person information is carefully controlled and monitored. Mr. Speaker, America faces an array of international threats more com-plicated than anything we have en-dured in the past. b0930 Speaking for the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, I can-not emphasize enough that now is not the time to draw back on key national security authorities. I am dismayed by the amount of disinformation being propagated by those who oppose section 702 for purely ideological reasons. When Congress must reauthorize this program again in 2023, we hope those who debate these issues, both inside and outside this Chamber, do so with intellectual hon-esty and integrity. The USA RIGHTS Act, which has been offered as an amendment in the nature of a substitute, is an attempt to kill this compromise. In its place, the amendment would begin resurrecting the information-sharing walls between national security and law enforcement that the 9/11 Commission identified as a major factor in the failure to identify and thwart the 9/11 plot. If individuals in this body cannot learn from history, they are doomed to repeat it. There is no support for this bill in the majority of the committees of jurisdiction whose members under-stand that this amendment would render section 702 inoperable. Therefore, in order to keep the U.S. interests and troops abroad safe from harm, we must ensure that the intel-ligence community has the tools it needs to provide intelligence to our soldiers abroad. Section 702 is critical in that regard, and S. 139 provides the intelligence community with the au-thorities needed to protect the home-land while implementing key privacy enhancements. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of S. 139, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as HPSCI’s ranking member and a former member of the Judiciary Committee, I have long ad-vocated for reforms to surveillance au-thorities to balance the imperatives of national security and counterterrorism with the privacy rights and civil lib-erties of Americans. Today, the FISA Amendments Reau-thorization Act seeks to reauthorize the program while making changes to protect privacy interests. Nonetheless, and I indicated before we took up the bill, in light of the significant concerns that have been raised by members of our Caucus, and in light of the irre-sponsible and inherently contradictory messages coming out of the White House today, I would recommend that we withdraw consideration of the bill today to give us more time to address the privacy questions that have been raised as well as to get a clear state-ment from the administration about their position on the bill. Mr. Speaker, I do this reluctantly. Section 702, I think, is among the most important of all of our surveillance programs. Nonetheless, I think that the issues that have been raised will need more time to be resolved, and I think we need to get a clear statement from the administration of whether they are in support of this legislation or they are not. This morning, as my colleagues are aware, the President issued a state-ment via Twitter suggesting that this authority was used illegally by the Obama administration to surveil him. Of course, that is blatantly untrue but, nonetheless, casts an additional cloud over the debate today. In light of these circumstances, I think the better course would be for us to defer consideration, give us more time to address the issues that have been raised by the privacy community within my own Caucus, but also within the administration about its inac-curate, conflicting, and confusing statements on the morning of debate. Mr. Speaker, I reluctantly urge my colleagues to postpone consideration so that we can take up this bill when it is more ripe for consideration. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ). Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Utah. While I am not unappreciative of my colleague from California’s comments, I do think we are at a place where we do need to move forward. If we succumb to the emotions of what is going on around us and don’t stick to the facts, stick to what we are trying to get done, I think that we do that to our detriment. So I have great respect for my colleague and his opinions, but I personally be-lieve that plays into the emotions of what is going on rather than the facts of what is going on. If we can, I believe we should just continue to push for-ward. First, let me say that the FISA Amendments Reauthorization Act is a bipartisan compromise bill that pre-serves the operational flexibility of section 702 while instituting key re-forms to further protect U.S. personal privacy. One of the major issues discussed over the past year has been NSA’s ‘‘abouts communication’’ collection—a tortured title, but, nevertheless, we will stick with the phrase, ‘‘abouts communication.’’ So ‘‘abouts commu-nication’’ collection takes place in NSA’s upstream collection and, due to how the internet communications work, allows NSA to collect the com-munications that may reference a sec-tion 702 target’s email address. Despite what some of my colleagues may push in their propaganda, ‘‘abouts’’ collection does not collect names of targets, just selectors. Some of my colleagues also suggest that ‘‘abouts communication’’ is inherently in violation of the Fourth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. While the FISA court has raised con-cerns about ‘‘abouts communication’’ collections in the past, NSA has been able to conduct such collections with the approval of the FISA court. This type of collection is at issue today be-cause it was the subject to a compli-ance incident in 2016. NSA self-reported a problem to the FISA court and de-cided to cease ‘‘abouts communica-tion’’ collection until a fix could be im-plemented and demonstrated to the court. I would like to note that that type of self-reporting of compliance in-cidents is expected of the intelligence community elements and proves that oversight mechanisms are in place and that they work. Other potential legislation, including the amendments to today’s base bill, would seek to permanently end ‘‘abouts communication’’ collection. This is a shortsighted and a dangerous proposition that will limit the NSA’s ability to identify threat networks in the future. Rather than ending ‘‘abouts commu-nication’’ collection, S. 139 strikes, I believe, that right balance. If NSA wants to reestablish ‘‘abouts commu-nication’’ collection, NSA would first need to go back to court, convince the judge that it has satisfied the court’s concerns. After achieving judicial ap-proval that NSA has made the nec-essary technical changes, NSA would then brief congressional Intelligence and Judiciary Committees on how they plan to reinstitute this type of collec-tion. Barring congressional action, NSA can then start ‘‘abouts commu-nication’’ collection, 30 days after those briefings. Some of our opponents to S. 139 claim that 30 days is not enough. To the folks that claim that 30 days is not enough, there is nothing stopping Con-gress from acting after that 30-day win-dow. However, NSA should not be pe-nalized and America’s security should not be compromised and prevented from obtaining valuable foreign intel-ligence information that the FISA court has deemed consistent with the Fourth Amendment just because Con-gress can’t pass legislation in 30 days. This compromise of the bill that is on the floor today, I believe, is the right answer, and I hope my colleagues will support S. 139. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, once again, I would re-luctantly urge that we withdraw con-sideration of the bill for today. I cer-tainly have been working as hard, I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.007 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH144 January 11, 2018 
think, as anyone to try to agree to a compromise that would move forward this very important surveillance au-thority but would strike the right bal-ance between our security interests and our privacy interests, but I do think we need more time to work on this bill. And I think that it was only underscored this morning with the con-tradictory statements coming out of the administration. An issue of this magnitude and this seriousness really deserves serious and sober consideration. I think we need more time to discuss this with our Members, and I would urge my col-leagues not to bring this to a vote today to give us more time to work on it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, some of my colleagues believe that Congress should go above and beyond what is required by the Fourth Amendment and institute addi-tional safeguards on how the govern-ment handles any potential U.S. per-sonal information that may be inciden-tally collected under section 702. While the varying committees may have dif-ferent ideas as to how to strike the right balance between additional pri-vacy measures and national security, the art of the compromise brings us to the current junction. Under S. 139, if the bill conducts a U.S.-person query into its database during a criminal investigation not re-lated to national security and conducts a section 702 communication, the FBI must obtain an order from the FISA court prior to assessing the content of the communication. The committee does not believe that such an order is necessary under the Fourth Amendment, but it is adding more protections, as a matter of pol-icy, in order to address unfounded con-cerns by opponents of section 702 that the authority is being used to inves-tigate U.S. people. Proponents of the USA RIGHTS Act amendment will say that S. 139 does not go far enough in its current form and that they have crafted a great compromise that allows the intel-ligence community to do its job. Unfortunately, they are selling a poi-son pill that is extraordinarily harmful to our national security. Per the office of the Director of National Intel-ligence, under the USA RIGHTS Act amendment, the FBI would not be able to look at lawfully collected data re-lated to suspicious activities similar to that of the 9/11 hijackers. This is un-ethical to the 9/11 Commission Report, and anyone who thinks about voting for the USA RIGHTS Act amendment should pick up a copy and skim it prior to voting. Unlike the USA RIGHTS Act amend-ment, S. 139 is able to balance national security and privacy while adhering to the recommendations of the 9/11 Com-mission reporting. I echo the White House statement last night strongly opposing the USA RIGHTS Act amend-ment, and I urge all of my colleagues in the House to support S. 139. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1
1⁄2minutes to make a state-ment. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 139, the FISA Amendments Reau-thorization Act. As a former United States attorney, I know firsthand the enormous value that programs like sec-tion 702 provide in protecting our coun-try. The worst threats have been thwart-ed due to our intelligence and law en-forcement communities having tools like section 702. Chairman G
OODLATTE , along with the members of the Judici-ary Committee, worked diligently on legislation to implement meaningful reforms while ensuring the law enforce-ment and Intelligence Committee still had the necessary tools available. This bill includes many other reforms from the USA Liberty Act, enhances section 702 protections, and maintains law en-forcement abilities. Mr. Speaker, I would ask all Mem-bers to join me in voting ‘‘yes’’ on this legislation to implement real reforms, while ensuring that we still provide the tools necessary to keep American citi-zens safe. In conclusion, as a U.S. attorney, I have used this section. My office used this section. We followed the law to the letter. There were no complaints, and I want the American people to realize something: we in law enforcement, law enforcement throughout the U.S., we have to be right and on spot every sec-ond of every day. It only takes a ter-rorist a moment to get lucky and set off a bomb killing Americans. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b0945 Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in strong opposition to the FISA Amendments Reauthorization Act of 2017, which reauthorizes section 702 of FISA for 6 years without enact-ing adequate protections for our pri-vacy. Supporters of this measure want to convince us a new, incredibly narrow warrant provision actually constitutes reform. It does not. Our right to pri-vacy does not begin when the Depart-ment of Justice has a fully formed criminal case against us, nor does it begin when prosecutors enter our emails and text messages into evidence against us in court. The Constitution guarantees far more than this. Our right to privacy protects us when the government first makes its decision to search our pri-vate communications for information it might find useful. S. 139 falls well short of this basic guarantee. We, therefore, cannot—we must not—sup-port this bill. Make no mistake: S. 139 is not a com-promise. The Judiciary Committee, the technology companies, civil society, and other critical stakeholders were shut out of this conversation long ago. S. 139 does not include a meaningful warrant requirement. The rule in this bill does not apply to most searches of the section 702 database. It does not apply to a query for any information that ‘‘could mitigate a threat,’’ an ex-ception that threatens to swallow the entire rule. As a result, S. 139 allows the FBI unfettered access to this infor-mation for purely domestic nonter-rorism cases without a warrant. What does that mean in the year of Jeff Sessions and Donald Trump? It means that absolutely nothing stops the Department of Justice from troll-ing the database for evidence that you use marijuana or failed to pay your taxes or may be in the country unlaw-fully or possess a firearm that you should not have. None of these cases have anything to do with the core pur-poses of section 702, and all of them should require a warrant based on indi-vidualized suspicion and probable cause. I agree with Chairman G
OODLATTE  that section 702 should be reauthorized. I understand its importance to the in-telligence agencies. But none of us should support this bill which pretends at reform while codifying some of the worst practices of the intelligence community in domestic crimes. When we came to Congress, each of us took an oath to defend and protect the Constitution of the United States. I ask that each of my colleagues honor that oath today and that we work to-gether to defeat this bill and to bring the right set of reforms to the floor without delay. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE). Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am a former prosecutor and a former judge. I despise terrorists. We ought to go after them and get them. Section 702 was written to go after terrorists, but it is being used to go after Ameri-cans. Normally, when I was a judge, I would sign a warrant. Before the gov-ernment could go into your house, they had to have a warrant to go into the house and to seize something based on probable cause. Under FISA, as it is used against Americans—forget the terrorists—as it is used against Americans, government has already seized your house of com-munications, all of it. They look around, and sometimes—sometimes— they go back to a secret judge in a se-cret court and get a secret warrant by a FISA judge, and they come in and seize something and prosecute based on something irrelevant about terrorism. That is why this bill violates the Fourth Amendment. Get a warrant before you go into the house of communications and effects 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.009 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H145 January 11, 2018 
and papers of Americans or stay out of that house. These documents have been seized. Communications have been seized by government. They are kept forever. Keep government out. Without a war-rant, you stay out, because govern-ment, as we learned from the British, cannot be trusted. Get a warrant. Stay out of the house of communications. Vote against this bill. Let’s redraft it and protect Americans. And that is just the way it is. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
OFGREN ). Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, like the ranking member, I oppose this bill. It does not meet the standards that we should have for adhering to the Con-stitution. Now, this is a confusing debate in some ways because what is it we are talking about? We are all against terrorism, and we have authorized the collection of data of terrorists communicating with each other. In section 702, if they commu-nicate with somebody here, we can col-lect that, too. But because of the architecture of the internet, we are collecting vast amounts—we can’t go into the numbers here in open session—vast amounts of data. It is not metadata; it is content. It is the content of your phone calls, content of your emails, and the con-tent of your text messages and video messages. Under section 702, you can search that for Americans for crimes that have nothing to do with terrorism. We should change that. As Judge P
OEhas said, you need a warrant to go after Americans for a nonterrorism crime. There is a reason why a left-right coalition—the NAACP and FreedomWorks, Color of Change and Gun Owners of America—has joined together on the same point of view. We should stand up for the pri-vacy rights of Americans and reject this bill and have a warrant require-ment for searching for the information of Americans that is in this vast data-base. Just one further point: The very weak predicate criminal investigation trigger for a warrant which is at the end of the investigation would apply only to the FBI. So if you are the ATF, you would never have to get a warrant. If you were the DEA, you would never have to get a warrant. This bill is inad-equate, and it ought to be defeated. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to control the time of the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
ARINO ). The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, as you all know, the Ju-diciary Committee worked diligently for a year on legislation that does two things: one, protect Americans’ civil liberties by requiring a court order to access section 702 data during domestic criminal investigations; and, two, reau-thorize the 702 program, which is our Nation’s most indispensable national security tool. We achieved that by passing the USA Liberty Act in the House Judiciary Committee last year by an over-whelming bipartisan vote, which is no easy task; however, we were able to re-sponsibly balance civil liberties with national security. The bill we will vote on today was drafted in the spirit of the USA Liberty Act. It is not perfect and the process getting here was not ideal, but the bill requires, for the first time, a warrant to access section 702-collected commu-nications on U.S. persons in criminal investigations. Moreover, in routine criminal cases, when the FBI accesses U.S. person communications that were incidentally collected without first obtaining a war-rant, the FBI will not be permitted to use those communications in a crimi-nal prosecution. This will prevent a na-tional security tool from advancing run-of-the-mill criminal prosecutions. These are meaningful reforms. The bill that was presented to us before Christmas with its optional warrant construct was not real reform. The bill we are debating today, however, con-tains meaningful reforms. I would have preferred to include ad-ditional reforms, but I cannot stress to my colleagues enough that our choice cannot be between a perfect reform bill and expiration of this program. The 702 program is far too important for that. With this bill, we can have meaningful reform and reauthorization. In its cur-rent form, this bill will pass the Sen-ate. I also want to caution everyone that we cannot go too far in seeking to alter this program. There is an amendment that will be offered sponsored by Mr. AMASH and Ms. L OFGREN that would prevent the FBI from ever querying its 702 database using a U.S. person term. Imagine the FBI getting a tip from a flight instructor whose student acts suspiciously by expressing great inter-est in learning how to take off and fly a plane but has no interest in learning how to land the plane. This could be in-nocent behavior, but we want law en-forcement to at least be able to per-form a search to see if they already have, in their possession, any commu-nications between the student and a foreign actor involved in organizing terrorist plots. The Judiciary Committee-passed bill would have allowed the search and al-lowed law enforcement to view the metadata without a warrant while re-quiring a warrant to view the content of the communications. The Amash-Lofgren amendment, which was rejected in the Judiciary Committee, goes too far and would pre-vent such a search from even being done. It would, thus, kill this critical program by preventing the FBI from even looking at its own databases with-out a warrant, rendering it ineffective in preventing terrorist attacks and sti-fling its ability to gather necessary in-telligence. It must not be adopted. I will vote to support this bill. I will oppose the Amash-Lofgren amendment, and I urge my colleagues to join me. Vote for reform and reauthorization. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, many of us are opposing this bill and supporting the amendment because it is very dif-ferent from the Judiciary Committee bill that we reported, which was a good bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this bill. Supporters of this bill have called it reform. This is not reform. It is a mas-sive expansion of the government’s ability to pry into the private lives of innocent people. If you need proof, just look at the bill’s section 702 which is supposed to authorize spying on foreign adversaries, but it has emboldened some in law enforcement to collect and read private communications of Amer-ican citizens without a warrant. Instead of curbing these practices, S. 139 would codify and expand some of the most abusive of surveillance prac-tices used in recent years, including ‘‘abouts’’ collection and backdoor searches. There is no more important responsi-bility that we have than keeping the American people safe, but we have to do it in a way that is consistent with our values and our Constitution. This bill undermines our values of privacy and freedom from unreasonable searches and seizures. I urge my colleagues to oppose S. 139 and to support the Amash-Lofgren amendment, which allows intelligence agencies to do their jobs without un-dermining our values as Americans. We can do both things, Mr. Speaker: keep the American people safe and honor and respect our Constitution, which protects the privacy of all American citizens. Mr. Speaker, I urge defeat of this bill and support of the amendment. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ), who is a member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership in en-suring that a number of important re-forms to section 702 of the Foreign In-telligence Surveillance Act were in-cluded in this legislation. I rise in support of this modified version of S. 139. While this does not go as far to reform FISA section 702 as the USA Liberty Act, which passed out of the Judiciary Committee in November with my support, the reforms that are included help to provide a more appro-priate balance between protecting our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.010 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH146 January 11, 2018 
civil liberties and providing the intel-ligence community an important na-tional security tool for another 6 years before its expiration this Friday. FISA section 702 is a critical tool used by the intelligence community to protect American citizens from foreign threats and has been successfully used numerous times to prevent terrorist plots. Since we last reauthorized FISA section 702, much has changed not only in who our foreign threats are, but also in the methods that they use against us. The bottom line is we need to pro-tect the safety of the American people. We need to make sure constitutional protections are in place, and this is the proper balance. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me repeat the refrain of those of us who are members of the Judiciary Committee who have gone through this process since 9/11, and that is that we support the integrity and the impor-tance of section 702 as a national secu-rity tool, and we want it reauthorized, but we want it right. Our job and our task is also to be the protectors of the Fourth Amendment, and that is the protection of the Amer-ican people against unreasonable search and seizure. No matter how much my friends on the other side of the aisle argue, we know that the FBI can have the tools that it needs; but, in the instance of this underlying bill, similar to the bill that was passed in 2007 by the Bush ad-ministration, on which the Judiciary Committee came back and amended it and made it a bill that provides the tools that were needed by those who are on the front lines in the United States military and the FBI, ulti-mately, it was changed to deny those rights. In this instance, the warrant that my friends are talking about is revised only to fully predicated cases. It does not apply to the searching of docu-ments that will have information about Americans. I ask my colleagues to postpone this. Let us work together on behalf of the American people. Who are we if we can-not uphold the Constitution? It is not protected in this bill. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Ju-diciary Committee, I rise in strong opposition to S. 139, the FISA Amendments Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2017.’’ S. 139 reauthorizes Section 702 of the For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Act, which is scheduled to expire on January 19, 2018. Section 702 authorizes the Justice Depart-ment and NSA to collect non-U.S. persons’ communications that are sent while abroad. The collection programs have to be ap-proved each year by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISA Court). The FISA Court was set up by the 1978 Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA; Public Law 95–511) to oversee intelligence- gathering activities and ensure compliance with the U.S. Constitution. Under FISA, the term ‘‘U.S. person’’ covers citizens, green card holders, associations with a ‘‘substantial number of members’’ who are U.S. citizens or permanent residents, and U.S.-incorporated companies. Title VII also allows intelligence agencies to conduct surveillance on a specific U.S. person reasonably believed to be outside of the coun-try, with the approval of the FISA Court. The NSA’s use of section 702 authority to collect Americans’ information from their com-munications with foreign surveillance targets was revealed by former government contractor Edward Snowden in 2013. Snowden also revealed that the NSA ob-tains communications from U.S.-based pro-viders such as Google, Verizon, and Facebook. Although Section 702 is a critical national security tool set to expire on January 19, 2018, events of the recent past strongly sug-gest that Section 702 should not be reauthor-ized without necessary and significant reforms that are not included in the legislation before us. So as the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, I oppose the bill for several compelling reasons: 1. S. 139 fails to address the core concerns of Members of Congress and the American public—the government’s use of Section 702 information against United States citizens in-vestigations that have nothing to do with na-tional security. 2. The warrant ‘‘requirement’’ contained in the bill is riddled with loopholes and applies only to fully predicated, official FBI investiga-tions, not to the hundreds of thousands searches the FBI runs every day to run down a lead or check out a tip. 3. S. 139 exacerbates existing problems with Section 702 by codifying so-called ‘‘about collection,’’ a type of surveillance that was shut down after it twice failed to meet Fourth Amendment scrutiny. 4. S. 139 is universally opposed by tech-nology companies, privacy, and civil liberties groups across the political spectrum from the ACLU to FreedomWorks. Mr. Speaker, the bill before us comes from the Intelligence Committee, where it was passed on a strict party-line vote. This stands in stark contrast to H.R. 3989, the USA Liberty Act the bipartisan bill reported by the Judiciary Committee after multiple hear-ings, an open markup process, and a bipar-tisan vote of approval. The USA Liberty Act enjoys much broader support, contains meaningful reforms to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, and is far superior to the bill before us. Inexplicably, the House Republican leader-ship did choose the best option, which was to bring the USA Liberty Act to the floor for de-bate and vote; instead, they chose the worst option, which is S. 139, the bill before us. For this reason, I urge all members to join me in supporting the Amash-Lofgren Amend-ment, the best option remaining before us. The Amash-Lofgren strike the text of S. 139 in its entirety and substitutes in its place the text of the ‘‘Uniting and Strengthening America by Reforming and Improving the Government’s High-Tech Surveillance Act’’ (‘‘USA RIGHTS Act’’). In contrast to S. 139, the ‘‘USA RIGHTS Act’’ enacts necessary and meaningful reforms to Section 702, which are necessary in light of the past abuses of surveillance authorities, contemporary noncompliance with this author-ity, and the danger posed by potential future abuses. First, the USA RIGHTS Act creates a search warrant requirement that closes the so- called ‘‘backdoor search loophole’’ through which the government searches, without first obtaining a court-issued warrant based on probable cause, for information about U.S. persons or persons inside the U.S. The ‘‘USA RIGHTS Act’’ provides an excep-tion for emergencies, but requires a court war-rant afterward. Second, the ‘‘USA RIGHTS Act’’ prohibits the collection of domestic communications and permanently ends ‘‘about’’ collection, an illegal practice the National Security Agency recently stopped because of persistent and significant compliance violations. This is important because while ‘‘reverse targeting’’ is prohibited under the Jackson Lee Amendment incorporated in the USA Freedom Act enacted on June 2, 2016 (Pub. L. 114– 23), this prohibition was often skirted by col-lecting information from communications that merely mention an intelligence target. Under the ‘‘USA RIGHTS Act’’, collections would be limited to communications that are ‘‘to’’ or ‘‘from’’ a target, and the intentional col-lection of wholly domestic communications is prohibited. Third, the ‘‘USA RIGHTS Act’’ requires the government give notice when it uses informa-tion obtained or derived from Section 702 sur-veillance in proceedings against U.S. persons or people on U.S. soil which will enable a de-fendant to assert his or her constitutional rights and help ensure that foreign intelligence surveillance is not being misused. Fourth, under the ‘‘USA RIGHTS Act’’, Sec-tion 702 authority sunsets in 4 years, which will obligate the Congress to exercise regular oversight and provide the opportunity to make necessary reforms before reauthorization. Mr. Speaker, Section 702 of the Foreign In-telligence Surveillance Act was enacted to protect the liberty and security of Americans, not to diminish their constitutional rights. All Americans want to find the common ground where commonsense rules and regula-tions relating to fighting terrorism at home and abroad can exist while still protecting the cher-ished privacy and civil liberties which Ameri-cans hold close to our collective hearts. That is why Section 702 should not be reau-thorized with reforms to prevent the govern-ment from using information against its polit-ical opponents or members of religious, ethnic, or other groups. One way to do that without interfering with the national security objectives of 702 surveil-lance is simply to reject S. 139 and support the USA RIGHTS Act by voting for the Amash-Lofgren Amendment. Mr. Speaker, I noted in an op-ed published way back in October 2007, that as Alexis de Tocqueville, the most astute student of Amer-ican democracy, observed nearly two cen-turies ago, the reason democracies invariably prevail in any military conflict is because de-mocracy is the governmental form that best rewards and encourages those traits that are indispensable to success: initiative, innovation, courage, and a love of justice. And the best way to keep America safe and strong is to remain true to the valued embed-ded in the Constitution and the Bill of Rights. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.012 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H147 January 11, 2018 
S. 139 does not strike the proper balance between our cherished liberties and smart se-curity. We can do better; we should reject S. 139 and support the Amash-Lofgren Amendment. b1000 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ), a member of the Judiciary Committee and the Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations Sub-committee. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speak-er, I rise in opposition to this bill, and I will speak later on some of the other parts. I want to talk about the ‘‘abouts’’ stuff that is reauthorized in this bill after the NSA itself stopped doing it earlier last year. What ‘‘abouts’’ collection means is that, for example, if you have two jihadists that are in Pakistan and are communicating with each other that they didn’t like something that Mr. N
ADLER said against jihadists, the FBI can pick up the name ‘‘Nadler’’ and go into all of his emails, all of his texts, all of the information that they have on him and be able to see what Mr. N
ADLER had said about jihadists and much, much more. That is why this bill opens the door to something that the NSA has closed itself. We will hear from people who support ‘‘abouts’’ collection that Congress has got a chance to review it. They give us 30 days to do it. We can’t get anything done in 30 days. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the bill. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. T
EDLIEU). Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, having served on Active Duty in the United States military, when it comes to foreign terrorists on foreign soil, we need to track them down and kill them. That is why I support the FISA Act, as applied to foreigners. But, unfortunately, this act has now been used to apply to Americans. If you are going to do that, you need to follow the Constitution, you need to put in a warrant requirement. Unfortunately, the Nunes FISA bill does not do that. That is why I support the USA RIGHTS amendment. At the end of the day, this is not about terrorists or terrorism. It is about: Can you use warrantless infor-mation against Americans in a domes-tic court? That is what this issue is about. Don’t let the intelligence agencies scare you. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the Nunes bill and ‘‘yes’’ on the USA RIGHTS amend-ment. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time is remaining on each side? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia). The gentleman from Virginia has 2 minutes remaining. The gentleman from New York has 2
1⁄4 minutes remaining. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ). Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, our times are this: the President is abusing his authority. He is stacking the courts with incompetent and ideo-logical judges. He is usurping the pow-ers of the Justice Department and the FBI. He is turning them into political animals. At the same time as he is doing this, we are considering this legislation, which leaves the door wide open for the abuse of Fourth Amendment rights of Americans. This is a bad bill for a particularly bad time. I am asking my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ We can do better than this. I am asking my colleagues to vote in favor of the USA RIGHTS amendment. If that amendment is not passed, then I ask Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on this overall bill. We can’t afford to let this happen. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute. Mr. Speaker, in response to those who advocate for the Amash-Lofgren amendment, this amendment will very, very seriously damage our national se-curity. Section 702 is a program for which there is no evidence of abuse and is used to gather information about non-United States citizens outside the United States. In a targeted fashion, they have to go to the court and get approval for the selectors to gather in-formation on a quarterly basis. They gather information incidental to that. Sometimes there is information about United States citizens. But guess what. The information does not come with little labels at-tached saying: this is a United States citizen communicating here, or the communication involves someone in the United States. Therefore, it is absolutely vitally im-portant that we not impair the most important electronic intelligence-gath-ering mechanism that the United States has to keep us safe. Oppose the Amash amendment. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ). Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this bill that does nothing to stop the unconstitutional collection of Americans’ international communications without first obtain-ing a warrant, and it codifies the prac-tice of indiscriminately sweeping up massive amounts of domestic commu-nications. What makes us different from those who would harm us is our commitment to our constitutional values: that we are innocent until proven guilty and that our government must obtain a warrant and show probable cause that there is a legitimate reason to listen in on our conversations. This bill will further expose people to warrantless prosecutions or detention and deportation in cases that have ab-solutely no connection whatsoever to national security. I hope we reject this bill, unless we approve the Amash-Lofgren amend-ment. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I have only one speaker remaining to close, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. PELOSI ), the distinguished Democratic leader. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I am proud of the House of Representatives for coming together on the floor of the House and in our various caucuses and conferences to discuss the important challenge that we all face: the balance that we have to protect the American people. That is the oath we take: to protect and defend. As we defend the Constitution, we defend the privacy and the civil liberties of the American people. It is difficult. Over 20 years ago, I was on the Intel-ligence Committee for the purpose of protecting civil liberties and privacy, and also to stop the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, two real-ly important overarching issues. So I come to the floor today as one who has worked on this issue for a very long time. I thank our men and women in the intelligence community for the work they do. We are so proud of what they do. In those days, almost 25 years ago, when I was first on the committee, it was about force protection and trying to have enough intelligence to avoid conflict, but if we were to engage, we would have the intelligence to protect our forces. It was about force protec-tion. In the nineties, it became more about fighting terrorism and other overarching issues as well. We live in a dangerous world and force protection on the ground, in the-ater, is still an essential part of what the intelligence community does. Again, I thank the men and women in the intelligence community for their patriotism and their courage. The issue that relates to fighting ter-rorism is one that sometimes has a frightening manifestation on our own soil. But as we protect and defend the American people and the Constitution and their rights, we have to have that balance. It was Benjamin Franklin who said: If we don’t fight for security and freedom, we won’t have either. I want to particularly thank our ranking member on the Intelligence Committee. He has made us all proud in going across the country to honor our Constitution, talking about under-mining our election system, talking about protecting the American people in ways that is consistent with our Constitution. I thank Mr. S
CHIFF and I support him today in his support of the bill that came from his committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.004 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH148 January 11, 2018 
Is it perfect? I have never voted for a perfect bill in this House. I also thank Mr. N
ADLER , a genius on all of these issues that relate to our Constitution. I also thank the members of the Judiciary Committee. We have very few members on the In-telligence Committee who are depu-tized by the Speaker and by the leaders of each party to go to the Intelligence Committee to deal with issues that re-late to the balance between security and privacy. With all the respect in the world for the magnificent members of the Judici-ary Committee, all of whom I respect, it is not right to say there is nothing in this bill that protects the privacy of the American people. In fact, when I was supporting the Judiciary Committee bill, outside groups were complaining. They wanted the Zoe Lofgren amendment. They didn’t want that bill. They were com-plaining about it. Now, today, they are saying that is what they want. Studying the issue, I think one of the differences along the way is when it is appropriate in terms of a warrant. That is why I am so pleased that we will be offering a motion to recommit that addresses just that concern, which is what I am hearing about from folks. The amendment, the motion to re-commit, addresses concerns of people on both sides of the aisle, certainly in our Democratic Caucus, that seeks to secure the highest possible protections for American civil liberties. At the same time, it ensures that the intel-ligence community and law enforce-ment can continue to keep Americans safe. This amendment would go a step fur-ther from the modified bill that is on the floor under consideration to ensure law enforcement secures a warrant be-fore accessing Americans’ information. Let me repeat that. The amendment will go a step further than the modified bill under consideration to ensure law enforcement secures a warrant before accessing Americans’ information. Under this amendment, a court order would be required to access Americans’ data in connection with any non-national security criminal investiga-tion by the FBI. This amendment removes predicate— that is the operational word—stand-ards and it expands the universe of in-vestigations that would require a war-rant. A vote for this amendment—and I hope it would be bipartisan, especially from those who are objecting to the bill on the floor—is a vote for privacy protections and for civil liberties. We would have preferred to have this in the original bill that is coming to the floor. We couldn’t get that in com-mittee. Hopefully, we can get it on the floor. Voting against the motion to recom-mit means fewer protections, less over-sight, and more risk that Americans’ rights will be violated. In the course of this, I mentioned this issue about the warrant and ar-rest. I talked about the Judiciary Com-mittee’s bill. At the offset of all of this, we all opposed the first Intelligence Committee’s bill. We supported the Ju-diciary Committee’s bipartisan bill being criticized by some outside groups for supporting it, rather than the Lof-gren amendment. But changes were made in the Intel-ligence Committee’s bill to this effect. We asked the Speaker to take out the masking provisions, which have no place in this bill. The chairman of the Intelligence Committee, Mr. N
UNES , foolishly put that in this bill. It made it a complete nonstarter. I thank the Speaker for removing it. By the way, somebody should tell the President because he thinks it is still in the bill. With that being said, I per-sonally directed the unmasking process be fixed. It isn’t fixed in the bill, Mr. President. That would be a second tweet of the day, confusing matters even worse, unfortunately. The admin-istration, although they probably would like an extension of the status quo, understands we have to do more than that. The other provision that was in the bill was an expansion of agents of for-eign governments. Agents of foreign governments opened up more people who would be subjected to surveillance. We said: That doesn’t fly. That has to be closed. The Speaker did that. Then, on the ‘‘abouts’’ language, I think most people who understand that—it is a complicated issue—under-stand that it is really not a factor in this discussion. People don’t want it mentioned, but the fact is that it had to be addressed. It is not being used and it is unconstitutional. Until it can be proven to be constitutional, it can’t be used. When it is used, they would have to go to the FISA court to get permission, and then come to Congress for ratification of that. So there are many protections there. It is hard, I know. I had a hard time when I was Speaker and we passed a bill to address the gross violations of Vice President Cheney doing the Bush- Cheney surveillance. It was appalling, in my view. I considered it unconstitu-tional, others did not. But, nonethe-less, we put in many, many protections where there were none, and then re-newed and improved them when we re-newed the bill subsequently in its reau-thorization. b1015 This isn’t about the other side of the aisle that is saying you don’t care about privacy if you support this bill. It isn’t about that. It is about where you strike the balance when you weigh the equities. We have to come down in favor of honoring our Constitution and our civil liberties, but we cannot do that com-pletely at the expense. And I believe that the Members and Mr. N
ADLER un-derstand that full well, and I commend him for his deep understanding of the vital national security issues and the invaluable work that his committee has done to strike a balance between security and privacy and has made a difference. But the choice we have today is to pass something that is—defeat this bill. Okay. You have done that, if you want to do that. Pass an amendment that won’t go anyplace, you can do that, and we will be left with extension of the status quo of the current law. As one who has participated in writ-ing it those years ago, I understand its merit. I also understand the changes in technology, of tactics of terrorists who are out there, and that we have to im-prove the bill. I don’t consider it a reform bill. It is not that vast. It is some improvements in how we can collect, protect, again, keep the American people safe as well as protect their civil liberties. Just a couple other things about it. Since this legislation was designed to address concerns related to the use of information collected under FISA sec-tion 702, an important foreign intel-ligence collection authority—we have to keep that emphasis on ‘‘an impor-tant foreign intelligence authority.’’ So, my colleagues, to that end, this modifies that it requires a court order based on probable cause for FBI crimi-nal investigators to view Americans’ communication in the section 702 data-base and mandates an inspector gen-eral study of 702 data. So let’s keep the vigilance on, even as we go forward. It contains refined language related to ‘‘abouts’’ collection. It requires the ex-ecutive branch to secure explicit ap-proval from the FISA court for collec-tion. It further objects ‘‘abouts’’ collec-tions to—subjects a 30-day congres-sional review process. I know Mr. SEN-
SENBRENNER said nobody can do any-thing in 30 days, but I think we can. The bill strengthens the privacy and civil liberties oversight board. That was something I was instrumental in establishing when I was on the Intel-ligence Committee. I know it is impor-tant, but I also know that it has to be strengthened and it has to be respected as a watchdog. So, I mean, the list goes on requiring public reporting on the use of 702 data, just saying to the intelligence commu-nity: Don’t try to minimize any viola-tions that may have occurred; we want the facts; we want the truth. And that is why I am so glad it has expanded whistleblower protections and briefings to the Oversight Com-mittee, which we have required. Unlike the original House Intelligence bill, which I oppose, this bill does not in-clude language that would have likely expanded the universe of FISA targets who are now, as I mentioned before, agents of foreign policy powers. It ex-cludes the language on unmasking; somebody tell the President. It gives me great pride in our Caucus, if you could have heard the beautiful debate between Mr. N
ADLER and Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.014 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H149 January 11, 2018 
SCHIFF on this subject. We are not that far apart. I think that the motion to recommit addresses most of the con-cerns we have been getting from the outside groups, and communities have dedicated their—whose organized pur-pose is to protect the civil liberties of the American people. But, again, with great respect for ev-eryone’s opinions and whatever they have put forth, again, saluting our men and women in the intelligence commu-nity for the work that they do, we want to be sure we strengthen their hand in terms of protecting the na-tional security of our country, which is our first responsibility, keep the Amer-ican people safe, and, as we do so, to honor our oath of office to the Con-stitution, to honor the principles of the Constitution. Our Founders knew full well the challenge between security and civil liberties. They lived in a world when they were under attack. The War of 1812 came very soon after the establish-ment of our country, so this was not a foreign idea to them, and they be-queathed to us the responsibility to protect, defend, protect our liberties. And, again, respectful of this debate on this issue, I myself will be voting to support my ranking member on the In-telligence Committee, Mr. S
CHIFF , our ranking member, and Members will fol-low their conscience on this. I just wanted you to know, from my experi-ence in all of this and with weighing the equities involved, that that is the path that I will take. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING), a mem-ber of the Judiciary Committee, to close the debate on this side. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, and I also thank the mi-nority leader for her remarks in sup-port of 702. I rise in support of the 702 reauthor-ization. It is critical to our national se-curity. You would see the color drain out of the faces of all of our security personnel, the entire national security community, if we lost the ability and went dark on 702. We have got to follow through in this Congress. We have got to provide the flexibility for them to use the tools that we have available to us, and we have set up procedures that will ap-prove of this annually under the FISA courts. We have got a probable cause requirement for any criminal inves-tigation. That protects U.S. persons. And we don’t need to be protecting anything but U.S. persons when it comes to this. The gentlewoman spoke of civil lib-erties, and I stand in defense of those civil liberties as well and in defense of the national security. We have got an IG report that is written into this bill. But I would remind the people who are concerned about this focus on these civil liberties that Google and Facebook and Verizon and AT&T, they hold more data than the U.S. Govern-ment has. That is where the real infor-mation is, and if they are concerned about that, they should raise that issue. Meanwhile, I am going to oppose the Amash amendment and support the re-authorization of 702. Our people in this America, U.S. persons, deserve that protection for national security rea-sons. I urge its adoption. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate on the bill has expired. AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . AMASH  
Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 1, strike line 1 and all that follows and insert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Uniting and Strengthening America by Reforming and Improving the Government’s High-Tech Surveillance Act’’ or the ‘‘USA RIGHTS Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Clarification on prohibition on querying of collections of com-munications to conduct warrantless queries for the communications of United States persons and persons in-side the United States. Sec. 3. Prohibition on reverse targeting under certain authorities of the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978. Sec. 4. Prohibition on acquisition, pursuant to certain FISA authorities to target certain persons outside the United States, of commu-nications that do not include persons targeted under such au-thorities. Sec. 5. Prohibition on acquisition of entirely domestic communications under authorities to target cer-tain persons outside the United States. Sec. 6. Limitation on use of information ob-tained under certain authority of Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1947 relating to United States persons. Sec. 7. Reforms of the Privacy and Civil Lib-erties Oversight Board. Sec. 8. Improved role in oversight of elec-tronic surveillance by amici cu-riae appointed by courts under Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978. Sec. 9. Reforms to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. Sec. 10. Study and report on diversity and representation on the FISA Court and the FISA Court of Review. Sec. 11. Grounds for determining injury in fact in civil action relating to surveillance under certain pro-visions of Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978. Sec. 12. Clarification of applicability of re-quirement to declassify signifi-cant decisions of Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Court and Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Court of Review. Sec. 13. Clarification regarding treatment of information acquired under Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978. Sec. 14. Limitation on technical assistance from electronic communication service providers under the For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978. Sec. 15. Modification of authorities for pub-lic reporting by persons subject to nondisclosure requirement accompanying order under For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978. Sec. 16. Annual publication of statistics on number of persons targeted out-side the United States under certain Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 author-ity. Sec. 17. Repeal of nonapplicability to Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation of certain reporting requirements under Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act of 1978. Sec. 18. Publication of estimates regarding communications collected under certain provision of For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978. Sec. 19. Four-year extension of FISA Amendments Act of 2008. 
SEC. 2. CLARIFICATION ON PROHIBITION ON QUERYING OF COLLECTIONS OF COMMUNICATIONS TO CONDUCT WARRANTLESS QUERIES FOR THE COMMUNICATIONS OF UNITED STATES PERSONS AND PERSONS IN-SIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 702(b) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a(b)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (5) as subparagraphs (A) through (E), respec-tively, and indenting such subparagraphs, as so redesignated, an additional two ems from the left margin; (2) by striking ‘‘An acquisition’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An acquisition’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
LARIFICATION ON PROHIBITION ON  
QUERYING OF COLLECTIONS OF COMMUNICATIONS  
OF UNITED STATES PERSONS AND PERSONS IN -
SIDE THE UNITED STATES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraphs (B) and (C), no officer or em-ployee of the United States may conduct a query of information acquired under this sec-tion in an effort to find communications of or about a particular United States person or a person inside the United States. ‘‘(B) C
ONCURRENT AUTHORIZATION AND EX -
CEPTION FOR EMERGENCY SITUATIONS .—Sub- paragraph (A) shall not apply to a query for communications related to a particular United States person or person inside the United States if— ‘‘(i) such United States person or person inside the United States is the subject of an order or emergency authorization author-izing electronic surveillance or physical search under section 105, 304, 703, 704, or 705 of this Act, or under title 18, United States Code, for the effective period of that order; ‘‘(ii) the entity carrying out the query has a reasonable belief that the life or safety of such United States person or person inside the United States is threatened and the in-formation is sought for the purpose of assist-ing that person; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.016 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH150 January 11, 2018 
‘‘(iii) such United States person or person in the United States is a corporation; or ‘‘(iv) such United States person or person inside the United States has consented to the query. ‘‘(C) Q
UERIES OF FEDERATED DATA SETS AND  
MIXED DATA .—If an officer or employee of the United States conducts a query of a data set, or of federated data sets, that includes any information acquired under this section, the system shall be configured not to return such information unless the officer or em-ployee enters a code or other information in-dicating that— ‘‘(i) the person associated with the search term is not a United States person or person inside the United States; or ‘‘(ii) if the person associated with the search term is a United States person or per-son inside the United States, one or more of the conditions of subparagraph (B) are satis-fied. ‘‘(D) M
ATTERS RELATING TO EMERGENCY  
QUERIES .— ‘‘(i) T
REATMENT OF DENIALS .—In the event that a query for communications related to a particular United States person or a person inside the United States is conducted pursu-ant to an emergency authorization author-izing electronic surveillance or a physical search described in subsection (B)(i) and the application for such emergency authoriza-tion is denied, or in any other case in which the query has been conducted and no order is issued approving the query— ‘‘(I) no information obtained or evidence derived from such query may be received in evidence or otherwise disclosed in any trial, hearing, or other proceeding in or before any court, grand jury, department, office, agen-cy, regulatory body, legislative committee, or other authority of the United States, a State, or political subdivision thereof; and ‘‘(II) no information concerning any United States person acquired from such query may subsequently be used or disclosed in any other manner by Federal officers or employ-ees without the consent of such person, ex-cept with the approval of the Attorney Gen-eral if the information indicates a threat of death or serious bodily harm to any person. ‘‘(ii) A
SSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE .—The At- torney General shall assess compliance with the requirements under clause (i).’’. 
SEC. 3. PROHIBITION ON REVERSE TARGETING UNDER CERTAIN AUTHORITIES OF THE FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SUR-VEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a), as amended by section 2, is further amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1)(B), as redesignated by section 2, by striking ‘‘the purpose of such acquisition is to target’’ and inserting ‘‘a significant purpose of such acquisition is to acquire the communications of’’; (2) in subsection (d)(1)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘ensure that’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘ensure— ‘‘(i) that’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) that an application is filed under title I, if otherwise required, when a significant purpose of an acquisition authorized under subsection (a) is to acquire the communica-tions of a particular, known person reason-ably believed to be located in the United States; and’’; (3) in subsection (g)(2)(A)(i)(I)— (A) by striking ‘‘ensure that’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘ensure— ‘‘(aa) that’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(bb) that an application is filed under title I, if otherwise required, when a signifi-cant purpose of an acquisition authorized under subsection (a) is to acquire the com-munications of a particular, known person reasonably believed to be located in the United States; and’’; and (4) in subsection (i)(2)(B)(i)— (A) by striking ‘‘ensure that’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘ensure— ‘‘(I) that’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(II) that an application is filed under title I, if otherwise required, when a significant purpose of an acquisition authorized under subsection (a) is to acquire the communica-tions of a particular, known person reason-ably believed to be located in the United States; and’’. SEC. 4. PROHIBITION ON ACQUISITION, PURSU-ANT TO CERTAIN FISA AUTHORITIES TO TARGET CERTAIN PERSONS OUT-SIDE THE UNITED STATES, OF COM-MUNICATIONS THAT DO NOT IN-CLUDE PERSONS TARGETED UNDER SUCH AUTHORITIES. 
Section 702(b)(1) of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978, as redesig-nated by section 2, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (D), as redesignated by section 2, by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (G); and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) may not acquire a communication as to which no participant is a person who is targeted pursuant to the authorized acquisi-tion;’’. 
SEC. 5. PROHIBITION ON ACQUISITION OF EN-TIRELY DOMESTIC COMMUNICA-TIONS UNDER AUTHORITIES TO TAR-GET CERTAIN PERSONS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 702(b)(1) of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978, as redesig-nated by section 2 and amended by section 4, is further amended by inserting after sub-paragraph (E), as added by section 4, the fol-lowing: ‘‘(F) may not acquire communications known to be entirely domestic; and’’. 
SEC. 6. LIMITATION ON USE OF INFORMATION OBTAINED UNDER CERTAIN AU-THORITY OF FOREIGN INTEL-LIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1947 RELATING TO UNITED STATES PERSONS. 
Section 706(a) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881e(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Information acquired’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Information acquired’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON USE IN CRIMINAL , CIVIL , 
AND ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDINGS AND INVES -
TIGATIONS .—No communication to or from, or information about, a person acquired under section 702 who is either a United States person or is located in the United States may be introduced as evidence against the person in any criminal, civil, or administrative proceeding or used as part of any criminal, civil, or administrative inves-tigation, except— ‘‘(A) with the prior approval of the Attor-ney General; and ‘‘(B) in a proceeding or investigation in which the information is directly related to and necessary to address a specific threat of— ‘‘(i) terrorism (as defined in clauses (i) through (iii) of section 2332(g)(5)(B) of title 18, United States Code); ‘‘(ii) espionage (as used in chapter 37 of title 18, United States Code); ‘‘(iii) proliferation or use of a weapon of mass destruction (as defined in section 2332a(c) of title 18, United States Code); ‘‘(iv) a cybersecurity threat from a foreign country; ‘‘(v) incapacitation or destruction of crit-ical infrastructure (as defined in section 1016(e) of the USA PATRIOT Act (42 U.S.C. 5195c(e))); or ‘‘(vi) a threat to the armed forces of the United States or an ally of the United States or to other personnel of the United States Government or a government of an ally of the United States.’’. SEC. 7. REFORMS OF THE PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD. 
(a) I NCLUSION OF FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE AC-
TIVITIES IN OVERSIGHT AUTHORITY OF THE PRI-
VACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT  B
OARD .—Section 1061 of the Intelligence Re-form and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee) is amended— (1) in subsection (c), by inserting ‘‘and to conduct foreign intelligence activities’’ after ‘‘terrorism’’ each place such term appears; and (2) in subsection (d), by inserting ‘‘and to conduct foreign intelligence activities’’ after ‘‘terrorism’’ each place such term appears. (b) S
UBMISSION OF WHISTLEBLOWER COM-
PLAINTS TO THE PRIVACY AND CIVILLIBERTIES  O
VERSIGHT BOARD .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1061 of the Intel-ligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee), as amended by subsection (a), is further amended— (A) in subsection (d), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) W
HISTLEBLOWER COMPLAINTS .— ‘‘(A) S
UBMISSION TO BOARD .—An employee of, or contractor or detailee to, an element of the intelligence community may submit to the Board a complaint or information that such employee, contractor, or detailee believes relates to a privacy or civil liberties concern. The confidentiality provisions under section 2409(b)(3) of title 10, United States Code, shall apply to a submission under this subparagraph. Any disclosure under this subparagraph shall be protected against discrimination under the procedures, burdens of proof, and remedies set forth in section 2409 of such title. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORITY OF BOARD .—The Board may take such action as the Board considers ap-propriate with respect to investigating a complaint or information submitted under subparagraph (A) or transmitting such com-plaint or information to any other Executive agency or the congressional intelligence committees. ‘‘(C) R
ELATIONSHIP TO EXISTING LAWS .—The authority under subparagraph (A) of an em-ployee, contractor, or detailee to submit to the Board a complaint or information shall be in addition to any other authority under another provision of law to submit a com-plaint or information. Any action taken under any other provision of law by the re-cipient of a complaint or information shall not preclude the Board from taking action relating to the same complaint or informa-tion. ‘‘(D) R
ELATIONSHIP TO ACTIONS TAKEN  
UNDER OTHER LAWS .—Nothing in this para-graph shall prevent— ‘‘(i) any individual from submitting a com-plaint or information to any authorized re-cipient of the complaint or information; or ‘‘(ii) the recipient of a complaint or infor-mation from taking independent action on the complaint or information.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(n) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘congressional intelligence commit-tees’ and ‘intelligence community’ have the meanings given such terms in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003).’’. (2) P
ROHIBITED PERSONNEL PRACTICES .—Sec- tion 2302(b)(8)(B) of title 5, United States Code, is amended, in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘or to the Inspector of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.003 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H151 January 11, 2018 
an agency or another employee designated by the head of the agency to receive such disclosures’’ and inserting ‘‘the Inspector General of an agency, a supervisor in the em-ployee’s direct chain of command (up to and including the head of the employing agency), the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, or an employee designated by any of the aforementioned individuals for the pur-pose of receiving such disclosures’’. (c) P
RIVACY AND CIVILLIBERTIES OVERSIGHT  B
OARD SUBPOENA POWER .—Section 1061(g) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Pre-vention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee(g)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(D), by striking ‘‘submit a written request to the Attorney General of the United States that the Attorney Gen-eral’’; (2) by striking paragraph (2); and (3) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively. (d) A
PPOINTMENT OF STAFF OF THE PRIVACY  
ANDCIVILLIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD .—Sec- tion 1061(j) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee(j)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENT IN ABSENCE OF CHAIR -
MAN.—If the position of chairman of the Board is vacant, during the period of the va-cancy the Board, at the direction of the ma-jority of the members of the Board, may ex-ercise the authority of the chairman under paragraph (1).’’. (e) T
ENURE AND COMPENSATION OF PRIVACY  
ANDCIVILLIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD MEM-
BERS AND STAFF .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1061 of the Intel-ligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee), as amended by subsections (a) and (b), is further amended— (A) in subsection (h)— (i) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘full- time’’ after ‘‘4 additional’’; and (ii) in paragraph (4)(B), by striking ‘‘, ex-cept that’’ and all that follows through the end and inserting a period; (B) in subsection (i)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘level III of the Executive Schedule under section 5314’’ and inserting ‘‘level II of the Executive Schedule under section 5313’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘level IV of the Executive Schedule’’ and all that follows through the end and inserting ‘‘level III of the Executive Schedule under section 5314 of title 5, United States Code.’’; and (C) in subsection (j)(1), by striking ‘‘level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316’’ and inserting ‘‘level IV of the Execu-tive Schedule under section 5315’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE ; APPLICABILITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by paragraph (1)— (i) shall take effect on the date of the en-actment of this Act; and (ii) except as provided in paragraph (2), shall apply to any appointment to a position as a member of the Privacy and Civil Lib-erties Oversight Board made on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. (B) E
XCEPTIONS .— (i) C
OMPENSATION CHANGES .—The amend-ments made by subparagraphs (B)(i) and (C) of paragraph (1) shall take effect on the first day of the first pay period beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. (ii) E
LECTION TO SERVE FULL TIME BY INCUM -
BENTS .— (I) I
N GENERAL .—An individual serving as a member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board on the date of the enact-ment of this Act, including a member con-tinuing to serve as a member under section 1061(h)(4)(B) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee(h)(4)(B)), (referred to in this clause as a ‘‘current member’’) may make an election to— (aa) serve as a member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board on a full- time basis and in accordance with section 1061 of the Intelligence Reform and Ter-rorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee), as amended by this section; or (bb) serve as a member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board on a part- time basis in accordance with such section 1061, as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, including the limitation on service after the expiration of the term of the member under subsection (h)(4)(B) of such section, as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. (II) ELECTION TO SERVE FULL TIME .—A cur- rent member making an election under sub-clause (I)(aa) shall begin serving as a mem-ber of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Over-sight Board on a full-time basis on the first day of the first pay period beginning not less than 60 days after the date on which the cur-rent member makes such election. (f) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION ABOUT GOV-
ERNMENT ACTIVITIES UNDER THE FOREIGN IN-
TELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978 TO THE  P
RIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT  B
OARD .—The Attorney General shall fully in-form the Privacy and Civil Liberties Over-sight Board about any activities carried out by the Government under the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), including by providing to the Board— (1) copies of each detailed report submitted to a committee of Congress under such Act; and (2) copies of each decision, order, and opin-ion of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court or the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Court of Review required to be in-cluded in the report under section 601(a) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1871(a)). 
SEC. 8. IMPROVED ROLE IN OVERSIGHT OF ELEC-TRONIC SURVEILLANCE BY AMICI CURIAE APPOINTED BY COURTS UNDER FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
(a) R OLE OF AMICICURIAE GENERALLY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 103(i)(1) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1803(i)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Any amicus curiae designated pursuant to this paragraph may raise any issue with the Court at any time.’’. (2) R
EFERRAL OF CASES FOR REVIEW .—Sec- tion 103(i) of such Act is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (10) as paragraphs (6) through (11), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) R
EFERRAL FOR REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) R
EFERRAL TO FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE  
SURVEILLANCE COURT EN BANC .—If the court established under subsection (a) appoints an amicus curiae under paragraph (2)(A) to as-sist the Court in the consideration of any matter presented to the Court under this Act and the Court makes a decision with respect to such matter, the Court, in response to an application by the amicus curiae or any other individual designated under paragraph (1), may refer the decision to the Court en banc for review as the Court considers appro-priate. ‘‘(B) R
EFERRAL TO FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE  
SURVEILLANCE COURT OF REVIEW .—If the court established under subsection (a) appoints an amicus curiae under paragraph (2)(A) to as-sist the Court in the consideration of any matter presented to the Court under this Act and the Court makes a decision with respect to such matter, the Court, in response to an application by the amicus curiae or any other individual designated under paragraph (1) may refer the decision to the court estab-lished under subsection (b) for review as the Court considers appropriate. ‘‘(C) REFERRAL TO SUPREME COURT .—If the Court of Review appoints an amicus curiae under paragraph (2) to assist the Court of Re-view in the review of any matter presented to the Court of Review under this Act or a question of law that may affect resolution of a matter in controversy and the Court of Re-view makes a decision with respect to such matter or question of law, the Court of Re-view, in response to an application by the amicus curiae or any other individual des-ignated under paragraph (1) may refer the decision to the Supreme Court for review as the Court of Review considers appropriate. ‘‘(D) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the end of each calendar year, the Court and the Court of Review shall each publish, on their respective websites, a re-port listing— ‘‘(i) the number of applications for referral received by the Court or the Court of Re-view, as applicable, during the most recently concluded calendar year; and ‘‘(ii) the number of such applications for referral that were granted by the Court or the Court of Review, as applicable, during such calendar year.’’. (3) A
SSISTANCE .—Section 103(i)(6) of such Act, as redesignated, is further amended to read as follows: ‘‘(6) A
SSISTANCE .—Any individual des-ignated pursuant to paragraph (1) may raise a legal or technical issue or any other issue with the Court or the Court of Review at any time. If an amicus curiae is appointed under paragraph (2)(A)— ‘‘(A) the court shall notify all other amicus curiae designated under paragraph (1) of such appointment; ‘‘(B) the appointed amicus curiae may re-quest, either directly or through the court, the assistance of the other amici curiae des-ignated under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(C) all amici curiae designated under paragraph (1) may provide input to the court whether or not such input was formally re-quested by the court or the appointed amicus curiae.’’. (4) A
CCESS TO INFORMATION .—Section 103(i)(7) of such Act, as redesignated, is fur-ther amended— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in clause (i)— (I) by striking ‘‘that the court’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘that— ‘‘(I) the court’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end and in-serting the following: ‘‘or ‘‘(II) are cited by the Government in an ap-plication or case with respect to which an amicus curiae is assisting a court under this subsection;’’; (ii) by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii); and (iii) by inserting after clause (i) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(ii) shall have access to an unredacted copy of each decision made by a court estab-lished under subsection (a) or (b) in which the court decides a question of law, notwith-standing whether the decision is classified; and’’; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; and (C) in subparagraph (C)— (i) in the subparagraph heading, by strik-ing ‘‘C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION ’’ and inserting ‘‘A
CCESS TO INFORMATION ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘court may have access’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘court— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.003 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH152 January 11, 2018 
‘‘(i) shall have access to unredacted copies of each opinion, order, transcript, pleading, or other document of the Court and the Court of Review; and ‘‘(ii) may have access’’. (5) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND RECEIPT OF BRIEFS  
FROM THIRD PARTIES .—Section 103(i) of such Act, as amended by this subsection, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(12) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND RECEIPT OF BRIEFS  
FROM THIRD PARTIES .—Whenever a court es-tablished under subsection (a) or (b) con-siders a novel question of law that can be considered without disclosing classified in-formation, sources, or methods, the court shall, to the greatest extent practicable, con-sider such question in an open manner— ‘‘(A) by publishing on its website each question of law that the court is considering; and ‘‘(B) by accepting briefs from third parties relating to the question under consideration by the court.’’. (b) P
ARTICIPATION OF AMICI CURIAE IN  O
VERSIGHT OF AUTHORIZATIONS FOR TAR-
GETING OF CERTAIN PERSONS OUTSIDE THE  U
NITED STATES OTHER THAN UNITED STATES  P
ERSONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 702(i)(2) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1881a(i)(2)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (B), by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subclauses (I) and (II), respectively, and adjusting the indentation of the margin of such subclauses, as so redes-ignated, two ems to the right; (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (C) as clauses (i) through (iii), re-spectively, and adjusting the indentation of the margin of such clauses, as so redesig-nated, two ems to the right; (C) by inserting before clause (i), as redes-ignated by subparagraph (B), the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) P
ARTICIPATION BY AMICI CURIAE .—In reviewing a certification under subparagraph (A)(i), the Court shall randomly select an amicus curiae designated under section 103(i) to assist with such review.’’. (2) S
CHEDULE .—Section 702(i)(5)(A) of such Act is amended by striking ‘‘at least 30 days prior to the expiration of such authoriza-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘such number of days be-fore the expiration of such authorization as the Court considers necessary to comply with the requirements of paragraph (2)(B) or 30 days, whichever is greater’’. (c) P
UBLIC NOTICE OF QUESTIONS OF LAW C
ERTIFIED FOR REVIEW .—Section 103(j) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1803(j)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Following’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Following’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) P
UBLIC NOTICE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), whenever a court estab-lished under subsection (a) certifies a ques-tion of law for review under paragraph (1) of this subsection, the court shall publish on its website— ‘‘(i) a notice of the question of law to be re-viewed; and ‘‘(ii) briefs submitted by the parties, which may be redacted at the discretion of the court to protect sources, methods, and other classified information. ‘‘(B) P
ROTECTION OF CLASSIFIED INFORMA -
TION, SOURCES , AND METHODS .—Subparagraph (A) shall apply to the greatest extent prac-ticable, consistent with otherwise applicable law on the protection of classified informa-tion, sources, and methods.’’. 
SEC. 9. REFORMS TO THE FOREIGN INTEL-LIGENCE SURVEILLANCE COURT. 
(a) FISA C OURT JUDGES .— (1) NUMBER AND DESIGNATION OF JUDGES .— Section 103(a)(1) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1803(a)(1)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1)(A) There is a court which shall have jurisdiction to hear applications for and to grant orders approving electronic surveil-lance anywhere within the United States under the procedures set forth in this Act. ‘‘(B)(i) The court established under sub-paragraph (A) shall consist of 13 judges, one of whom shall be designated from each judi-cial circuit (including the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia and the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit). ‘‘(ii) The Chief Justice of the United States shall— ‘‘(I) designate each judge of the court es-tablished under subparagraph (A) from the nominations made under subparagraph (C); and ‘‘(II) make the name of each judge of such court available to the public. ‘‘(C)(i) When a vacancy occurs in the posi-tion of a judge of the court established under subparagraph (A) from a judicial circuit, the chief judge of the circuit shall propose a dis-trict judge for a judicial district within the judicial circuit to be designated for that po-sition. ‘‘(ii) If the Chief Justice does not designate a district judge proposed under clause (i), the chief judge shall propose 2 other district judges for a judicial district within the judi-cial circuit to be designated for that position and the Chief Justice shall designate 1 such district judge to that position. ‘‘(D) No judge of the court established under subparagraph (A) (except when sitting en banc under paragraph (2)) shall hear the same application for electronic surveillance under this Act which has been denied pre-viously by another judge of such court. ‘‘(E) If any judge of the court established under subparagraph (A) denies an application for an order authorizing electronic surveil-lance under this Act, such judge shall pro-vide immediately for the record a written statement of each reason for the judge’s de-cision and, on motion of the United States, the record shall be transmitted, under seal, to the court of review established in sub-section (b).’’. (2) T
ENURE .—Section 103(d) of such Act is amended by striking ‘‘redesignation,’’ and all that follows through the end and insert-ing ‘‘redesignation.’’. (3) I
MPLEMENTATION .— (A) I
NCUMBENTS .—A district judge des-ignated to serve on the court established under subsection (a) of such section before the date of enactment of this Act may con-tinue to serve in that position until the end of the term of the district judge under sub-section (d) of such section, as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. (B) I
NITIAL APPOINTMENT AND TERM .—Not- withstanding any provision of such section, as amended by paragraphs (1) and (2), and not later than 180 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Chief Justice of the United States shall— (i) designate a district court judge who is serving in a judicial district within the Dis-trict of Columbia circuit and proposed by the chief judge of such circuit to be a judge of the court established under section 103(a) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1803(a)) for an initial term of 7 years; and (ii) designate a district court judge who is serving in a judicial district within the Fed-eral circuit and proposed by the chief judge of such circuit to be a judge of such court for an initial term of 4 years. (b) C
OURT OF REVIEW .—Section 103(b) of such Act is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Chief Justice’’ and in-serting ‘‘(1) Subject to paragraph (2), the Chief Justice’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) The Chief Justice may designate a dis-trict court judge or circuit court judge to a position on the court established under para-graph (1) only if at least 5 associate justices approve the designation of such individual.’’. SEC. 10. STUDY AND REPORT ON DIVERSITY AND REPRESENTATION ON THE FISA COURT AND THE FISA COURT OF RE-VIEW. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Committee on Intercircuit Assignments of the Judicial Conference of the United States shall conduct a study on how to ensure judges are appointed to the court established under subsection (a) of sec-tion 103 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1803) and the court established under subsection (b) of such section in a manner that ensures such courts are diverse and representative. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Committee on Intercircuit Assignments shall submit to Congress a report on the study carried out under subsection (a). 
SEC. 11. GROUNDS FOR DETERMINING INJURY IN FACT IN CIVIL ACTION RELATING TO SURVEILLANCE UNDER CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF FOREIGN INTEL-LIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a), as amended by sections 2, 3, 4, 5, and 8(b), is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(m) C
HALLENGES TO GOVERNMENT SUR-
VEILLANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
NJURY IN FACT .—In any claim in a civil action brought in a court of the United States relating to surveillance conducted under this section, the person asserting the claim has suffered an injury in fact if the person— ‘‘(A) has a reasonable basis to believe that the person’s communications will be ac-quired under this section; and ‘‘(B) has taken objectively reasonable steps to avoid surveillance under this section. ‘‘(2) R
EASONABLE BASIS .—A person shall be presumed to have demonstrated a reasonable basis to believe that the communications of the person will be acquired under this sec-tion if the profession of the person requires the person regularly to communicate foreign intelligence information with persons who— ‘‘(A) are not United States persons; and ‘‘(B) are located outside the United States. ‘‘(3) O
BJECTIVE STEPS .—A person shall be presumed to have taken objectively reason-able steps to avoid surveillance under this section if the person demonstrates that the steps were taken in reasonable response to rules of professional conduct or analogous professional rules.’’. 
SEC. 12. CLARIFICATION OF APPLICABILITY OF REQUIREMENT TO DECLASSIFY SIG-NIFICANT DECISIONS OF FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE COURT AND FOREIGN INTEL-LIGENCE SURVEILLANCE COURT OF REVIEW. 
Section 602 of the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1872) shall apply with respect to decisions, orders, and opinions described in subsection (a) of such section that were issued on, before, or after the date of the enactment of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Fulfilling Rights and Ensuring Effective Discipline Over Moni-toring Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–23). 
SEC. 13. CLARIFICATION REGARDING TREAT-MENT OF INFORMATION ACQUIRED UNDER FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
(a) D ERIVED DEFINED .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.003 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H153 January 11, 2018 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(q) For the purposes of notification provi-sions of this Act, information or evidence is ‘derived’ from an electronic surveillance, physical search, use of a pen register or trap and trace device, production of tangible things, or acquisition under this Act when the Government would not have originally possessed the information or evidence but for that electronic surveillance, physical search, use of a pen register or trap and trace device, production of tangible things, or acquisition, and regardless of any claim that the infor-mation or evidence is attenuated from the surveillance or search, would inevitably have been discovered, or was subsequently re-obtained through other means.’’. (2) P
OLICIES AND GUIDANCE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General and the Director of Na-tional Intelligence shall publish the fol-lowing: (i) Policies concerning the application of subsection (q) of section 101 of such Act, as added by paragraph (1). (ii) Guidance for all members of the intel-ligence community (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)) and all Federal agencies with law en-forcement responsibilities concerning the ap-plication of such subsection. (B) M
ODIFICATIONS .—Whenever the Attor-ney General and the Director modify a policy or guidance published under subparagraph (A), the Attorney General and the Director shall publish such modifications. (b) U
SE OF INFORMATION ACQUIRED UNDER  T
ITLE VII.—Section 706 of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1881e) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘, except for the purposes of subsection (j) of such sec-tion’’; and (2) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) I
NFORMATION ACQUIRED UNDER SEC-
TIONS 703–705.—Information acquired from an acquisition conducted under section 703, 704, or 705 shall be deemed to be information ac-quired from an electronic surveillance pursu-ant to title I for the purposes of section 106.’’. 
SEC. 14. LIMITATION ON TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE FROM ELECTRONIC COMMUNICA-TION SERVICE PROVIDERS UNDER THE FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SUR-VEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
Section 702(h)(1) of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a(h)(1)) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and moving such clauses 2 ems to the right; (2) by striking ‘‘With respect to’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), in carrying out’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) L
IMITATIONS .—The Attorney General or the Director of National Intelligence may not request assistance from an electronic communication service provider under sub-paragraph (A) without demonstrating, to the satisfaction of the Court, that the assistance sought— ‘‘(i) is necessary; ‘‘(ii) is narrowly tailored to the surveil-lance at issue; and ‘‘(iii) would not pose an undue burden on the electronic communication service pro-vider or its customers who are not an in-tended target of the surveillance. ‘‘(C) C
OMPLIANCE .—An electronic commu-nication service provider is not obligated to comply with a directive to provide assist-ance under this paragraph unless— ‘‘(i) such assistance is a manner or method that has been explicitly approved by the Court; and ‘‘(ii) the Court issues an order, which has been delivered to the provider, explicitly de-scribing the assistance to be furnished by the provider that has been approved by the Court.’’. SEC. 15. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITIES FOR PUBLIC REPORTING BY PERSONS SUBJECT TO NONDISCLOSURE RE-QUIREMENT ACCOMPANYING ORDER UNDER FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF AGGREGATION BAND-
ING.—Subsection (a) of section 604 of the For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1874) is amended— (1) by striking paragraphs (1) through (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) A semiannual report that aggregates the number of orders, directives, or national security letters with which the person was required to comply into separate categories of— ‘‘(A) the number of national security let-ters received, reported— ‘‘(i) for the first 1000 national security let-ters received, in bands of 200 starting with 1– 200; and ‘‘(ii) for more than 1000 national security letters received, the precise number of na-tional security letters received; ‘‘(B) the number of customer selectors tar-geted by national security letters, reported— ‘‘(i) for the first 1000 customer selectors targeted, in bands of 200 starting with 1–200; and ‘‘(ii) for more than 1000 customer selectors targeted, the precise number of customer se-lectors targeted; ‘‘(C) the number of orders or directives re-ceived, combined, under this Act for con-tents— ‘‘(i) reported— ‘‘(I) for the first 1000 orders and directives received, in bands of 200 starting with 1–200; and ‘‘(II) for more than 1000 orders and direc-tives received, the precise number of orders received; and ‘‘(ii) disaggregated by whether the order or directive was issued under section 105, 402, 501, 702, 703, or 704; ‘‘(D) the number of customer selectors tar-geted under orders or directives received, combined, under this Act for contents— ‘‘(i) reported— ‘‘(I) for the first 1000 customer selectors targeted, in bands of 200 starting with 1–200; and ‘‘(II) for more than 1000 customer selectors targeted, the precise number of customer se-lectors targeted; and ‘‘(ii) disaggregated by whether the order or directive was issued under section 105, 402, 501, 702, 703, or 704; ‘‘(E) the number of orders or directives re-ceived under this Act for noncontents— ‘‘(i) reported— ‘‘(I) for the first 1000 orders or directives received, in bands of 200 starting with 1–200; and ‘‘(II) for more than 1000 orders or directives received, the precise number of orders re-ceived; and ‘‘(ii) disaggregated by whether the order or directive was issued under section 105, 402, 501, 702, 703, or 704; and ‘‘(F) the number of customer selectors tar-geted under orders or directives under this Act for noncontents— ‘‘(i) reported— ‘‘(I) for the first 1000 customer selectors targeted, in bands of 200 starting with 1–200; and ‘‘(II) for more than 1000 customer selectors targeted, the precise number of customer se-lectors targeted; and ‘‘(ii) disaggregated by whether the order or directive was issued under section 105, 402, 501, 702, 703, or 704.’’; and (2) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (2). (b) ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES .—Such section is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (b) through (d) as subsections (c) through (e), re-spectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) A
DDITIONAL DISCLOSURES .—A person who publicly reports information under sub-section (a) may also publicly report the fol-lowing information, relating to the previous 180 days, using a semiannual report that in-dicates whether the person was or was not required to comply with an order, directive, or national security letter issued under each of sections 105, 402, 501, 702, 703, and 704 and the provisions listed in section 603(e)(3).’’. 
SEC. 16. ANNUAL PUBLICATION OF STATISTICS ON NUMBER OF PERSONS TAR-GETED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES UNDER CERTAIN FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978 AUTHORITY. 
Not less frequently than once each year, the Director of National Intelligence shall publish the following: (1) A description of the subject matter of each of the certifications provided under subsection (g) of section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a) in the last calendar year. (2) Statistics revealing the number of per-sons targeted in the last calendar year under subsection (a) of such section, disaggregated by certification under which the person was targeted. 
SEC. 17. REPEAL OF NONAPPLICABILITY TO FED-ERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION OF CERTAIN REPORTING REQUIRE-MENTS UNDER FOREIGN INTEL-LIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
Section 603(d)(2) of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1873(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘(A) F
ED-
ERAL BUREAU ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Paragraph (3)(B) of’’ and inserting ‘‘Para-graph (3)(B)’’. 
SEC. 18. PUBLICATION OF ESTIMATES REGARD-ING COMMUNICATIONS COLLECTED UNDER CERTAIN PROVISION OF FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SURVEIL-LANCE ACT OF 1978. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall pub-lish an estimate of— (1) the number of United States persons whose communications are collected under section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a); or (2) the number of communications col-lected under such section to which a party is a person inside the United States. (b) I
NCASE OF TECHNICAL IMPOSSIBILITY .— If the Director determines that publishing an estimate pursuant to subsection (a) is not technically possible— (1) subsection (a) shall not apply; and (2) the Director shall publish an assess-ment in unclassified form explaining such determination, but may submit a classified annex to the appropriate committees of Con-gress as necessary. (c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the congressional intelligence commit-tees (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.003 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH154 January 11, 2018 
(2) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; and (3) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 19. FOUR-YEAR EXTENSION OF FISA AMEND-MENTS ACT OF 2008. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 403(b) of the FISA Amendments Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–261) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1) (50 U.S.C. 1881–1881g note), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2021’’; and (2) in paragraph (2) (18 U.S.C. 2511 note), in the material preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2021’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The heading of section 404(b)(1) of the FISA Amendments Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–261; 50 U.S.C. 1801 note) is amended by striking ‘‘D
ECEMBER 31 , 
2017’’ and inserting ‘‘S EPTEMBER 30 , 2021’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 682, the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. A
MASH ) and a Member opposed each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, my amendment re-places the underlying bill with the USA RIGHTS Act. Like the base bill, under the USA RIGHTS Act, the gov-ernment can still use section 702 for its purpose of surveilling foreigners over-seas; and the government can continue to store, share, and access that data to investigate national security threats. The key difference is, in USA RIGHTS, it has to do with the collec-tion and use of innocent Americans’ data, not foreign intelligence. This means the amendment cannot harm section 702 programs if, as the govern-ment says, they are designed solely for foreign intelligence rather than domes-tic surveillance on Americans. We all want the intelligence commu-nity to be able to do its job, and I have offered the USA RIGHTS amendment to give them the tools to collect for-eign intelligence while also protecting the Fourth Amendment. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Virginia is recognized for 10 minutes. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. This amendment, plain and simple, would disable 702, our most important national security tool. If passed, any chance of reform through the under-lying bill is dead on arrival in the United States Senate. We cannot risk 702 collection ending. This Chamber cannot be complicit in allowing terrorists to fly under the radar if this amendment kills 702, and I sincerely urge you to oppose the Amash amendment and not lose the op-portunity to successfully balance na-tional security and civil liberties, which is what the underlying bill does. We definitely need to have a move to-ward more protection of our Fourth Amendment rights, and a warrant re-quirement in domestic criminal cases and a requirement that if you are doing a national security investigation and you find that the information is useful in a criminal case and it is precluded from court are two major improve-ments to our 702 law that protect Americans’ civil liberties. This bill must be passed. It is abso-lutely essential for our protection. It surveys people outside of the United States who are not United States citi-zens. The fact that it collects inci-dental information about U.S. citizens should not be a prohibition on this ef-fort. But if you apply this amendment, you are not going to be able to have our national intelligence officials look-ing at this information carefully, and they are going to have to, in many in-stances, get a warrant when they need to act because they think it is a na-tional security concern. A warrant ei-ther will be unattainable or it will be in a circumstance where it is too late, and, in both instances, we cannot allow that. This bill provides balance. That bill goes too far. The amendment goes too far. I urge my colleagues to oppose it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. L
OFGREN ). Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, it is im-portant that we pass this amendment. The government conducts 702 searches and broadly defines foreign intelligence investigations that may have no nexus to national security, and we are using this database for just criminal inves-tigations that are domestic. When you say ‘‘incidental collec-tion,’’ it sounds like it is not much. Well, the fact is it is a huge amount of data in its content. What this amend-ment says is: if you are going to search for the information of an American who has been collected in that data-base and it is not terrorism but domes-tic criminal investigation, get a war-rant. Get a warrant. That is what the Fourth Amendment requires. Now, I took exception to the com-ment that 702 would go dark. We know that this existing FISA order goes through April, so the 702 program is not going dark. We have time to do this right. We have time to make sure that the Fourth Amendment is adhered to in the reauthorization of 702. Put the ‘‘foreign’’ back in the FISA bill. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. S
TEWART ). Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, before I begin, I want to emphasize how dis-mayed I am by the amount of disinformation being propagated by op-ponents of section 702. I have heard some things over the last couple of days, and I just wonder, how in the world can someone believe that. Let me tell you why this amendment must be opposed. Under the USA RIGHTS Act, the intelligence commu-nity would not be able to query the name of the suspected terrorist sup-porter in the United States to see if he is in contact with terrorist recruiters. It would not be able to query the name of a person in the United States who has been suspiciously approaching U.S. Government employees with security clearances to determine if that person is part of a foreign espionage network. We would not be able to query the name of a registered owner of a sus-picious vehicle parked in front of the Washington Monument to see if that person is in contact with terrorist operatives overseas. We would not be able to query the name of a person in the aftermath of a mass casualty at-tack on the United States to see if he has terrorist connections, or as a fol-low on, if potential follow-on attacks are imminent. We would not be able to query the name of a foreign national who travels to the United States to take flight training but doesn’t care about learn-ing how to land. Individuals in this room who want to end section 702 know that they have an opportunity to do with their vote, but they would be putting troops and American lives at risk. And if that is okay with you, then go ahead and vote for the USA RIGHTS Act amendment, but I promise you, you will regret it when, some day, in this dangerous world we live in, we have to answer to our constituents for our votes here today. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, my amendment protects the rights of Americans consistent with the Con-stitution. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE). b1030 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, we are not talking about terrorism. We are talking about the protection of Americans and their information. All of the rhetoric and the fear tactics that this will destroy our ability to go after terrorists is wrong. The USA RIGHTS Act is important to protect Americans. The other side talks about protecting Americans. Let’s protect their Fourth Amendment rights. We can protect them against terrorists if we amend this legislation with the USA RIGHTS Act and protect their rights under the Fourth Amend-ment. Every American’s data is being seized by the Justice Department, the CIA, and the NSA. We have asked them how many times that has been queried. They will not tell us because the infor-mation is massive. All we are saying under the USA RIGHTS Act is that, if you want to go into that information on Americans, get a warrant from a judge, not a query. You can’t go search it. Get a warrant under the Fourth Amendment or stay out of that information and still go after terrorists under 702 and under FISA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.003 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H155 January 11, 2018 
We need to have this amendment to make the bill better to protect Ameri-cans overseas and at home. And that is just the way it is. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. S
CHIFF ). Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the amendment. I respect and share the sponsor’s commitment to privacy and civil liberties, but this amendment would go vastly beyond the legislation advanced by either the Intelligence Committee or the Judiciary Com-mittee. It would prevent the intel-ligence community from querying law-fully collected 702 information, even in situations directly related to counter-terrorism and national security. It would make section 702 a far less effec-tive tool at a significant cost to the na-tional security of the United States. The amendment would require a probable cause warrant or its equiva-lent before the government can query lawfully collected 702 data in an effort to find communications concerning someone who may be a U.S. person or a foreign person located in the United States even when such person is com-municating with foreign terrorists or intelligence targets. Probable cause will be lacking in many, if not most, intelligence and counterterrorism contexts. In such sit-uations, the USA RIGHTS Act would prevent the government from detecting and disrupting plots against Americans or identifying and preventing foreign espionage on our soil. It would also require publication of information related to 702 certifi-cations that would disclose the sources and methods of intelligence gathering, imperilling our ability to obtain for-eign intelligence information. That, to me, poses an intolerably high risk. Instead, the underlying bill strikes a far better compromise. In the under-lying bill, a warrant would be required in most nonnational security and non-terrorism cases when there is an open investigation. In the absence of such a warrant, the bill provides that evidence that would be obtained would be ex-cluded from use in court. That seems, to me, a very sensible balance: requiring a warrant in most nonnational security and nonterrorism cases and providing, in the absence of such a warrant in an open investiga-tion, that information or evidence would be barred from use in court. That addresses the gravamen of the concern over this program that it could be used for fishing expeditions against ordinary Americans. This amendment, on the other hand, would largely crip-ple the program. Mr. Speaker, for that reason, I urge opposition to the amend-ment and support for the underlying bill. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ). Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, any re-sponsible effort to authorize section 702 must pass three tests: It must include a meaningful warrant requirement; It must end the ‘‘abouts’’ collection until Congress says otherwise; and It must not restrict the government’s ability to collect intelligence on valid targets operating outside of the United States. The underlying bill does not include a meaningful warrant requirement, and it does not end ‘‘abouts’’ collection. The Amash-Lofgren amendment, on the other hand, passes all three tests: It includes a warrant agreement that comports with the Fourth Amendment; It puts an end to ‘‘abouts’’ collection; and It leaves the core functionality of section 702 perfectly intact. It would be harder to use this authority to spy on United States citizens, but the govern-ment’s ability to gather intelligence on suspected terrorists and others over-seas will not be affected. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to adopt this amendment and make a meaningful change to section 702. Mr. Speaker, I thank the many spon-sors of this amendment for their lead-ership in this important fight. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RUPPERSBERGER ). Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speak-er, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment being offered and in support of the underlying bill and the increased oversight in transparency it provides to the body of the intelligence commu-nity and the American public that it protects. I thank the ranking member and also Chairman G
OODLATTE for allowing me to have this time. Mr. Speaker, I want Americans at home to know what this program is not. It is not a dragnet surveillance program; it is not a program that could ever be used to target Americans; and it is not an unchecked intelligence tool. In fact, it may be one of the most heavily overseen programs that we have. This bill strengthens that ac-countability. As former ranking member of the In-telligence Committee and Representa-tive of the district that is home to NSA, I have taken many of my col-leagues in this Chamber on trips to NSA so that they can see firsthand how these programs work to protect Ameri-cans and also to protect our freedom and civil liberties. This is not a debate on constitu-tionality. The Federal courts have af-firmed that this program’s current au-thorization and operation are legal and consistent with the Fourth Amend-ment. This body has voted several times with bipartisan majorities to re-authorize it. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. T
EDLIEU). Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, let me make this issue really simple for the American people: spying on foreigners without following the Constitution, that is okay; spying on Americans without following the Con-stitution, that is not okay. The Fourth Amendment does not have an asterisk that says our intel-ligence agencies don’t have to follow it. The Constitution applies to all of government. That is why I support the USA RIGHTS Act. Support this amendment. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ). Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to op-pose this amendment—I think it is in the wrong direction—and to support the underlying bill. The bill, I think, strikes a balance. Americans cherish and strongly want us to protect their privacy. We all agree on that, and I think this bill threads the needle. The underlying bill protects our Fourth Amendment through the FISA process through this improved effort. We know we live in a dangerous world. Terrorism is a constant threat that we all clearly understand. When we take our oath of office, we swear to protect and defend our Nation from all enemies, foreign and domestic. I be-lieve this underlying bill does that with increased transparency. Clearly, it is not perfect. We never vote on any perfect legislation. But this is an improved piece of legislation. The amendment is an overreach in the wrong direction. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the underlying bill. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ). Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speak-er, when James Madison wrote the Constitution and the Bill of Rights, one of his overriding concerns was to prevent any branch of the three in gov-ernment from becoming too powerful. That is why he put the checks and bal-ances in the Constitution, so that the other branches could oversee and make sure that a branch that was trying to push the edge of the envelope would not be able to succeed in that. The warrant amendment that has been talked about quite a bit today during the debate really is not effec-tive. It is nothing at all. It ends up put-ting James Madison’s legacy into the trash bin of history, and it does not de-serve to go there. Yesterday, The Washington Post re-ported that FBI officials told aides of Mr. N
ADLER that, under the proposed bill—meaning the underlying bill— they anticipate rarely, if ever, needing permission from the FISC to review query results. So this warrant require-ment of the supporters of the bill and the opponents of the amendment basi-cally doesn’t mean anything at all be-cause the FBI told Mr. N
ADLER ’s aides that that was the case. Now, we have a debate here today on whether to put the F back into the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. The F means ‘‘foreign.’’ That is why 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.020 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH156 January 11, 2018 
the amendment should be adopted, or, if it fails, then the underlying bill should be defeated. This is a time to stand up for the oath of office that every one of us took a year ago to protect and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domes-tic. The only way we can do that today is by supporting the Amash amend-ment and defeating the underlying bill. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, may I in-quire as to how much time each side has remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Michigan has 3
3⁄4minutes remaining. The gentleman from Vir-ginia has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. W
ENSTRUP ). Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I op-pose the amendment and support the underlying bill. I served a year in Iraq, and every day we got foreign intelligence information to us. Why? Because it helped us pre-pare. It helped us plan. It helped us deter. It helped us save American lives—not only the lives of our troops in theater, but the lives of people at home. I am all in favor of protecting Amer-ican citizens and their privacy; do not get me wrong. I hope that, in the infor-mation we collected in theater, there were no Americans involved. But guess what this amendment will do. It will virtually guarantee that ter-rorists are going to make sure that they have an American, complicit or otherwise, involved with every one of their communications, email, or through a phone call. Why? Because that protects them. That will protect terrorists. That is what this amendment would do. That is why I oppose the amend-ment and stand in favor of the under-lying bill. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, my amendment protects the rights of Americans consistent with the Con-stitution. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. D
AVIDSON ). Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Amash amendment and in strong opposition to the under-lying bill. As a former Army ranger, I know the importance of section 702 in defeating the enemies of our country. The for-eign enemies of our country are not subject to the protections of our Con-stitution; American citizens, however, are. The supporters of the underlying bill would have you believe that the only way to secure America is by ignoring the Fourth Amendment, and I strongly disagree. It is the data of American citizens that is at subject here. The Fourth Amendment does not change when communications shift from the Postal Service, also in the hands of the government, to a database. It should be protected by the Fourth Amendment. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge support of the Amash amendment. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, Congress has sometimes made the dif-ficult job of the intelligence commu-nity harder by not providing adequate controls and oversight. We have cre-ated a vast Department of Homeland Security, a vast security sprawling in-telligence network that results in the collection of data that my friend, Mr. P
OE, talked about. Yes, warrants can sometimes be inconvenient, but we have judged it as a small price to pay to protect Americans from government overreach. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support this amendment. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ). Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, service-members in the combat zone depend on 702 to keep them safe. 702 must con-tinue to gather information on foreign terrorists to keep us and servicemem-bers safe. However, Americans in uni-form serve to preserve an ideal that the Constitution protects the rights of Americans. The bill, unamended, enshrines in law the abuse of the Fourth Amend-ment rights of American citizens, and it just cannot happen. This is not only about criminal prosecution but about political persecution. Mr. Speaker, that abuse and the asso-ciated persecution is unfolding on the front pages and on TV right before us today. Don’t lower the bar any further. Vote to preserve the rights of Amer-ican citizens. Vote for this amendment. b1045 Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, may I in-quire how much time I have remain-ing? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Michigan has 1
3⁄4minutes remaining. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, I yield 15 seconds to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. G
ARRETT ). Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the patron of this amendment for yielding. Mr. Speaker, we have covered many things in the past year, to include tax policy, healthcare, helping eviscerate ISIS, but I would argue this is the most important moment in the time that I have been in this building. Not only is the Fourth Amendment at stake, so, too, I would argue, are due process under the Fifth and Four-teenth. We must stand strong for individual liberty and privacy. That is who we are as a nation. If we do not put the ‘‘F’’ back in FISA, it becomes ISA, and all eyes are on you. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, this body cannot be afraid of the Con-stitution. It has been our guiding moral force for this Nation for all of our beginnings and our nows. This amendment is truly an amend-ment that will protect and provide for the FBI to do its work and to protect our men and women around the world who are wearing the uniform unself-ishly. But let me be very clear: all this amendment does, frankly, is provide a roadmap for the FBI to utilize when it is surveying and it is using the private data of Americans. All the amendment does is ask the FBI and the Attorney General, where there is probable cause, that such communication provide evi-dence of a crime; and, as well, if there is a foreign power or foreign agent, to be able to utilize a warrant, and that is the protection of the Fourth Amend-ment. Uphold the Constitution. Vote for the Amash-Lofgren amendment and let’s move forward on this legislation. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, may I in-quire as to whether the gentleman has additional speakers? Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time is remaining on each side? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Virginia has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Michi-gan has 1 minute remaining. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds. Mr. Speaker, let me pose a hypo-thetical about the Amash amendment. In the criminal world, if an FBI agent is told through a tip that someone has just purchased unusual amounts of fer-tilizer that could be used to make a bomb, the Amash amendment would prevent that FBI agent from looking at the FBI’s databases to determine if the suspicious individual’s email address or other identifier—not the content of the email, just the email address or identi-fier—is located in the 702 database. What would the American people say if we hamper our law enforcement from protecting them? What would people of this country say if we had another Murrah Building blow up and the FBI couldn’t look at even an email address? Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against this amendment. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, may I in-quire as to how much time each side has remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Michigan has 1 minute re-maining. The gentleman from Virginia has 1 minute remaining. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, I am pre-pared to close, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the underlying bill and the USA RIGHTS amendment present a stark choice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.021 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H157 January 11, 2018 
The underlying bill allows the gov-ernment to warrantlessly collect an as-tounding volume of Americans’ com-munications, makes no material re-forms to the collection and use of that data against Americans, and explicitly allows even more surveillance than the law currently permits. In contrast, USA RIGHTS allows the government to conduct broad foreign surveillance and share intelligence throughout the relevant agencies, but it also adds protections to prevent the erosion of Americans’ Fourth Amend-ment rights. These are two very different options, Mr. Speaker, but for all of us who care about civil liberties, who believe the United States can protect itself with-out retiring the Fourth Amendment, and who believe Congress has an inde-pendent obligation to protect the Con-stitution, the choice is clear: support the USA RIGHTS amendment. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN), the Speaker of the House. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, first, I just want to say to all my col-leagues that I respect the passionate views that are on display here. I think this has been a very passionate and in-teresting debate. What I would like to do is try and bring a little clarity to this debate. I want to thank the minority leader for coming up and speaking against the Amash amendment and in favor of the underlying bipartisan amendment. We, on a bipartisan basis, have been working with the Senate and the White House to get this right, to add even more privacy protections to the law, even more than the status quo, to add the warrant requirement that this un-derlying bill has. Let me try and clear up some of the confusion. There has been wide report-ing and discussion here in the House about parts of the FISA statute that affect citizens. It is a big law. It is a big statute with lots of pieces. Title I of the FISA law is what you see in the news that applies to U.S. citizens. That is not what we are talking about here. This is Title VII, section 702. This is about foreign terrorists on foreign soil. That is what this is about. So let’s clear up some of the confusion here. Let me give you two examples of what this program has done to keep our people safe, two declassified exam-ples. Number one, this program, in March of 2016, gave us the intelligence we needed to go after and kill ISIS’ fi-nance minister, because of the intel-ligence collected under this program, a foreign terrorist on foreign soil, the number two man at ISIS who was in line to become the next leader. This program helped us get the information to stop him. I came here before 9/11. I remember hearing upon hearing in the 9/11 Com-mission about the old firewall. We were seeing what was going on overseas, ter-rorists like Osama bin Laden in Af-ghanistan were doing all these things, and we couldn’t pass that information on to our authorities here in America. We had this firewall that prevented us from connecting the dots. That was the big phrase we used back then in the early 2000s. If we pass the Amash amendment, we bring that firewall right back up. You pass the Amash amendment and defeat this underlying bill, we go back to those days where we are flying blind on protecting our country from terrorism. Let me give Members an example. This program has not only stopped many attacks, but let me tell you about one: a plot in 2009 to blow up New York’s subway system. This was used to understand what people were planning overseas and what they were trying to do here in America so that we could connect the dots and stop that particular terrorist attack. That is why this has to be renewed. That is why, among many other rea-sons, section 702, a program designed to go after foreign terrorists on foreign soil, is so essential. If this Amash amendment passes, it kills the pro-gram. If this underlying bill fails, there is one of two things that will happen. The status quo will be continued, meaning no additional privacy protections, no warrant requirement—status quo. That doesn’t do anything to advance the concerns that have been voiced on the floor or, even worse, we go dark; 702 goes down. We don’t know what the terrorists are up to. We can’t send that information to our authorities to pre-vent terrorist attacks. The con-sequences are really high. One of the most important things we are placed in charge to do is to make decisions, not based on TV, not based on internet, but based on facts, based on reality, and we are supposed to make those decisions to keep our coun-try safe. This strikes the balance that we must have between honoring and pro-tecting privacy rights of U.S. citizens, honoring civil liberties, and making sure that we have the tools we need in this day and age of 21st century ter-rorism to keep our people safe. That is what this does. That is why I ask ev-eryone, on a bipartisan basis, to vote ‘‘no’’ on the Amash amendment and to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the underlying bill. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended, and on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. A
MASH ). The question is on the amendment by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. A
MASH ). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on adoption of the amendment will be followed by 5- minute votes on: A motion to commit, if ordered; Passage of the bill, if ordered; and The motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 4578. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 183, nays 233, not voting 16, as follows: [Roll No. 14] YEAS—183 
Amash Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Beyer Biggs Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brat Brooks (AL) Budd Burgess Butterfield Capuano Carson (IN) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Comer Connolly Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Evans Farenthold Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Harris Hastings Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Krishnamoorthi Labrador Lamborn Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lofgren Loudermilk Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Massie Mast Matsui McClintock McCollum McGovern McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meeks Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Norman O’Rourke Pallone Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Posey Price (NC) Raskin Richmond Rohrabacher Rokita Roybal-Allard Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wittman Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Zeldin 
NAYS—233 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Bera Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blunt Rochester Bost Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.023 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH158 January 11, 2018 
Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Delaney Demings Denham Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Dunn Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gibbs Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Hartzler Heck Hensarling Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (PA) Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lance Langevin Latta Lawson (FL) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall McCarthy McCaul McEachin McKinley McSally Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Paulsen Pelosi Peters Peterson Pittenger Poliquin Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (WI) Schiff Schneider Scott, Austin Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Young (IA) 
NOT VOTING—16 
Adams Babin Carbajal Ca´rdenas Cummings DeSaulnier Hanabusa Huffman Kind McHenry McNerney Nolan Pascrell Rush Scalise Wilson (FL) 
b1116 Ms. SINEMA, Messrs. THOMPSON of California, FRELINGHUYSEN, MARCHANT, and Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. WALZ, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Messrs. O’ROURKE, WELCH, and MEEKS changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be read a third time, and was read the third time. MOTION TO COMMIT  
Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to commit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. HIMES. I am opposed to the bill in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to com-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Himes moves to commit S. 139 to the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: Page 4, line 3, strike ‘‘predicated’’. Page 4, line 4, strike ‘‘opened’’. Page 6, line 21, insert ‘‘or’’ after the semi-colon. Page 7, line 5, strike ‘‘; or’’ and all that fol-lows through line 12 and insert a period. Page 42, strike lines 15 through 19 (and re-designate the subsequent paragraphs accord-ingly). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Connecticut is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, members of the Intelligence Committee, on which few of us have an opportunity to serve, lead very odd lives. Every single day, we descend in the bowels of this Cap-itol, four floors down. We surrender our iPhones, we surrender our Black-Berrys, and we go into windowless rooms where, on a daily basis, we hear about some of the most grotesque threats to American safety and inter-ests that you can imagine: threats to American lives, threats to American interests, and threats to our very way of life. We see, every day, how essential 702 authorities are. The intelligence that we gather under this authority is crit-ical to our safety, our security, and our lives. It saves lives. This program can-not be interrupted, and, if it is, God forbid, we will have much to answer for. Even if this motion fails, the base bill, to those of you with substantial civil liberties concerns—and I count myself amongst you—the base bill makes important and meaningful civil liberties improvements over the status quo. I deeply appreciate the efforts of many in this Chamber that oppose this bill, the efforts that they have made. Each and every one of us swears an oath to protect and defend the Con-stitution, and no one should ever be criticized for working hard to make sure that that process is served; not Mr. N
ADLER , not Ms. L OFGREN , not Mr. A
MASH , not Mr. P OE. Mr. Speaker, I have spent much of the last several days trying to improve this bill with respect to civil liberties. I presented amendments to the Rules Committee which were, sadly, not made in order. But the fact is that these protections exist. There are strict processes and procedures in place at the FBI as to how exactly U.S.-person information can be queried and used. On top of that, the entire 702 program is reviewed by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, the PCLOB, and is subject to meaningful congressional oversight by each and every one of us. To authorize this program each year, a Federal judge must find it has met all statutory requirements and is con-sistent with the Fourth Amendment. Mr. Speaker, three district courts and the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals have deemed this program constitu-tional. But, Mr. Speaker, no bill is perfect, and so the motion I offer would encom-pass all FBI matters—not just predi-cated investigations, but all FBI mat-ters not related to national security— and require court orders founded on probable cause before the FBI could ac-cess U.S.-person information under 702. Mr. Speaker, this is a critical na-tional security asset. It is as important as our best operator, as our best tech-nology, as our most powerful weapons, and I appreciate the efforts that have been made to secure our civil liberties. This motion to commit pushes this bill slightly in that direction, building on the meaningful improvements to the status quo, and I urge its passage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I will just be really brief today. I want to thank all of my colleagues. There are a lot of strong opinions on both sides of the aisle on this issue, and we have taken many steps at the House Intelligence Committee to take Members out to the agencies that are doing this work. We have offered time for Members to come down to the SCIF to read all of the information because, at the end of the day, we all take the American peo-ple’s constitutional liberties seriously. I think the robust debate that has oc-curred in this House over the last year on this issue, through many markups, through many committees, and then even today on the floor here in the House of Representatives, has been a tough fight because it is a tough issue. But in closing, this really is a com-promise. We worked with the House Ju-diciary Committee for many months. I can’t thank Chairman GOODLATTE  enough for all of his very difficult work in trying to find a compromise. At the same time, the House Intelligence Committee, we have worked to come to a compromise with the Democrats on the other side of the aisle. So with all of that said, this is one of those days, if we get this bill passed, I think we can walk out of here proud that we all stood our ground for stances that we really believe in, but, at the end of the day, the House is going to work its will in a bipartisan manner. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.005 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H159 January 11, 2018 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to commit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to commit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 189, noes 227, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 15] AYES—189 
Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOES—227 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—15 
Adams Babin Carbajal Cummings DeSaulnier Garrett Griffith Hanabusa Kind McHenry McNerney Nolan Payne Scalise Wilson (FL) 
b1132 Messrs. RUSH, GOTTHEIMER, and GONZALEZ of Texas changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the motion to commit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 256, nays 164, not voting 12, as follows: [Roll No. 16] YEAS—256 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blunt Rochester Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Byrne Calvert Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Cheney Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davis, Rodney Delaney Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Donovan Dunn Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta Lawson (FL) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McEachin McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meehan Meeks Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Paulsen Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pittenger Poliquin Posey Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (WI) Schiff Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Wenstrup Westerman Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.029 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH160 January 11, 2018 
NAYS—164 
Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Beyer Biggs Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brat Buck Budd Burgess Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Correa Courtney Crowley Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garrett Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Harris Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Labrador Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lofgren Loudermilk Lowenthal Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McGovern Meadows Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Nadler Napolitano Neal Norman O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pearce Perry Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Price (NC) Raskin Richmond Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schrader Scott (VA) Sensenbrenner Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Smith (WA) Soto Speier Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Williams Yarmuth Yoder Yoho 
NOT VOTING—12 
Adams Babin Carbajal Cummings DeSaulnier Hanabusa Kind McHenry McNerney Nolan Scalise Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1139 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
COUNTER TERRORIST NETWORK ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4578) to authorize certain counter terrorist networks activities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 410, nays 2, not voting 19, as follows: [Roll No. 17] YEAS—410 
Abraham Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Guthrie Gutie´rrez Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—2 
Amash Massie 
NOT VOTING—19 
Adams Aderholt Babin Buchanan Calvert Carbajal Cummings DeSaulnier Gonzalez (TX) Green, Gene Grothman Hanabusa Kind McHenry McNerney Nolan Rooney, Thomas J. Scalise Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1145 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Lasky, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed a bill of the following title in which the concur-rence of the House is requested: 
S. 875. An act to require the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct a study and submit a report on filing require-ments under the Universal Service Fund pro-grams. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.008 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H161 January 11, 2018 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-CURITY BLUE CAMPAIGN AU-THORIZATION ACT Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Committee on the Judiciary be dis-charged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 4708) to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to issue Department of Homeland Secu-rity-wide guidance and develop train-ing programs as part of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security Blue Cam-paign, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4708 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Blue Campaign Au-thorization Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ENHANCED DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY COORDINATION THROUGH THE BLUE CAMPAIGN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 231 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 434. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECU-RITY BLUE CAMPAIGN. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘human trafficking’ means an act or practice described in paragraph (9) or (10) of section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established within the Department a program, which shall be known as the ‘Blue Campaign’. The Blue Campaign shall be headed by a Direc-tor, who shall be appointed by the Secretary. ‘‘(c) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Blue Campaign shall be to unify and coordinate Department efforts to address human traf-ficking. ‘‘(d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Secretary, working through the Director, shall, in ac-cordance with subsection (e)— ‘‘(1) issue Department-wide guidance to ap-propriate Department personnel; ‘‘(2) develop training programs for such personnel; ‘‘(3) coordinate departmental efforts, in-cluding training for such personnel; and ‘‘(4) provide guidance and training on trau-ma-informed practices to ensure that human trafficking victims are afforded prompt ac-cess to victim support service providers, in addition to the assistance required under section 107 of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105), to address their immediate and long-term needs. ‘‘(e) G
UIDANCE AND TRAINING .—The Blue Campaign shall provide guidance and train-ing to Department personnel and other Fed-eral, State, tribal, and law enforcement per-sonnel, as appropriate, regarding— ‘‘(1) programs to help identify instances of human trafficking; ‘‘(2) the types of information that should be collected and recorded in information technology systems utilized by the Depart-ment to help identify individuals suspected or convicted of human trafficking; ‘‘(3) systematic and routine information sharing within the Department and among Federal, State, tribal, and local law enforce-ment agencies regarding— ‘‘(A) individuals suspected or convicted of human trafficking; and ‘‘(B) patterns and practices of human traf-ficking; ‘‘(4) techniques to identify suspected vic-tims of trafficking along the United States border and at airport security checkpoints; ‘‘(5) methods to be used by the Transpor-tation Security Administration and per-sonnel from other appropriate agencies to— ‘‘(A) train employees of the Transportation Security Administration to identify sus-pected victims of trafficking; and ‘‘(B) serve as a liaison and resource regard-ing human trafficking prevention to appro-priate State, local, and private sector avia-tion workers and the traveling public; ‘‘(6) utilizing resources, such as indicator cards, fact sheets, pamphlets, posters, bro-chures, and radio and television campaigns to— ‘‘(A) educate partners and stakeholders; and ‘‘(B) increase public awareness of human trafficking; ‘‘(7) leveraging partnerships with State and local governmental, nongovernmental, and private sector organizations to raise public awareness of human trafficking; and ‘‘(8) any other activities the Secretary de-termines necessary to carry out the Blue Campaign.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 433 the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘Sec. 434. Department of Homeland Security Blue Campaign.’’. 
SEC. 3. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall ensure, in accord-ance with the Department of Homeland Se-curity-wide guidance required under section 434(d) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 2 of this Act, the integra-tion of information technology systems uti-lized within the Department to record and track information regarding individuals sus-pected or convicted of human trafficking (as such term is defined in such section). 
SEC. 4. REPORT. 
Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a report that— (1) describes the status and effectiveness of the Department of Homeland Security Blue Campaign under section 434 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 2 of this Act; and (2) provides a recommendation regarding the appropriate office within the Department of Homeland Security for the Blue Cam-paign. 
SEC. 5. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated $819,000 to carry out section 434 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002, as added by section 2. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ), my friend and the major-ity leader, for the purpose of inquiring about the schedule for the week to come. (Mr. M
CCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, no votes are expected in the House. On Tuesday, the House will meet at noon for morn-ing hour and 2 p.m. for legislative busi-ness. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m. On Wednesday and Thursday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Friday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m. Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be an-nounced by close of business tomorrow. In addition, the House will consider two measures from the Financial Serv-ices Committee: first, H.R. 2954, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Adjustment Act, sponsored by Representative T
OM E
MMER . This bill would provide tar-geted regulatory relief to our local community banks and credit unions; second, H.R. 3326, the World Bank Ac-countability Act, sponsored by Rep-resentative A
NDYBARR. Mr. Speaker, next week, our Nation’s Capital will also welcome tens of thou-sands of Americans to Washington for the annual March for Life. In conjunc-tion, the House will vote on H.R. 4712, the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Pro-tection Act, sponsored by Representa-tive M
ARSHA BLACKBURN . This bill sim-ply states that doctors must provide medical care to any child born alive after a failed abortion. Finally, Mr. Speaker, additional leg-islative items are expected, including legislation to address government funding and other expiring priorities. I will be sure to inform all Members as soon as any additional items are added to our schedule. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for that information. I presume the CR, or continuing reso-lution, is anticipated, as the gentleman referenced. Is that accurate? Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. As the gentleman knows, we have been in discussions to try to get a budget agreement. We have hopes we can get that done this time. If we are able to get that budget agreement, we will need some time for the appropri-ators to do their work, so we would have a continuing resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.035 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH162 January 11, 2018 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for that. Will that continuing resolution be clean, from the gentleman’s stand-point—that is to say, it will not in-clude other items on it—or does the gentleman have any anticipation that other items might be included on that? Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I am hoping he is asking this ques-tion so he will return and start voting for this. But in the past, that has been what we have done, the last two, and I don’t see any change in what we are moving forward with now. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman and I had the opportunity to be at the White House with the President earlier this week. He and I are attempting to work on seeing if we can make sure that we protect our DREAMers. I think we saw a unanimous opinion in the White House among the 17 Republicans and 7 or 8 Democrats who were there that it ought to be done. I was pleased the President said that it ought to be done, and ought to be done quickly. I appre-ciate the gentleman’s efforts on that score. Obviously, we also need to do some-thing with the Children’s Health Insur-ance Program. We have talked about that before. We need to do something with re-spect to the supplemental for Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, as well as Florida and Texas. Obviously, we passed a supplemental here, and it did not pass in the Senate. Hopefully, the Senate will address that, and we can address it coming back across the aisle. In addition, we are going to have to, as the gentleman referred to, establish caps. We still, at this late hour, late date, do not have a figure for the Ap-propriations Committee to use in terms of what they will mark their bills to. You mentioned it, but does the gentleman have any update or degree of confidence that will be done within the next few days? Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, the negotiations have been progressing further, as they have for the last month or so. I believe, as we both know, in the need of this fund-ing for our military. I believe that the military should not be held hostage for any other issue. So I believe we can get to a solution here, and I am hopeful that those who have been negotiating can find com-mon ground in the next day or two so that we can move forward. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, nobody has any inten-tion, of course, of holding the military hostage. Secretary Mattis and his prede-cessors have all believed that a CR is damaging to the military’s ability to move forward and plan. I would suggest to my friend, the majority leader, Mr. Speaker, that it is equally damaging to the nondefense side of the budget. Ad-ministrators and secretaries cannot plan for what resources they will have a month out, 2 months out, or until September 30 and the end of the fiscal year. Reaching agreement is important on both sides of the budget. In addition, I would respectfully hope that we can pursue the policy and agreement that we made and on which Speaker RYANwas a principal on your side of the aisle and Senator M
URRAY  was the principal on our side of the aisle and reached agreement on the parity of increase—not parity of ex-penditures, because we spend more on defense, but parity of increase. Mr. Speaker, I would hope we could pursue that. It would accelerate agreement on how we are going forward. I know the gentleman is going to be working on both of those efforts. I ap-preciate that and look forward to working with him. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that when the House ad-journs today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ). Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from North Carolina? There was no objection. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 2018, TO TUESDAY, JANUARY 16, 2018 Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that when the House ad-journs tomorrow, Friday, January 12, 2018, it adjourn to meet on Tuesday next, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for leg-islative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from North Carolina? There was no objection. 
f 
DIRECTING THE SECRETARY OF THE SENATE TO MAKE A COR-RECTION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF THE BILL S. 139 Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I send to the desk a concurrent resolution and ask unanimous consent for its imme-diate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 98 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That in the enrollment of the bill S. 139, the Secretary of the Senate shall make the following correction: Amend the long title so as to read: ‘‘An Act to amend the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 to improve foreign intelligence collection and the safeguards, account-ability, and oversight of acquisitions of for-eign intelligence, to extend title VII of such Act, and for other purposes.’’. The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RESIGNATION AS CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following resigna-tion as chairman of the Committee on the Budget: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, January 10, 2018. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER , It has been my great honor to serve as Chairman of the Budget Committee in the U.S. House of Representa-tives. I am proud that we completed our work when the House passed the most con-servative budget in two decades, with $203 billion in cuts to mandatory spending and paved the way for tax reform. While I do wish the Senate had adopted our resolution, I believe that we have begun to change the culture of excessive spending in Washington. With the FY18 Budget and tax reform com-plete, I am now respectfully stepping down as Chair of the House Budget Committee, ef-fective Thursday, January 11, 2018. Last summer, I announced that I would run for Governor of Tennessee in 2018. I had previously forestalled that decision to de-vote myself to the duties of serving as Budg-et Committee Chair in 2017—an opportunity that I did not foresee, but one that I felt hon-ored and committed to undertake to ensure this House Republican majority passed a bold, conservative and balanced budget. I would like to thank President Trump and Vice President Pence for their support of our House budget and leading the way on tax re-form. It has been an honor working closely with both of them this year. I am grateful to the people of the Sixth District for giving me the privilege of fighting on their behalf in Congress. Sincerely, D
IANE BLACK , Member of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the resignation is accepted. There was no objection. 
f 
RESIGNATION AS MEMBER OF COMMITTEE ON ETHICS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following resigna-tion as a member of the Committee on Ethics: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, January 10, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN: Thank you for the privilege of serving for the past 5 years on the House Ethics Committee. While few, if any, members seek this assignment, the collegiality of the members coupled with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.036 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H163 January 11, 2018 
seriousness of the jurisdiction have made it an experience I will treasure. When I became Chairperson of the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform I knew I would not be able to keep all other committee assignments to include Judiciary, Intelligence and Ethics. Four committee as-signments, including a Chairmanship, is a challenging workload. I was happy to finish out the calendar year and conclude some matters then pending be-fore the Committee. Accordingly, I tender my resignation from the House Ethics Committee pending your designation of a replacement. Thank you again for this opportunity and thank you to my colleagues on the Committee for their hard work and friendship. Sincerely, T
REYGOWDY , Member of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the resignation is accepted. There was no objection. 
f 
ELECTING MEMBERS TO CERTAIN STANDING COMMITTEES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the House Republican Conference, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 685 Resolved, That the following named Mem-bers be, and are hereby, elected to the fol-lowing standing committees of the House of Representatives: C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES : Mr. Jody B. Hice of Georgia. C
OMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET : Mr. Womack, Chair. C
OMMITTEE ON ETHICS : Mrs. Mimi Walters of California. Resolved, That the following named Mem-ber be, and is hereby, ranked as follows on the following standing committee of the House of Representatives: C
OMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET : Mrs. Black, after Mr. Womack. 
Ms. FOXX (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be considered as read. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from North Carolina? There was no objection. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SPOTLIGHT ON RURAL AMERICA (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank President Trump for shining a big, beautiful spotlight on rural America. My district has 17 rural counties, and for far too long, our hardworking farm-ers in these communities have felt for-gotten by past Presidents. But thanks to the Trump administration’s new policies and renewed support, that is no longer the case. This week, President Trump high-lighted rural America when he ad-dressed the American Farm Bureau Federation’s national convention, making him the first President to do so since George H.W. Bush in 1992. In his address, President Trump pledged to work with Congress to pass the farm bill on time, critical legisla-tion that supports our farmers. I am a proud member of the House Agri-culture Committee, and we have al-ready been hard at work crafting this year’s legislation. The President also signed an execu-tive order expanding access to rural broadband. In today’s world, broadband is not a luxury; it is critical and a ne-cessity. My constituents need acces-sible, affordable rural broadband in their homes, schools, and businesses. It is critical for economic development. President Trump is implementing concrete solutions to make a difference for my constituents in rural Georgia as well as Americans across this Nation. Together with the Trump administra-tion and my colleagues in Congress, I will continue my hard work to ensure that rural America is never forgotten. f 
b1200 SUPPORTING TEMPORARY PRO-TECTED STATUS DESIGNATION FOR EL SALVADORANS (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PANETTA. Madam Speaker, I rise today to speak against this admin-istration’s choice to end the temporary protective status designation for El Salvador. Because of this disheartening and potentially dangerous decision, 200,000 people who have been legally living and working in the United States will be forced to go back to a country they don’t know, a country that still hasn’t fully recovered from the devastating earthquakes but is in the grips of widespread gang violence with one of the world’s highest murder rates. These families have chosen to stay here. In my district, the TPS recipients from El Salvador have become in-grained and embedded in our commu-nities. They are longtime loyal em-ployees; they have started families; they have started businesses; and yes, they pay taxes. If they are removed, our country would lose over $100 billion over the next decade, billions would be lost from Social Security and Medicare contributions, and employers would ex-perience hundreds of millions in turn-over costs. Congress should right this wrong and pass the American Promise Act so that these TPS recipients can continue to work and live in our communities and contribute to our country. 
f 
VENEZUELA’S GROWING HUMANITARIAN CRISIS (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Madam Speaker, I rise today to draw attention to a growing humanitarian crisis, one that is often forgotten in news around the world. Venezuela is suffering through a collapse of its economy and Ven-ezuela’s children are starving to death. According to a recent media report, the number of cases of severe malnutri-tion has nearly tripled in the years since the economic collapse, and doc-tors believe that 2018 will be even worse. The Venezuelan Government has taken pains to hide the impact that the collapse has had on its population and the role their own repressive policies have played, but the recent statistics tell the true story. From 2012 to 2015, the mortality rate of infants under 4 weeks old has increased tenfold. In 2016, 11,446 children under the age of 1 year old have died, an increase of 30 percent. Families and children now dig through trash in the hopes of find-ing food. This is a crisis we cannot turn a blind eye to. We must work together to address it. I urge my colleagues to keep this at the forefront of our consid-eration. f 
SETTING THE RECORD STRAIGHT ABOUT TAX BY HOLDING TAX TEACH (Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I rise to set the record straight about the Trump-Republican tax scam recently signed into law. Middle-income and working people in Georgia would see a minimal gain, and eventually they will see their taxes go up, while the richest 1 percent of Geor-gians will get an annual tax cut of $83,000. In fact, Georgia millionaires could receive a cut of more than $130,000 a year. In fact, the Trump-Republican tax cut bestows 83 percent of the $5.5 trillion tax cut to the wealthiest 1 per-cent who don’t even need it, while blowing a $1.5 trillion hole in the Na-tion’s debt. That is obscene, and that is why I am holding a tax teach this Saturday in my district to communicate with my constituents about what this tax scam means to them, what it means for their families, and what it means for jobs and economic growth. 
f 
EXPRESSING DISAPPOINTMENT IN THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY (Mr. PALAZZO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my disappointment in the Democratic Party and to express my concern for the safety and security of the American people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.015 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH164 January 11, 2018 
It has become evident that Demo-cratic leaders and the rest of their party are more interested in protecting illegal immigrants and foreign nation-als than protecting American citizens and passing a budget to avoid a govern-ment shutdown. As a government, we are charged with supporting the well-being and safety of all American citizens. In order to fulfill this responsibility, we must secure our borders, end chain mi-gration, and mandate E-Verify as a na-tional practice. We don’t need to promote the prac-tice of rewarding illegal aliens by pro-viding jobs and safe havens, but, rath-er, our obligation is to law-abiding American citizens. We cannot take care of the rest of the world if we are unable to take care of America and its citizens first. 
f 
AFL–CIO 2018 MLK CONFERENCE (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, this weekend, I will join the AFL–CIO’s 2018 MLK Conference dealing with civil and human rights. At that time, we will discuss the GOP tax scam that stops the labor movement in its tracks because 83 percent of the tax cuts goes to the wealthiest 1 percent and raises taxes on 86 million. I invite my constituents to join me from 1 to 3 at the Hilton Americas, where we will be talking about the labor movement and the devastation of the GOP tax scam on the American people. At the same time, I am glad that I live in a nation that welcomes those who want to serve coming from other countries and live up to the ideals of this country. I want to pay tribute to Rose and Jose Escobar. Jose came to this coun-try under TPS from El Salvador. It is important that this family not be bro-ken up. Jose was unfairly deported and deserves humanitarian parole to come back to be with his loving wife, a cit-izen who works for the Texas Medical Center, and his two wonderful children. TPS, again, is not violating or jeop-ardizing the American people’s secu-rity. It is a reflection of our compas-sion, our humanity, and our respect for those who come to this Nation fleeing persecution and devastation. To send back Haitians, to send back El Salva-dorans will be a terrible tragedy, and to send back our DREAMers will be worse. Let’s work as Americans to make this country what it is, our greatest country in the world. 
f 
102ND ANNUAL PENNSYLVANIA FARM SHOW (Mr. SMUCKER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, this past Saturday I attended the 102nd An-nual Pennsylvania Farm Show. It was great to speak to and see so many con-stituents there supporting and learning about our agriculture community. The farm show is special to Pennsyl-vania. It is the Nation’s largest indoor agricultural event. It showcases more than 12,000 competitive exhibits, more than half of which are animal exhibits. More than 1,000 exhibitors and com-petitors were from my congressional district, like Natalie Eberly, who was showing Polled Hereford beef cattle. It is well known for its delicious food, which I enjoyed and which raises money for nonprofits that support our agriculture community. This farm show highlights just a sliver of the in-dustry that employs nearly half a mil-lion people in Pennsylvania and con-tributes $185 billion to our economy each year. Special thanks to Congressman G.T. THOMPSON , my colleague from Pennsyl-vania, who is vice chair of the ag com-mittee who conducted a listening ses-sion with other members of the Penn-sylvania delegation, as well as mem-bers of the ag committee. I was very pleased to welcome to Pennsylvania R
OGER MARSHALL from Kansas and Ranking Member C
OLLIN PETERSON . It was a great session with many mem-bers of the ag community from across Pennsylvania. I also would like to thank Farm Show Executive Director Sharon Altland for once again putting on a fantastic show. I also thank PA Ag Secretary Redding and U.S. Depart-ment of Agriculture Under Secretary Greg Ibach for attending and partici-pating in the listening session as well. Once again, fabulous show. I look for-ward to attending again next year. 
f 
RECOGNIZING HEATHER RICHARDSON-BERGSMA (Mr. BUDD asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize High Point native Heather Richardson-Bergsma for qualifying for the 2018 Winter Olympics in speed skat-ing. Holding multiple world records, she will be competing for her first Olympic medal this year. Heather’s hunger for speed skating began at an early age. Growing up just a few minutes from our local High Point roller rink, Heather’s talents were recognized by a local coach who suggested she start taking inline speed skating classes. Although she was told she must wait a full year before she could compete, her passion and dedication for the sport did not waiver, and a year later she competed in her first race. The Olympics mark crowning achievements in every Olympian’s ca-reer. The many years, hours, minutes, and seconds they have devoted to training all come down to fulfilled dreams and broken records. Heather’s dedication, passion, and perseverance demonstrate the charac-teristics found in every great athlete. I am proud to recognize Heather today and I wish her the best of luck next month. f 
RECOGNIZING JAVASCOUTS ROBOTICS TEAM (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the JavaScouts, a youth robotics team from my home-town of New Hartford, New York. In December, the JavaScouts com-peted in the regional qualifier for the FIRST Tech Challenge at Sauquoit High School, where they qualified for the regional championship in New York. The JavaScouts also received the FIRST Tech Challenge Inspire Award, which is presented to the team that judges feel acted as a positive role model to other teams and embraced the challenge of this program. I would like to extend my congratu-lations to the JavaScouts team person-ally: Keegan Birt, Liam Evans, Kyle Grover, Ari Sprague, Kyle Tuttle, Jimi Wadnola, and Leon Zong. I wish the JavaScouts continued suc-cess as they move forward to the re-gional championship. I take great pride and it is a great honor in representing these young constituents who place such an emphasis on determination, in-genuity, and education in achieving these many worthy goals. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL APP CHALLENGE WINNERS (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize the win-ning team for the 2017 Congressional App Challenge for the First District of Georgia: Cole Goldhill, Luca Dichiera, Joseph Kim, and Ryan Cranford. Over the last 4 months, 190 Members of Congress hosted the Congressional App Challenge in their districts, where students compete to code original apps. 4,100 students participated, submitting over 1,000 original apps. The winning team in Georgia’s First Congressional District is from Rich-mond Hill Middle School and created the app, ‘‘Wing Finder.’’ This app en-ables individuals who enjoy viewing butterflies to find more information about those butterflies, comparing their wing colors to a database con-taining numerous facts about them. I am proud of these students in Rich-mond Hill for doing such a great job coding and creating this app. Seeing what these students can achieve 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.043 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H165 January 11, 2018 
through technology truly gives me great hope for the future of our coun-try. 
f 
REGULATORY REFORM RESULTS IN 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the majority leader. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Chair for the opportunity to address the House this afternoon. Beginning in 2013, I began discussing how our economic recovery was subpar in comparison to post-World War II re-coveries. That is, in part, due to, as I argued, the wet blanket of the ava-lanche of new regulatory costs imposed by the previous administration. Since Congress has a poor track record of regularly enacting all of our appropriations bills, funding the gov-ernment, and directing agency prior-ities, the administrative state, that unelected portion of our government, has expanded in authority and filled that void. b1215 The House turned a corner this year, Mr. Speaker, by passing all 12 spending bills, fully vetted through our commit-tees, prior to September 30, 2017. Sadly, only the first time since 2010. Further, it has been more than 21 years since Congress has passed all 12 funding bills and had them signed into law before the start of a new fiscal year. Likewise, the Supreme Court, in their case, Chevron U.S.A. v. the Nat-ural Resources Defense Council, back in 1984, set up a concept now referred to as the ‘‘Chevron deference.’’ This, too, has empowered the unelected, Big Government Washington authorities deferring to their authority, rather than the People’s Congress. This has further emasculated the Article I pow-ers of the Constitution. I disagree with this concept of Chevron deference. Be-fore he died, Justice Scalia regretted his defense of Chevron deference and said that it, in fact, ‘‘contravened sepa-ration of powers.’’ This combination of the Chevron def-erence and the lack of the regular, pre-dictable oversight and appointments have resulted in this wet blanket of a growing leviathan of a centralized Fed-eral power, negating State authorities protected under the 10th Amendment and curbing freedom for our families and individuals. Noted New York lawyer and author, Philip Howard, calls this ‘‘The Rule of Nobody.’’ In the 2014 book, Howard ar-gues that our administrative state is wearing people out. The process is de-void of human judgment and common sense. Many of us, in the Congress, are pushing back insisting, like in the VA Accountability Act, that—a shocking idea—bad employees should be fired and, through the public oversight of our committees or in my own Golden Fleece Awards, that we demand ac-countability of the personnel of the Federal Government and commonsense in the application of our policies. Howard recalls the U.S. Open golf championship, back in 2011, out in Be-thesda, Maryland, when county offi-cials shut down a children’s lemonade stand near the course because it didn’t have a vendor’s license, Mr. Speaker. This mindless, box-checking approach is not limited just to the beltway’s Federal mandates. So enters President Trump, our new President. Last year, I wrote then- President-elect Trump asking him to create a regulatory relief task force to address the overly burdensome regula-tions from our Federal agencies that, in my view, have hurt, over the past decade, our economic growth, our job growth, our productivity, and, hence, our wage growth. In February of 2017, President Trump ordered Federal agencies to create a regulatory reform task force to iden-tify rules within their agency that needed elimination or modification. I rise today to recognize the improve-ments in the regulatory process in the past year and the significant reduc-tions in cost to the economy, as a re-sult, and I commend the new adminis-tration for seeking to continue this momentum into 2018, with the recent release of its regulatory plan and agen-da for 2018. As Phil Howard has demonstrated, and we experience daily, the Federal administrative state is lacking in ac-countability. It is not just vast and costly; it is unnecessarily intrusive into the everyday lives of hardworking Americans. In Arkansas, we have seen agency regulations that have had devastating economic impacts on our farmers, small businesses, nonprofits, schools, colleges, universities, and State agen-cies. President Trump set the proper tone for reining in this regulatory state by issuing an executive order, in the first 10 days of taking office, directing agen-cies to eliminate two existing regula-tions for each new one issued. Common sense. In 2017, Federal agencies have with-drawn or delayed 1,579 planned regu-latory actions, leading to over $8 bil-lion in lifetime net cost savings. In 2018, the Trump administration plans to raise the bar by issuing 448 de-regulatory actions and 131 regulatory actions, a better than 3 to 1 ratio, re-sulting in more than $9 billion in life-time costs savings for the economy. This chart shows the annual cost of new regulations reviewed by the Office of Management and Budget every year, beginning in 2009. You can see the wet blanket that I described growing be-tween 2009 and 2012. But you can see, in the last column, 2017, that there is ac-tually a decline: a $570 million reduc-tion in the cost of new regulations pro-posed by Washington. During 2017, here in Congress, we have passed 13 congressional review acts, 11 of which President Trump signed into law this year. By repealing these 11 damaging, large rules, the economy will save some $10 billion over the next 20 years. These savings and cuts put the con-trol back in the hands of the American people and ensure more accountability and much-needed transparency to the rulemaking process is assured, while providing that local businesses, local farmers, and communities have relief. Also, we are working with the admin-istration to rightsize regulatory costs through the use of cost-benefit analysis and asserting our Article I oversight authority. Thus, Congress is working, through our committee process, also, to lower and remove the costs and bur-den of that wet blanket of an overbur-dened regulatory state. Naturally, this cost benefit work must be done responsibly by balancing labor and capital, clean air and water, energy security, clean energy, future safe banks, and protected consumers. All that is the responsibility of our elected Members in the House and Sen-ate and their oversight of the execu-tive. I commend President Trump for cut-ting the red tape in Washington and giving control back to our States, local communities, and hardworking tax-payers. 
COPTIC RESOLUTION  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise, today, to discuss my recent resolution here in the House, H. Res. 673, which expresses concern over attacks on Coptic Chris-tians in Egypt. I had the opportunity to travel to Egypt last year. In the course of pre-paring for that trip, and during the trip, as well as after I returned back to the United States, I repeatedly heard about the plight of Coptic Christians in Egypt. ISIS named the Copts their number one target, and we all know their bru-tal atrocities against them. In Libya, back in 2015, ISIS beheaded 21 Coptic Christians, sending shock waves from that photo around the world. Scores were killed in the bombings of St. Peter and St. Paul’s Church in Cairo, in December 2016. Most recently, on December 29, 11 were shot and killed outside of Saint Menas Church in Helwan. These are just a few of the atrocities carried out against Copts by terrorist groups like ISIS. I had the opportunity to walk the halls of the St. Peter and St. Paul Ca-thedral. I reflected on the Gospel of Matthew, when Mary fled to Egypt with baby Jesus to save him from King Herod. The Copts are the Egyptians. In fact, the word ‘‘Coptic’’ in Greek means Egyptian. But there in St. Peter and St. Paul’s beautiful cathedral in Cairo, murdered by a coward, as women and children prayed, blood splattered on the walls 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.045 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH166 January 11, 2018 
marked the horror and chaos of that place of worship and serenity. Although Coptic Christians have re-peatedly been victims of numerous at-tacks from terrorist groups and ex-tremists, it has been most disturbing to me to learn of the attacks carried out against Copts and Christian churches that are carried out by their fellow Egyptians. On December 22, 2017, just after Fri-day prayers, dozens of Egyptian Mus-lims assaulted a Coptic Christian church south of Cairo in an act that started out as a demonstration. While unsanctioned by the Egyptian Govern-ment, this church had been holding services for some 15 years. According to reports, the individuals called for the church’s demolition, de-stroyed its contents, and assaulted those worshipping inside. Based on similar attacks, it is unlikely, Mr. Speaker, that the Egyptian Govern-ment will hold those perpetrators ac-countable for this egregious action. This is just the most recent example of the ongoing trend of assaults on Copts, their churches, and their prop-erty. I believe that many of us in Congress were pleased to see Egyptian President el-Sisi join Coptic Pope Tawadros II in participating in last Saturday’s Ortho-dox Christmas mass at the recently opened Nativity of Christ Cathedral in Egypt’s new administrative capital east of Cairo. President el-Sisi’s words of tolerance and hope are appreciated by all those who respect peace for all those who live in Egypt and all who favor religious freedom across the globe. However, while President el-Sisi spoke words of tolerance, there are, in my view, greater actions that both he and the Egyptian Government can take to protect the rights of Egyptian Chris-tians seeking merely to raise their families, pursue their work, respect their leaders, and love their ancient nation. For this reason, I introduced H. Res. 673 to urge continued progress in reli-gious tolerance in this very important country. There are many constructive steps that will enhance tolerance, pro-vide better security for Christians, and improve the education and opportuni-ties for all Egyptians. My colleagues and I offer this resolu-tion because of our long friendship and partnership with Egypt. We are part-ners in regional peace efforts, regional economic growth, and in our mutual desire to defeat militant terrorist groups and nations and those who fi-nance them. President el-Sisi has set the right tone at the top level of his government, and I believe he has a respectful part-nership with the leadership of the Copts and other Christians in Egypt. But that respect and the resulting legal protections must be passed down to all levels of government and society because the streets, sadly, tell a dif-ferent story. The Egyptian people are a proud peo-ple with an extraordinary civilization, and I believe this is a great oppor-tunity for Egypt to emphasize the im-portance that Copts can play in Egyp-tian society as full Egyptian citizens. As Coptic Pope Tawadros II told me on my visit to Cairo, all Egyptians, Muslim and Christian, take their water from the Nile. Egypt is an essential partner in the efforts toward a lasting peace between Israel and her neighbors and in the fight against terrorism and violent ex-tremism. President el-Sisi told me on two oc-casions how important counterterror-ism is to the Egyptian Government. It is their number one concern, without any doubt, and I commend the Presi-dent for his partnership with the United States, and especially with Israel, in the field of counterterrorism. With ISIS carrying out two terrorist attacks last year in Egypt within a month of each, in November and De-cember, that killed Muslims and Chris-tians, the Egyptian Government’s con-cerns about terrorism are legitimate and real. However, in my view, I do not believe Egypt’s march toward modernization and progress and focusing on counter-terrorism should come at the cost of sacrificing advances in human rights, education, and religious freedom. I urge swift consideration of my reso-lution by the House Foreign Affairs Committee and on the floor of the House so that we can continue to ad-vance religious freedom and civil soci-ety with our partner, Egypt. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 875. An act to require the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct a study and submit a report on filing require-ments under the Universal Service Fund pro-grams; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 12 o’clock and 31 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Fri-day, January 12, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3678. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Financial Sta-bility Oversight Council 2016 annual report, pursuant to 12 U.S.C. 5322(a)(2)(N); Public Law 111-203, Sec. 112(a)(2)(N); (124 Stat. 1396); to the Committee on Financial Services. 3679. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection, transmitting the Bureau’s final rule — Truth in Lending Act (Regula-tion Z) Adjustment to Asset-Size Exemption Threshold received December 28, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 3680. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection, transmitting the Bureau’s final rule — Home Mortgage Disclosure (Reg-ulation C) Adjustment to Asset-Size Exemp-tion Threshold received December 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 3681. A letter from the Acting Director, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, transmitting the Bureau’s report to Congress on college credit card agreements, pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 1637(r)(3); Public Law 90-321, Sec. 127 (as amended by Public Law 111-24, Sec. 305(a)); (123 Stat. 1750); to the Committee on Financial Services. 3682. A letter from the Acting Director, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, transmitting the Bureau’s report to Congress on the impact of the Credit Card Account-ability, Responsibility, and Disclosure Act of 2009, pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 1616(d); Public Law 111-24, Sec. 502(d); (123 Stat. 1756); to the Committee on Financial Services. 3683. A letter from the Director, Office of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation, transmitting the Corpora-tion’s joint final rule — Community Rein-vestment Act Regulations (RIN: 3064-AE58) received January 4, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 3684. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Policy, Employee Benefits Se-curity Administration, Department of Labor, transmitting the Department’s technical corrections — 18-Month Extension of Transi-tion Period and Delay of Applicability Dates; Best Interest Contract Exemption (PTE 2016- 01); Class Exemption for Principal Trans-actions in Certain Assets Between Invest-ment Advice Fiduciaries and Employee Ben-efit Plans and IRAs (PTE 2016-02); Prohibited Transaction Exemption 84-24 for Certain Transactions Involving Insurance Agents and Brokers, Pension Consultants, Insurance Companies, and Investment Company Prin-cipal Underwriters (PTE 84-24); Correction [Application Number: D-11712; D-11713; D- 11850] (ZRIN: 1210-ZA27) received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 3685. A letter from the Acting Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pen-sion Benefit Guaranty Corporation, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — Allo-cation of Assets in Single-Employer Plans; Valuation of Benefits and Assets; Expected Retirement Age received January 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 3686. A letter from the Deputy Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pen-sion Benefit Guaranty Corporation, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — Miss-ing Participants (RIN: 1212-AB13) received January 4, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 3687. A letter from the Acting Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.047 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H167 January 11, 2018 
and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Effi-ciency and Renewable Energy Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program: En-ergy Conservation Standards for Rough Service Lamps and Vibration Service Lamps [EERE-2017-BT-STD-0057 received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3688. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 17-69, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 3689. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, Department of Transportation, transmitting a notification on discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105- 277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 3690. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of the General Counsel, Department of Transportation, transmitting a notification on discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105- 277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 3691. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of the General Counsel, Department of Transportation, transmitting a notification of a vacancy, and discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 3692. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of the General Counsel, Department of Transportation, transmitting a notification of an action on nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 3693. A letter from the Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Justice, transmitting the De-partment’s Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act Annual Report to Con-gress, 2017, pursuant to 52 U.S.C. 20307(b); Public Law 99-410, Sec. 105(b) (as amended by Public Law 111-84, Sec. 587(2)); (123 Stat. 2333); to the Committee on House Adminis-tration. 3694. A letter from the Chief Administra-tive Officer, transmitting the quarterly re-port of receipts and expenditures of appro-priations and other funds for the period Oc-tober 1, 2017, to December 31, 2017, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 104a (H. Doc. No. 115—89); to the Committee on House Administration and or-dered to be printed. 3695. A letter from the Director, Office of Workers’ Compensation Programs, Depart-ment of Labor, transmitting the Secretary’s response to the Office of the Ombudsman’s 2015 Annual Report, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 7385s-15(e)(1); Public Law 106-398, Sec. 1 (as amended by Public Law 108-375, Sec. 3161); (118 Stat. 2185); to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 3696. A letter from the Attorney, Office of the General Counsel, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Inflation Catch-Up Adjustment of Civil Monetary Penalty Amounts (RIN: 0510- AA04) received January 4, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 3697. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of Regulations and Administrative Law, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s interim rule — Safety Zone; Delaware River, Pipeline Removal, Marcus Hook, PA [Docket No.: USCG-2017-1053] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3698. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regula-tion; Nanticoke River, Seaford, DE [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0162] (RIN: 1625-AA09) re-ceived January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3699. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Drawbridge Oper-ation Regulation; Reynolds Channel, Law-rence, NY [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0048] (RIN: 1625-AA09) received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3700. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Special Local Regulation; At-lantic Ocean, Ft. Lauderdale, FL [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0552] (RIN: 1625-AA08) re-ceived January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3701. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; City of Oswego Fireworks Display; Oswego River, Oswego, NY [Docket Number: USCG-2017- 0990] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3702. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace, Twin Bridges, MT [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0737; Airspace Docket No.: 16-ANM- 12] received December 29, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3703. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Kaunakakai, HI [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-0295; Airspace Docket No.: 16-AWP-2] re-ceived December 29, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3704. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace, Stevens Point, WI [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0143; Airspace Docket No.: 17-AGL- 5] received December 29, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3705. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Extension of the Prohibi-tion Against Certain Flights in the Territory and Airspace of Somalia [Docket No.: FAA- 2007-27602; Amdt. No.: 91-339A] (RIN: 2120- AL28) received December 29, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3706. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of the Prohi-bition Against Certain Flights in Specified Areas of the Sanaa (OYSC) Flight Informa-tion Region [Docket No.: FAA-2015-8672; Amdt. No.: 91-340A] (RIN: 2120-AL27) received December 29, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3707. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31167; Amdt. No.: 3776] received December 29, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 3708. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31166; Amdt. No.: 3775] received December 29, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 3709. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; ATR — GIE Avions de Transport Re-gional Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-1101; Product Identifier 2016-NM-030-AD; Amend-ment 39-19122; AD 2017-25-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 29, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3710. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-1104; Product Identifier 2017-NM-153-AD; Amendment 39-19130; AD 2017-25-16] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 29, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3711. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-0473; Product Identifier 2016-NM-195-AD; Amendment 39-19124; AD 2017-25-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Decem-ber 29, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3712. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Alexander Schleicher GmbH & Co. Segelflugzeugbau Gliders [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-0911; Product Identifier 2017-CE-025-AD; Amendment 39-19121; AD 2017-25-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 29, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3713. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L11JA7.000 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH168 January 11, 2018 
2017-0714; Product Identifier 2017-NM-042-AD; Amendment 39-19123; AD 2017-25-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 29, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3714. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of Regulations and Administrative Law, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone, Delaware River; Pipeline Removal [Docket Number: USCG-2017-1011] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3715. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of Regulations and Administrative Law, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Atlantic Ocean, Rehoboth Beach, DE [Docket Number: USCG-2017-1028] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3716. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regula-tion; Lake Washington, Seattle, WA [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0976] (RIN: 1625-AA09) re-ceived January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3717. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a periodic report regarding progress made toward opening the United States Embassy in Jerusalem, covering the period from May 31, 2017, to the present, pur-suant to Sec. 6 of the Jerusalem Embassy Act of 1995, Public Law 104-45; jointly to the Committees on Foreign Affairs and Appro-priations. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 4043. A bill to amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 to reauthorize the whistleblower protection program, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115–510). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 1701. A bill to pro-hibit the use of Federal funds for the costs of painting portraits of officers and employees of the Federal Government; with amend-ments (Rept. 115–511, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 3737. A bill to pro-vide for a study on the use of social media in security clearance investigations (Rept. 115– 512). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 1532. A bill to reaffirm that certain land has been taken into trust for the benefit of the Poarch Band of Creek Indians, and for other purposes (Rept. 115– 513). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on House Administration discharged from further consideration. H.R. 1701 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. D EFAZIO (for himself, Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. H
ECK, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Ms. J AYAPAL , and Ms. D
ELBENE): H.R. 4766. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to prohibit further extension of requirement to implement positive train control beyond December 31, 2018, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Ms. K
AP-
TUR, Mr. R USH, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. D
EMINGS , and Mr. C ICILLINE ): H.R. 4767. A bill to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to establish a grant program for jurisdictions with high rates of violent crime, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee (for himself and Ms. S
INEMA ): H.R. 4768. A bill to require the President to develop a national strategy to combat the fi-nancial networks of transnational organized criminals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. MARINO (for himself and Ms. B
ASS): H.R. 4769. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to increase awareness about the treatment referral routing service of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida: H.R. 4770. A bill to amend the Gulf of Mex-ico Energy Security Act of 2006 to perma-nently extend the moratorium on leasing in certain areas of the Gulf of Mexico; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mrs. LOVE (for herself, Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , and Mr. M EEKS ): H.R. 4771. A bill to raise the consolidated assets threshold under the small bank hold-ing company policy statement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan (for him-self, Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania): H.R. 4772. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for clarifica-tion under the Medicare program about minimal self-adjustment for off-the-shelf orthotics; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself and Ms. N
ORTON ): H.R. 4773. A bill to require the Adminis-trator for General Services to obtain an antivirus product to make available to Fed-eral agencies in order to provide the product to individuals whose personally identifiable information may have been compromised; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Mr. CAPUANO , Ms. C LARK of Massachu-setts, Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. E STYof Con-necticut, Mr. H
IMES, Mr. K EATING , Mr. K
ENNEDY , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. L AR-
SONof Connecticut, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. N EAL, Ms. P
INGREE , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. P
OLIQUIN ): H.R. 4774. A bill to prohibit oil and gas leasing on the outer Continental Shelf off the coast of New England; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself, Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. H OYER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. B
EYER , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. S
HERMAN , Mrs. C OM-
STOCK , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , and Mr. S IRES): H.R. 4775. A bill to increase the rates of pay under the statutory pay systems and for prevailing rate employees by 3 percent, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mrs. DINGELL: H.R. 4776. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a program of partnerships for State and regional hos-pital preparedness to improve surge capac-ity; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida (for her-self, Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. P OEof Texas, and Mr. H
IMES): H.R. 4777. A bill to amend section 214(c)(8) of the Immigration and Nationality Act to modify the data reporting requirements re-lating to nonimmigrant employees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. E NGEL , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mrs. D INGELL , and Mr. R
USH): H.R. 4778. A bill to strengthen parity in mental health and substance use disorder benefits; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Commit-tees on Education and the Workforce, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. LEE (for herself, Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. P
OLIS, and Ms. T ITUS): H.R. 4779. A bill to protect States and indi-viduals in States that have laws which per-mit the use of cannabis, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Finan-cial Services, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. M
ACARTHUR (for himself, Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. F ASO, Mr. M
ARSHALL , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. R UTH-
ERFORD , Mr. D AVIDSON , Mr. M OONEY  of West Virginia, Mr. B
ACON , and Mr. S
TIVERS ): H.R. 4780. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to make available an online tax calculator to estimate the change in an indi-vidual’s income tax liability with respect to the amendments made by the Tax Cuts and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L11JA7.000 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H169 January 11, 2018 
Jobs Act; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 4781. A bill to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to transfer certain National For-est System land to Custer County, South Da-kota; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Ms. PLASKETT (for herself, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. C ROWLEY , and Mr. S
OTO): H.R. 4782. A bill to provide additional dis-aster recovery assistance for the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Financial Serv-ices, Agriculture, Ways and Means, Natural Resources, Education and the Workforce, the Budget, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. ROSEN (for herself and Mr. J
ONES ): H.R. 4783. A bill to amend the Veterans Ac-cess, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to improve the scheduling of appointments, the accountability of third party administra-tors, and payment to providers under such Act, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California (for herself, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. P
OCAN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. K ELLY  of Illinois, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. E LLISON , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. L
EE, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , and Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas): H.R. 4784. A bill to amend the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act to provide funding for American Health Benefit Ex-changes navigator programs and outreach and promotional activities; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. NUNES: H. Con. Res. 98. Concurrent resolution di-recting the Secretary of the Senate to make a correction in the enrollment of the bill S. 139; considered and agreed to. By Mr. GOTTHEIMER (for himself, Mr. G
ALLAGHER , and Mr. E NGEL ): H. Res. 684. A resolution objecting to the United Nations General Assembly Resolution A/RES/ES-10/19, which criticizes the United States’ recognition of Jerusalem as the cap-ital of the State of Israel; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. FOXX: H. Res. 685. A resolution electing Members to certain standing committees of the House of Representatives; which was considered and agreed to. By Mr. GOMEZ (for himself, Ms. J
UDY C
HUof California, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. K
HANNA , Ms. B
ORDALLO , Ms. M ENG, Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas, Mr. P
ETERS , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. W OODALL , Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. T EDLIEU of Cali-fornia, Ms. JAYAPAL , Mr. T HOMPSON  of California, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. R
OSEN , Ms. G ABBARD , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mrs. N
APOLITANO ): H. Res. 686. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of Korean American Day; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H. Res. 687. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that Federal, State, and local taxes, fees, regula-tions, and permitting policies should be co-ordinated and reconciled to maximize the benefits of broadband investment; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BRADY of Texas (for himself, Mr. W
ALDEN , Mr. N EAL, Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. T
IBERI , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. L EVIN, and Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas): H. Res. 688. A resolution honoring Mark E. Miller for his distinguished public service and professional assistance to the United States Congress; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HUDSON: H. Res. 689. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that any infrastructure legislation that provides Federal funds to wireless broadband pro-viders to promote wireless broadband deploy-ment should prioritize funds for wireless broadband providers in States that have en-acted streamlined siting requirements for small cells; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LANCE: H. Res. 690. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that no Federal funds granted, awarded, or loaned pursuant to any legislation, infrastructure- specific or otherwise, should be used to fund the construction, improvement, or acquisi-tion of broadband facilities or service in areas where there is an existing broadband provider that meets certain minimum stand-ards; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. LATTA: H. Res. 691. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that any infrastructure legislation to promote broadband internet access or communica-tions facilities deployment should treat all broadband and communications facilities in a competitively and technologically neutral manner; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. D EFAZIO: H.R. 4766. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, Clause 3, and Clause 18 of the Constitution. By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 4767. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee: H.R. 4768. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8, the Necessary and Proper Clause. Congress shall have power to make all laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers and all Powers vested by this Constitution in the Govern-ment of the United States, or in any Depart-ment or Officer thereof. By Mr. MARINO: H.R. 4769. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1. Section 8.—The Congress shall have the Power to make all Laws which shall be Necessary and Proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida: H.R. 4770. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. LOVE: H.R. 4771. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have power . . . To regulate commercie with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan: H.R. 4772. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3; and includ-ing, but not solely limited to Article I, Sec-tion 8, Clause 14. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 4773. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution which states ‘‘Congress shall have the power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execu-tion the foregoing powers, and all other pow-ers vested by this Constitution in the gov-ernment of the United States, or in any de-partment or officer thereof’’ By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 4774. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. CONNOLLY: H.R. 4775. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mrs. DINGELL: H.R. 4776. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion. By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida: H.R. 4777. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L11JA7.100 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH170 January 11, 2018 
Article I Section 8 of the Constitution. By Mr. KENNEDY: H.R. 4778. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8—to provide for the gen-eral welfare and to regulate commerce among the states. By Ms. LEE: H.R. 4779. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. M
ACARTHUR: H.R. 4780. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution of the United States. By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 4781. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Ms. PLASKETT: H.R. 4782. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 and Article IV, Section 3 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. ROSEN: H.R. 4783. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The U.S. Constitution, Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execu-tion the foregoing powers, and all other pow-ers vested by this Constitution in the gov-ernment of the United States, or in any de-partment or officer thereof. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia: H.R. 4784. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution. ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 200: Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. B
ABIN, and Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana. H.R. 219: Mr. S
ABLAN . H.R. 559: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 667: Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Mr. B LUM, and Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 848: Mr. P
EARCE . H.R. 850: Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mrs. M CMOR-
RISRODGERS , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. W OODALL , Mr. C
ONAWAY , and Mr. B ERGMAN . H.R. 1316: Mrs. B
EATTY and Mrs. H ARTZLER . H.R. 1419: Mr. B
LUM. H.R. 1456: Mrs. W
ALORSKI and Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 1606: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 1626: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 1676: Mr. L
EVIN. H.R. 1683: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 2004: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2166: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 2542: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 2561: Mr. G
AETZ , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. D ONOVAN , Mrs. N
OEM, Mr. K NIGHT , and Mr. L UETKEMEYER . H.R. 2719: Ms. T
SONGAS . H.R. 2746: Mr. C
ROWLEY . H.R. 2748: Mr. R
OTHFUS and Mr. P ALAZZO . H.R. 3034: Mr. M
ARSHALL . H.R. 3240: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 3397: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 3398: Mr. W
OMACK . H.R. 3444: Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, and Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3547: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 3637: Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 3773: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 3828: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 3875: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 3981: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ and Ms. J AYAPAL . H.R. 4007: Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. B EYER , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. ROYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. T
AKANO , and Ms. P LASKETT . H.R. 4022: Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico, and Mr. R OUZER . H.R. 4044: Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 4062: Mr. J
ONES and Mr. C ARBAJAL . H.R. 4097: Mr. W
ELCH and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. H.R. 4207: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4215: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 4253: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. E NGEL . H.R. 4270: Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. H UIZENGA , and Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 4318: Mr. G
IANFORTE and Mr. C OSTA . H.R. 4320: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 4321: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 4392: Ms. A
DAMS and Ms. S A´NCHEZ . H.R. 4410: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 4424: Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 4474: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 4482: Mr. B
UDD. H.R. 4509: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 4548: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 4631: Mr. M
OULTON and Mr. M CEACHIN . H.R. 4638: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 4657: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 4664: Mr. H
ARRIS . H.R. 4666: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 4706: Mr. D
ONOVAN and Mr. D EUTCH . H.R. 4712: Mr. E
STES of Kansas, Mr. T HOM-
ASJ. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. W
ALBERG , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, and Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 4725: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 4744: Mr. M
EEHAN and Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 4760: Mr. F
LORES , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. N
ORMAN , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. R UTHER -
FORD , and Mr. B UCK. H. Res. 673: Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. S
HIMKUS , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. B ARR, Mr. W ITT-
MAN, Mr. F LORES , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. H UIZENGA , Mr. P
OEof Texas, Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. S
IRES, Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. D ONOVAN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.019 H11JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S143 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JANUARY 11, 2018 No. 7 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Almighty God, in whose hand lies the destiny of people and nations, empower our lawmakers to do Your will on Earth even as it is done in Heaven. Make their lives reflect gratitude for Your merciful kindness and loving providence. Lord, break the bonds of any excessive self-sufficiency by show-ing them what they can accomplish with Your supernatural strength. Help them to be blessings and not burdens as they live a life with the gifts of en-thusiasm and expectancy. As they live at full potential according to Your ex-pectations, use them to glorify Your Name on the Earth. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
OUNDS ). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, anyone who has read the news lately will have come across some pretty re-markable headlines about the state of the U.S. economy. On Tuesday, Gallup announced that at the close of 2017, Americans’ opti-mism about the job market set a new record. The same day, the S&P 500 hit an all-time high. Last week, the New York Times ran a story about ‘‘a wave of optimism [that] has swept over American business leaders.’’ This opti-mism, the reporters continued, ‘‘is be-ginning to translate into the sort of in-vestments in new plants, equipment and factory upgrades that bolsters eco-nomic growth, spurs job creation—and may finally raise wages signifi-cantly’’—raise wages significantly. Markets are optimistic, manufactur-ers are optimistic, and workers are op-timistic. Investment is ramping up, wages are growing, and unemployment is low. By all accounts, 2018 is off to a very bright start. Of course, Washington is not the source of all this. The engine of Amer-ican free enterprise is not here in the Nation’s Capital, it is in the ingenuity, talent, and work ethic of workers and entrepreneurs all across our country. Government does not create pros-perity, the American people do, but the Federal Government can certainly get in the way. Draconian tax policy and runaway regulation make it more dif-ficult for American workers to find jobs and get pay raises. It becomes harder to start new businesses, harder to expand and invest in existing busi-nesses, and more tempting to send money and jobs overseas. During the Obama years, that is pre-cisely what happened. For 8 years, his administration seized every single op-portunity it could find to increase taxes, pile on more regulations, and lit-erally micromanage the lives of the American people. Many middle-class families, like the ones I represent in Kentucky, were drowning in all this. Now all of that is changing. In 2017, a Republican President, Republican House, and Republican Senate brought back bedrock, free market principles: tax less, regulate less, micromanage less, and empower the American people to work hard and keep more of what they earn. And we are already seeing results. The most significant accomplish-ment was the historic tax reform law the President signed into law just over 3 weeks ago. It hadn’t been done in 30 years, but in 2017 Congress and the White House worked together to over-haul the Tax Code. We cut rates for families and businesses, expanded key deductions, closed wasteful loopholes, and repealed ObamaCare’s individual mandate tax. We took a lot of money out of Washington’s pocket and put it back in the pockets of middle-class families, who, after all, earned it in the first place. Earlier in the year, we made major progress in rolling back the tangled web of Obama-era redtape using the Congressional Review Act. Congress re-pealed 15 major Federal regulations that were literally stifling American enterprise. This alone is expected to save employers up to $36 billion in compliance costs. This was in addition to the 860 obsolete rules the Trump ad-ministration revisited in 2017. Small businesses and large compa-nies are all benefitting from these vic-tories, and so are their workers. Boeing has announced plans to invest $100 mil-lion in developing its workforce and another $100 million to enhance its fa-cilities and its infrastructure. AT&T intends to invest a billion dollars in capital upgrades. Just this morning, Walmart announced it would raise starting wages for hourly associates, along with bonuses and an expansion of paid family leave. That is great news for more than 1 million people, includ-ing the nearly 30,000 people working at more than 100 Walmart stores across my home State of Kentucky. This is in addition to all of the other employers across the State who have already begun passing tax reform savings along to their employees. What is true for nationwide employ-ers is proving to be true on Main Streets across the country as well. In 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA6.000 S11JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES144 January 11, 2018 
New Jersey a family-owned car dealer-ship is giving each of its full-time em-ployees a $500 bonus and looking to cre-ate more jobs. In Florida, a family- owned cookie bakery is planning to im-mediately expense new equipment pur-chases, enabling them to develop spe-cialized products and boost wages for their team. All told, more than 100 companies have announced intentions to deliver special bonuses, pay in-creases, or other benefits to employees as a result of tax reform. This in addi-tion to the direct savings from tax cuts. Thanks to lower rates and bigger deductions, American workers will get to keep more of their paychecks. These are just a few of the ways a growing economy can make life better for the American people. This is what happens when a Republican President and Republican majorities in Congress work to get Washington out of the way. It is a shame that none of our Demo-cratic colleagues in the House or the Senate—not one, not a single one— voted for tax reform—not a one. If they had their way, American businesses would not have had a 21st century tax code giving them a fairer fight with overseas competitors, American work-ers wouldn’t have these bonuses and special benefits, and a typical family of four earning just over $70,000 wouldn’t be on track to keep $2,000 more of their own money this year. Fortunately, Republican majorities passed the bill anyway, and the Amer-ican people are sure glad that we did. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
FUNDING THE GOVERNMENT Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, we are inching ever closer to the government’s spending deadline of January 19, when we will have to address a host of unre-solved issues. We must lift the spend-ing caps equally for defense and other domestic priorities, such as opioids, veterans, pensions. We must pass an aid package to give relief to disaster stricken areas of our country. We must pass the healthcare package that ex-tends CHIP—children’s health insur-ance—and community health centers. Just this week, the CBO projected that CHIP will actually save the gov-ernment money if it is extended for 10 years. We could ensure that kids con-tinue to get quality health insurance for longer and save the government money if we extend it for 10 years. That is a no-brainer. Of course, we must settle the fate of the Dreamers. A deal to pass DACA protection alongside a package of bor-der security measures is finally within reach. As the immigration meeting at the White House showed, almost every-one in this body is interested in pass-ing DACA protections into law. Democrats are interested in effec-tive, practical border security meas-ures. We want what secures the border the most, not what sounds the best, not what was a political slogan in a cam-paign but what actually protects our border as drugs flow in and other things come across. We are working as hard as we can to find an agreement both sides can live with. The only folks who didn’t get the memo were some House Republicans who continue to push hard-line immigration bills that are outside the scope of the negotia-tions. I am referring to Representative GOODLATTE ’s proposal, which is en-tirely counterproductive and com-pletely unacceptable. If Speaker R
YANis going to listen to the hard right in the House and coa-lesce behind Representative G
OOD-
LATTE ’s proposal on DACA, we will have no deal. Let the American people hear that. If Speaker R
YANis unable to resist Representative G
OODLATTE ’s pro-posal—he has never been for Dream to begin with—we will have no deal. If Speaker R
YAN bends to the hard- right faction of his caucus—which is far away from what most Americans think; the hard right doesn’t like Dreamers, and 70 percent of Americans do—and if they ask for immigration measures outside the scope of our nego-tiations, then so will we. Deal with chain migration outside of the scope of Dreamers? Let’s deal with the 11 mil-lion who need a path to citizenship—a tough but fair path. We can play that game too. We can go beyond the con-fines of this deal, which has been Dreamers and border security, and then the whole thing won’t happen. There are people on my side who aren’t going to want to make any com-promises. I know that. There are peo-ple on both sides who won’t want to make any compromises. As responsible leaders, we have to come to an agree-ment, and we can’t make everybody happy. That is why we have a House and Senate. That is why we have legis-lators. The whole reason we narrowed the scope of our negotiations is so that we could accomplish something for the Dreamers, rather than relitigating comprehensive immigration reform in such a compressed timeframe. This body passed a very fine bill, in my opinion. It was really tough on the border. It was tough on benefits. It was tough on a path to citizenship. For the first time, for instance, green card holders had to learn English. That was in our bill that passed this body—led by Senator M
CCAINand myself and the Gang of 8—68 to 32. The House didn’t dare take it up for the same reason they seem to have trouble today: The hard right said no immigration reform. And we are stuck. That hurts every-body. I am sure my good friend is hearing from farmers in his State, as I hear from farmers in mine, and businesspeople. We have to tighten up our borders. We have to make sure we have a rational system of immigration. We can’t assure that every person who wants to come here comes here. We all agree with that. But that is com-prehensive immigration reform, be-cause we also believe that the 11 mil-lion here should be given a difficult but fair path to citizenship. We can’t start litigating all of that. Some of my friends on the other side of the aisle say: I have to have this pro-vision outside DACA and border secu-rity. They are hurting the cause of get-ting something done. If we can reach an agreement by the end of this week or over the weekend, we can pass it into law as part of a global deal on the budget by next Fri-day. I believe that is still the best way to resolve the issue. I am hopeful we can get this done. Any later than that, we won’t have time to do it by the 19th. Let me assure my colleagues, accept the majority leader in good faith and the Speaker in good faith—their inten-tion is to put a bill on the floor in Feb-ruary or March. We have heard that be-fore, and it never happens. So we feel passionately that we should get this done—both tighten up the border and help the Dreamers. We have to do it as part of the must-pass bill, and that must-pass bill is this global spending deal. f 
RUSSIA INVESTIGATION Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, now a word on the Russia investigation. Over the past weeks, several events have shaken my confidence that our Repub-lican colleagues are committed to an independent investigation in Congress and at the FBI. A rightwing smear campaign is being waged to discredit the investigation and the investigator. Absurd attacks have been launched on Special Counsel Mueller, one of the finest men that I think we have ever come across in this body. I remember when he was FBI Di-rector; everyone loved him. He is a man of utmost integrity. A Republican Congressman went so far as to suggest his investigation was a ‘‘coup’’ when that Member spoke on the floor of the House. Here in the Senate, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee—I have great respect for him; we are the only two Charles E’s in the Senate—referred Christopher Steele to the FBI and rec-ommended criminal charges, even though Mr. Steele was a whistle-blower—something that our chairman of Judiciary has always protected. He came to the FBI with concerns that Donald Trump was subject to black-mail. Any American would worry about that. The chairman took that action 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.001 S11JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S145 January 11, 2018 
unilaterally—that is, asking for crimi-nal charges—without consulting with or providing notice to the minority. Yet he still expressed outrage when the ranking member of his committee re-leased a transcript of his committee’s interview with the chairman of Fusion GPS even though that was what was in contention. There is a fundamental double standard here. You can’t com-plain, Mr. Chairman of Judiciary, about our side doing things unilater-ally if you do them unilaterally. We want to work in a bipartisan way. I applaud my friend, the senior Sen-ator from California, for releasing that transcript. It contained information that was crucial for the American peo-ple to read and understand in order to judge for themselves the allegations my friends across the aisle have made. You make a serious allegation against someone but say no one can see the in-formation? That is not fair. That is not how we work here in America. Now, in the Foreign Relations Com-mittee, my friend Senator C
ARDIN was compelled to release a minority report about Russia’s interference in foreign elections because the majority would not join him. Think about that. Sen-ator C
ARDIN ’s report showed something we already know to be true—no one disputes that; well, maybe a few—that Russia maliciously and persistently interferes in elections around the globe and will not cease without unified and strong countermeasures. Senator C
ARDIN ’s report is another compelling reason that the Senate act on election security legislation. Before we left for the holidays, Senators L
ANKFORD , K LOBUCHAR , H ARRIS , and C
OLLINS introduced the Secure Elec-tions Act. It is a good piece of legisla-tion that would help shore up election security. Midterm elections are just around the corner, and, as Senator C
ARDIN ’s report tells us, Russia will no doubt endeavor to sow confusion and chaos into our democracy once again. That is what they do. That is what Putin likes to do. We have to stop it. And making information public about it is very important. This should be a unifying, nonpartisan issue. Why would the Republican majority on the Foreign Relations Committee refuse to join that report? It is be-cause—in my judgment, at least—for partisan reasons, Republicans in Con-gress and some in some parts of the media—the conservative parts of the media—have sought to undermine the Russia investigation in countless ways. They have hidden behind secrecy and innuendo to cast aspersions on the in-vestigation and erect roadblocks in its path. Their goal, it seems, is to dis-credit the investigation so that ulti-mately they can discredit any findings that are detrimental to their party or their President. President Trump makes the strategy manifest, clear as day, almost every day on his Twitter feed. Yesterday, he tweeted that the Russia investigation was ‘‘the single greatest witch hunt in American history.’’ That is a little self-centered. How about Salem? Those people were burned at the stake. And he wrote that ‘‘Republicans should fi-nally take control.’’ That last line should send shivers down our spines, that ‘‘Republicans should finally take control.’’ From the very beginning, this inves-tigation has been about an issue most sensitive to our national interests—in-terference in our elections, the wellspring and pride of our wonderful and great and grand democracy. If ever there were an issue that transcends party, this is it. Yet here is the Presi-dent of the United States imploring his party to ‘‘take control’’ of the inves-tigation. You never thought you would hear a President say something like this. Frankly, you never thought you would hear such silence from the other side of the aisle when he does, but that is where we are. Republican lawmakers ought to shout down that kind of ap-peal. We all must commit to the essen-tial truth of the matter, which is that the investigation into Russian inter-ference in our election must remain as bipartisan and as nonpartisan as pos-sible. The interests of the Nation are at stake. All of us—all of us—must choose country over party. I yield the floor. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The bill clerk read the nomination of Michael Lawrence Brown, of Georgia, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. 
NATIONAL HUMAN TRAFFICKING AWARENESS  
DAY 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, today is National Human Trafficking Aware-ness Day. Montana, like much of the United States, is suffering from the rise in human trafficking. I am grate-ful that Montana’s attorney general, Tim Fox, has taken this issue head-on. In fact, Montana has had three times as many human trafficking cases in 2017 as we had in 2015—a threefold in-crease. Unfortunately, this number will likely continue to rise in the coming years, and online platforms are a driv-ing force for it. Like so many things, the internet has tremendous power for good as well as for evil. Having spent 12 years building a startup cloud computing business in my hometown of Bozeman—a business we grew to over 1,000 employees. We took the company public. This became a large, global business. I understand the power of the internet for good. But I also believe we must and can have better safeguards to protect our chil-dren, our families, and our neighbors from sex trafficking, while at the same time protecting innovation on the internet. Unfortunately, a startup business— your business—has the potential to be used for terrible reasons without your awareness. Even more upsetting, it is also possible that online platforms do know that bad actors are using that platform and they do nothing about it. During my first hearing on the Home-land Security and Governmental Af-fairs Committee, we investigated one of these platforms: backpage.com. Bad actors like backpage.com must be held accountable. That is why today, on Human Trafficking Aware-ness Day, I will be joining the Stop En-abling Sex Traffickers Act. This act strips protections for platforms that knowingly assist, support, or facilitate sex trafficking. We must take steps now to stop human trafficking and pro-tect vulnerable members of our com-munity. The Stop Enabling Sex Traf-fickers Act moves us closer to that goal. I tip my hat and I am thankful to Senator PORTMAN for introducing this bill. I am thankful for the work of the Senate Commerce Committee to ensure that this legislation protects the mil-lions of companies on the internet that are building our economy and creating high-paying jobs and doing so in good faith. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to be added as a cosponsor for S. 1693, the Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to address the Sen-ate as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
ECONOMIC GROWTH , REGULATORY RELIEF , AND 
CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, on Tues-day of this week, I regained my pre-vious held seat on the Senate Banking 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.004 S11JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES146 January 11, 2018 
Committee, a committee I served on from 2011 until the beginning of this Congress. While this committee some-times flies under the radar for many Americans, the oversight it conducts and the issues it considers under its substantial jurisdiction are of great consequence to America and to the American people. The owners and employees of bank-ing institutions have experienced suc-cess when their communities experi-ence success. What I am saying is, how we lend money matters to every kind of person every day. So what we have experienced across Kansas, in many in-stances, is difficulty and really hard times. I want to talk about community. Community financial institutions are of great importance to the folks I rep-resent in Kansas. What I want to do, in part, with my opportunity to serve on the Banking Committee is to make sure those financial institutions have a regulatory environment in which they can benefit their communities and ben-efit the citizens who live there. Communities in Kansas are losing their hometown banks to consolidation and sales, and some of these banks that are moving in that direction have been family owned for generations. In order to better understand why these lenders are consolidating or selling, I have sought out the nature of this decline by speaking with financial leaders from across the country. The over-whelming response I received is that the costs associated with complying with new Federal regulations are sim-ply too much to absorb in their busi-ness model. In the aftermath of our country’s sig-nificant financial downturn, a new reg-ulatory framework was put in place to rein in those bad actors and punish bad behavior that led us down that path in 2007 and 2008. We have had more than 7 years to determine what the effects are of this new regulatory environment— Dodd-Frank—and what it has meant to our community banks and our commu-nity financial institutions. The most glaring aspect of these new regulations is the disproportionate burden placed upon those smaller institutions seek-ing to comply with their new respon-sibilities. Rather than extending credit to best fit the needs of their customers, banks are exiting entire lines of business be-cause the penalties for making a mis-take far outweigh the economic bene-fits derived from extending a loan. I ex-perienced this damaging news and re-ality during the Senate Banking Com-mittee’s consideration of legislation to reform the secondary mortgage mar-kets in 2014. I was attempting to solicit feedback from Kansas lenders of the fi-nancial impact some of these proposed changes would have on their commu-nities, and what I learned, unfortu-nately, was this: ‘‘Jerry, we don’t make home loans anymore.’’ When pressed for a reason, they responded it just didn’t make business sense for them to do that any longer due to the increased Federal regulators’ crackdown on mortgage lending. As a member of the Senate who cares deeply about rural America and the special way of life we enjoy in Kansas, this is a very damaging occurrence. If a community banker determines they can no longer extend credit to what would have otherwise been a credit-worthy borrower because of the fear of making a mistake and the repercus-sions that follow, then they decide not to make the loan at all and not even to be in the business. What community would expect their financial institu-tions in their community to refuse to make a home loan? It is the American dream. While community banks had been consolidating for a number of years due to shifting demographics and market conditions, we cannot nor should we attempt to discount the role the post- Dodd-Frank regulatory environment has played in the acceleration of the harming of our community banking structure. I am not opposed to regulations, and neither are the community bankers working to serve their communities, but there has to be prioritization on the part of Congress to create an envi-ronment where local lenders can suc-ceed because the success of these insti-tutions means the success of their com-munities and the people who live there. During the fall of 2015, I worked alongside a number of committee col-leagues—both Republicans and Demo-crats—to see if we could bridge the di-vide and bring relief to our community lenders across the country. While these efforts did not then produce a result, these discussions demonstrated that the issues facing the financial service world need not be partisan, and they sowed the seeds for what has now re-sulted in legislation moving its way through the legislative process today. I am happy to support S. 2155, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act recently reported out of the Banking Committee on a bipartisan vote. Many of the pro-visions in this bill originated in legis-lation I have promoted since I came to the Senate, first as the Communities First Act, and most recently as the CLEAR Relief Act. While this legisla-tion will not solve every issue that needs to be solved, it is meaningful progress that will make a difference. It is Congress’s responsibility to en-sure that economic growth is not need-lessly impeded, and it is our duty to ensure that economic opportunities flourish and that Americans have ac-cess to the tools necessary to pursue the American dream. The Banking Committee can and will play an important role in providing these tools, and I feel fortunate to have the opportunity to lend the voice of Kansans to that effort. I look forward to working with the chairman, M
IKE C
RAPO , the Senator from Idaho, and the ranking member, S
HERROD BROWN from Ohio, as we work together to make sure good things happen in Kansas and across the country. Again, I look forward to working with my colleagues on the Banking Committee and on the Senate floor to see that all Americans have the oppor-tunity to have access to credit so we can continue to pursue growing eco-nomic opportunities for all Americans to keep the American dream alive and well. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. OPIOID EPIDEMIC  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I am here today with my colleague Senator C
AP-
ITOto talk about something that is getting a lot of attention but needs even more attention from this Con-gress, which is the opioid epidemic— the epidemic the President has rightly called a crisis, and he then turned to Congress and said: Find the money to solve the problem. We have been doing a substantial amount of that, but I think we see a clear desire here and in all of our States to find a better solu-tion. This is an issue that has hit every town in America, small and large, I be-lieve. According to the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, over 40,000 people died from an opioid over-dose. This is a fraction of the people who had an opioid overdose. These are the people who died from an opioid overdose in 2016, 40,000 people; over 90 Americans every single day. It was a 28-percent increase over 2015 and a dra-matic increase over where we were just 10 years before. Opioid overdoses now surpass car ac-cidents as the No. 1 accidental cause of death in the country. Both of our States and our surrounding States, I think almost every one of them, have had more overdose deaths in 2016—and an increased number, I think, in 2017— than car accident deaths. The Centers for Disease Control estimates the eco-nomic burden of this epidemic is al-most $80 billion a year. We have just gone through a tax dis-cussion, an economic growth discus-sion. When we were talking about bil-lions of dollars, seldom were we talking about $80 billion to do something with or to stop doing something with, but the economic cost of all of this—lost productivity, addiction, the crime re-lated to that addiction—the CDC says $78.5 billion a year is now the cost. We are both appropriators. The mem-bers of the Appropriations Committee have looked at this carefully. Our col-leagues have had a chance to confront this issue in our committee head-on. We brought bills to the floor that have passed and made a big difference in a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.006 S11JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S147 January 11, 2018 
short period of time. Over the past 2 years, not counting what we hope to do this year, the committee has increased opioid funding by over $900 million, nearly a 200-percent increase for the Department of Health and Human Services—more money for justice, more money for the Department of Veterans Affairs. This funding is focused on developing alternatives for pain management, giv-ing our State, Federal, and local law enforcement partners the tools they need to combat opioid trafficking, en-suring first responders we are working to see that there are better ways to re-spond with opioid reversal. One of the things we have seen re-cently is that opioids of all kinds are now laced with new drugs like fentanyl, and you don’t even know what you are taking. Narcan, the former way to deal with this and still the most effective way to deal with this—you think you have dealt with a problem, and the dose is so strong, the same person in just a few minutes lapses back into another seizure, at-tack, that has often been fatal. Even though people are there and the tradi-tional way to respond is there, it isn’t enough for what is going on now. One thing you would have to tell anybody doing this is, it is unlikely you have any real idea what you are putting into your system. What you think was a narcotic high the day be-fore could easily kill you the next day. We have been looking for better ways to monitor programs so prescriptions in West Virginia and Missouri—they are both States where, in some coun-ties, the number of prescriptions people have been walking into the pharmacist with are just ridiculous. The committee that funds the De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices—that is the committee we are both on—in the last 2 years, we have increased funding by 1,300 percent, $745 million—13 times more than we were spending just 2 years ago. We have given grants to States, in ways we haven’t before, to look at specific State needs and ideas they have to deal with this and then share. We have looked at increasing Federal surveil-lance on how prescriptions are being written, how drug stores are becoming the conduit, and how many substances are coming through the mail to find new ways to determine whether this is reasonable in the area these drugs are going into. We have looked at ways to increase the tools necessary to commu-nities and first responders. We are talking right now to the National In-stitutes of Health about what they can do on a number of fronts. One is to work with the pharmaceutical compa-nies themselves to develop alternatives to the kind of pain management we have had. Also, let me say on that front, we have gone through a period where doc-tors and hospitals were too often grad-ed on whether people had any pain or not as opposed to whether they had pain they didn’t understand, pain that was unacceptable. More and more peo-ple ought to be saying, as opposed to taking this potentially addictive drug, give me a dose that is not as addictive, and maybe I am still more achy than I would be otherwise, more pain than I would have otherwise, but I understand it and am aware of it, and I am not in some cloud of no pain but not much of anything else in terms of real quality of life. We are looking at how we can work with these companies for pain manage-ment. I have talked to the pharma-ceutical companies. I think it is time for them to step up, maybe in partner-ship with NIH, so there is some Federal money to encourage more private sec-tor money to find alternatives that are less addictive and better understood, to find more effective and affordable ways to respond. Just the amount of money in the first responders’ kits around the country, and local governments paying for the Narcan, the more expensive injectable treatment—we need to look for ways where that can be more avail-able and in a way that local govern-ments have a better way to deal with this. This needs to be dealt with locally. The first responder is going to be a local person. If you are a fire depart-ment that also has first responders, your department is three times more likely to go on an overdose call than they are to go to a fire. That is where we are in this situation today. In trying to figure out what the im-pact really is at home—as we all are trying to do—I had a meeting not too long ago with medical professionals, with State officials, with emergency responders, in Springfield, MO, to talk about how we deal with prevention, treatment, and recovery. We talked about the critical partnership between local, State, and Federal law enforce-ment and the dangers the first respond-ers themselves face. Sometimes what people are putting into their system is so powerful and so addictive that walk-ing into the room or touching the clothing becomes a potentially great danger for the person who is there to help you. I talked to doctors and hos-pitals about the challenges they face in prescribing less habit-forming pain medications and how patients are still not fully aware of the danger of dealing with pain if you overdo it as you are dealing with pain. I talked to one person who talked about his daughter who had just gone to the dentist and got pain medicine and had no sense that the pain medi-cine could be addictive and she should stop taking it when it had done its job, whether or not it was when the last pill was gone. Then, of course, there is a new issue of underprescribing. Nobody likes to go back to the pharmacy twice to get the same prescription they just got a few days ago, but giving people more pills than they need to take themselves or have them sit in the medicine cabinet doesn’t make any sense. In our State, there are large urban areas, but it also has a lot of small and remote communities and, frankly, rural communities have been hit par-ticularly hard by this crisis. Certainly, West Virginia is a State that under-stands this. There has been no more vigorous advocate for funding and new ways to solve this problem than Sen-ator C
APITO . I am glad to be here with her today as we talk about this issue. I can assure the people we work for that this is a top priority. It has been a top priority for over 3 years now. The first 2 years showed dramatic increases in the willingness we had to deal with this and the breadth of how we deal with it, and that is one reason we need to move on and get this funding bill, which should have been done by Octo-ber 1, done right now. As we get a new number to deal with, one of our prior-ities will be the opioid epidemic, and one of the leaders in that discussion will be the Senator from West Virginia, Mrs. C
APITO . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I wish to thank Senator B
LUNT from the great State of Missouri for his leadership on this issue. He chairs the subcommittee that is very pivotal—the Appropria-tions Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services—and has moved forward so aggressively to up the fund-ing in this area. We have the pedal to the metal now. As he said, when we are moving and coming to a final spending bill, this has to be a top priority for us. It is abso-lutely critical. I am really pleased to be on the subcommittee, but I want to thank him for—I know he works dili-gently with NIH, which holds big prom-ise. We are always looking for solu-tions. Can we treat ourselves out of this? Can we law enforce ourselves out of this? Can we prevent ourselves out of this? I think we can do all of those. We have to have a component of re-search that looks at the alternatives to pain medications and pain manage-ment. The current bill we have looked at is $816 million for programs to combat opioid abuse issues, and that is a 440- percent increase from the previous year. I am going to go through this. It might sound a little mundane and de-tail-oriented, but people say: That is great to ‘‘up’’ the amount of money that you are spending, but where are you really spending this money? The Senator from Missouri, Mr. B
LUNT , mentioned that it has to be done locally, and there is a lot of em-phasis on where these dollars are going. Some of them are going, of course, to the CDC, the Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention, for prevention issues, which is critical, while $50 mil-lion is going to our community health centers. In States such as Alaska, West Virginia, and Missouri, community health centers are seeing hundreds of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.008 S11JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES148 January 11, 2018 
thousands—millions—of people every day and many more who are dealing with mental health and substance abuse. SAMHSA oversees the mental health grants that go to our States, and there is $15 million for a new SAMHSA program for opioid preven-tion. We have our drug-free commu-nities program, which works well in my State. It is a total grassroots-up, bottom-up, when you get everybody from your local county or public health and others in the room to try to solve this issue. Then again, there are some block grant programs to our commu-nity health centers along with the funding to NIH. This is a broad-based look at where the funding is going. We have an opportunity here in the next several weeks to ‘‘up’’ that fund-ing, to make sure that the national pri-ority that we feel, as Senators from States that are highly affected, is re-flected in our funding. I believe that with Senator B
LUNT ’s leadership on the subcommittee and with other members on the subcommittee, that is some-thing we are going to be doing. I happen to chair the Financial Serv-ices and General Government Appro-priations Subcommittee, which appro-priates the money for the high-inten-sity drug task forces. Our State has over 22 counties that are in that. Is that a branding that you really want— that you are a high-intensity drug traf-ficking area? Not really. What that does is coordinate Federal, State, and local resources to help meet the chal-lenge and face what a difficult problem you have. I work with funding on that, with the drug-free communities, and also with the President’s Office of Na-tional Drug Control Policy. We have done a lot, and we have pushed for re-sources. The Senator mentioned resources for our first responders. He mentioned how dangerous it is. There have been local stories about our first responders who have just touched fentanyl—just touched it—and have gone into over-dose situations. We were at the White House yesterday and were talking, and the President mentioned drug-sniffing dogs that have had reactions to fentanyl. So this is a very lethal sub-stance. Actually, I saw in the statistics for West Virginia that more of the re-cent overdose deaths are attributable to fentanyl than to heroin itself, and that is rising. We need the money for enforcement, prevention, treatment and recovery, and more resources for research, and I have mentioned how critical that research will be. Nationwide, we had over 63,000 drug overdose deaths in 2016, and a number of these were attributed to heroin and fentanyl. In my State of West Virginia, we had the highest deaths per 100,000 for overdoses. I would like to say it is happening somewhere in which maybe we would have predicted that it would happen, but it is happening every-where. It is happening to the children of friends of mine. Ryan Brown, a young man in West Virginia, lost his life. He had a loving home, loving parents, and had been through treatment. He just couldn’t fight it. He went back and injected himself with a lethal dose. He died in a very public place too. It was very trag-ic. To his credit, his parents have taken up the mantle for Ryan to try to get more treatment centers in the State of West Virginia. I thank them for that. We were just at the White House— Republicans and Democrats—for the President to sign the INTERDICT Act. I sponsored that bill with Senator RUBIO, Senator M ARKEY , and Senator B
ROWN . What it does is help give our Customs and Border Patrol folks the ability to detect fentanyl when it is coming in. We know it is coming in from across our borders, principally from China, maybe China through Mex-ico. We need to equip our Border Patrol agents to be able to stop that—inter-dict the flow of that lethal substance. Just this week, The Hill newspaper published an op-ed about the Martins-burg Initiative. Martinsburg is in West Virginia, in the Eastern Panhandle. Everybody needs to visit Martinsburg. They have an innovative police-school- community partnership that is spear-headed by the Martinsburg Police De-partment, the Berkeley County Schools, and Shepherd University, along with the Washington/Baltimore HIDTA. This is a comprehensive strat-egy of intervention and treatment for families to help prevent the beginning of the addiction to opioids. In December, I attended the kickoff of the Bridge of Hope Fund, and I want to highlight what some of the local communities are doing in my State to try to get a comprehensive spectrum of solutions. This is a new scholarship program that was developed by Fruth Pharmacy, which is a locally-owned, family-owned pharmacy, that will allow people who have completed ad-diction recovery programs to get a jump-start on their college educations and career training. The founders of the program started it because they wanted to encourage people who have reclaimed their lives and been successful to be able to get back into the mainstream. We know one of the roadblocks to recovery is getting back into the work environ-ment—to be able to get a job. Many of these young folks who are in this posi-tion have already burned through their education grants and their availability of Pell grants. So this Bridge of Hope scholarship is an organic, from-the- ground-up scholarship program for those who have been through treat-ment. We had a young man who talked about his road to recovery and how im-portant getting his education and get-ting back on his feet was. We need more everywhere. I think that is essen-tial to all of us. We have to prioritize our Federal funding for States like mine that have been the hardest hit by the opioid epidemic. I see my colleague from New Hamp-shire here. Both of us have joined to-gether on the Targeted Opioid Formula Act so that those of us who have high statistics and greater need are able to have those funds more squarely tar-geted toward us for prevention and treatment. There are a lot of good ideas out there. There are a lot of things going on, but there is a lot of tragedy around all of us. I would say to the folks in the gallery and certainly to everybody on the floor that you probably know a family or you probably know a commu-nity or you probably know somebody who has been hard hit by this. It is ab-solutely crushingly sad, heartbreaking, because it is preventable. It is some-thing on which we can have an impact. If we don’t, we are going to lose an-other generation. I have great fears that we are going to look back on this moment in time and think we didn’t do enough. So I think, with Senator B
LUNT ’s help and the help of others, particularly with Senator B
LUNT ’s chairing the Appro-priations Committee, this is the direc-tion in which we need to go. We need to have more targeted funding so those local resources can be creative in order to stop the scourge, to handle the scourge, and to educate the next gen-eration as to how devastating this could be if one were to ever begin to go down this road. Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Hampshire. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 10 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, let me applaud my colleague from West Virginia, Senator C
APITO , for her work in addressing the opioid epidemic. It is something that I know, in a bipartisan way, we care about in this Chamber, and it is one place in which I think we could come to some agreement about increasing resources as we come to an agreement on the budget for the up-coming year. So I thank the Senator for her comments. 
SPECIAL COUNSEL MUELLER , DEPARTMENT OF  
JUSTICE , AND FBI  
Mr. President, I come to the floor this morning because I believe the United States is a nation of laws. The bedrock of our democracy is the rule of law. We are blessed with a judicial sys-tem and Federal law enforcement agen-cies that are respected worldwide for their integrity, impartiality, and pro-fessional excellence. As the lead Democrat on the Appro-priations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, I have a responsibility, along with my chairman, Senator S
HELBY , and our colleagues, to ensure that the Depart-ment of Justice, including Federal law enforcement agencies and Federal pros-ecutors, have the resources they need to do their jobs. I also have a responsi-bility to ensure that they are inde-pendent and shielded from political in-terference. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.009 S11JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S149 January 11, 2018 
On that score, I am deeply troubled by a rising chorus of partisan attacks on the integrity of the Department of Justice, the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation, and in particular Special Counsel Robert Mueller, who is inves-tigating Russian interference in the 2016 election. Actually, this is the cover of the re-port from our intelligence agencies on that interference in the 2016 election. I believe these attacks against Spe-cial Counsel Mueller are part of a broader campaign, orchestrated by the White House, to undermine the inves-tigations into Russia’s interference in the 2016 campaign, including the pos-sible collusion by the Trump campaign. This effort to discredit the investiga-tion has profound national security im-plications for the United States. Yesterday, Senator B
ENCARDIN , the top Democrat on the Foreign Relations Committee, released a report on behalf of the minority of the Foreign Rela-tions Committee that documents Rus-sian President Vladimir Putin’s two- decade assault on democratic institu-tions, Western values, and the rule of law. This report complements a finding by the U.S. intelligence community that was issued last January that Rus-sia interfered in the 2016 election and will continue to interfere in our elec-tions if it is not deterred. This was the unanimous conclusion of all 17 U.S. in-telligence agencies. Yet President Trump continues to be dismissive of claims that Russia interfered. This is not about partisanship. This is not about who won the election. This is about whether Russia is trying to disrupt our democracy. President Trump’s comments about what hap-pened here are an extraordinary abdi-cation of the President’s duty to defend our country and safeguard our democ-racy. Our Foreign Relations Committee’s report concludes: ‘‘Never before in American history has so clear a threat to national security been so clearly ig-nored by a U.S. president, and without a strong U.S. response, institutions and elections here and throughout Europe will remain vulnerable to the Krem-lin’s aggressive and sophisticated ma-lign influence operations.’’ Meanwhile, the campaign by the White House and certain Republicans in Congress to discredit and deflect the investigation continues. Indeed, it is a campaign that has become even more bizarre. Republicans on the Judiciary Committee refuse to release testimony by the cofounder of Fusion GPS—testi-mony regarding Russian efforts to collude with the Trump campaign. Last week, Senator G
RASSLEY and Senator G
RAHAM took the unprecedented step of calling on the Justice Department to investigate former British MI6 intel-ligence officer Christopher Steele, the author of the Fusion GPS report. Think about that. Instead of calling for an investigation of the serious charges in the so-called ‘‘Russia dossier,’’ these Senators are demanding an investiga-tion of the author of the report. Mean-while, the President is becoming in-creasingly aggressive in attacking the investigations. Yesterday, he again called them a ‘‘witch-hunt’’ and de-manded ‘‘Republicans should finally take control.’’ The partisan attacks on Special Counsel Robert Mueller are especially shameful. A decorated marine Vietnam veteran, he is a Republican who was nominated to be FBI Director by Presi-dent George W. Bush and was approved by the Senate, at that time, 98 to 0. In 2011, when his 10-year term was up, President Obama, a Democratic Presi-dent, asked the Senate to extend his term for an additional 2 years. Director Mueller was confirmed for another 2- year term by a unanimous vote of 100 to 0. When Mr. Mueller was appointed spe-cial counsel in May, he was greeted with bipartisan praise for his integrity and professionalism. Here are some of the quotes we heard at the time. Majority Leader MITCH MCCONNELL  said: 
I have a lot of confidence in Bob Mueller. I think it was a good choice. 
Senator R UBIO said: 
I believe [Mueller] is going to conduct a full and fair and thorough investigation that we should have confidence in. 
Senator I SAKSON said: 
[Mueller’s] been appointed for a purpose. Let him carry that purpose out, and let the evidence take us where it may. 
Yet today, in the wake of indict-ments of key Trump campaign offi-cials, some Republicans in Congress are joining with voices in the conservative media in smearing Robert Mueller as ‘‘corrupt’’ and ‘‘dishonest.’’ Those are quotes. In early December, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich said: 
Mueller is corrupt. The senior FBI is cor-rupt. The system is corrupt. 
The day after Christmas, a promi-nent House Republican called for top officials in the Department of Justice and FBI to be ‘‘purged.’’ It is unfortunate that many Repub-licans appear to believe that in order to support the President they must at-tack and discredit not only Special Counsel Mueller but also the career employees of the Department of Jus-tice and the FBI. These partisan at-tacks are baseless and reckless. They are undermining trust and confidence in the rule of law, and this must not be tolerated. It is time for responsible Senators on both sides of the aisle to speak up in defense of these institu-tions that are at the heart of our de-mocracy. It is time to come together on a bipartisan basis to demand that Mr. Mueller be allowed to follow the facts wherever they may lead. The FBI is also under attack. Presi-dent Trump has said that the agency’s reputation is in ‘‘tatters’’ and its standing is the ‘‘worst in history.’’ The truth is that the FBI continues to be the gold standard for law enforcement agencies worldwide. The prosecutors in the Department of Justice are superb professionals who adhere to a strict ethic of honesty and impartiality, as do the nearly 37,000 employees of the FBI. They put their lives on the line every day to protect the American people from violent criminals, terrorists, and foreign agents who mean our country great harm. Just last month, as the agency was being attacked on FOX News as equiva-lent to the Soviet-era KGB, undercover FBI agents were hard at work stopping an ISIS supporter who was planning a Christmas Day terrorist attack on Pier 39, the iconic San Francisco tourist at-traction. This is just one example of more than 720 potential acts of ter-rorism that were disrupted and pre-vented by hard-working FBI agents last year. We can see the headlines from some of those plots that were thwarted in New York, San Francisco, Florida, and Oklahoma City. On June 13, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein testified before the Ap-propriations Subcommittee. Because the Attorney General has recused him-self, Mr. Rosenstein is the top DOJ offi-cial overseeing the special counsel. At the hearing, I asked him if he had any evidence of good cause for firing Spe-cial Counsel Mueller. He answered: ‘‘No, I have not.’’ In response to my further questioning, Mr. Rosenstein re-sponded: ‘‘You have my assurance that we are [going to] faithfully follow that regulation and Director Mueller is going to have the full . . . independ-ence that he needs to conduct that in-vestigation appropriately.’’ More re-cently, on December 13, testifying be-fore the House Judiciary Committee, Mr. Rosenstein was again asked if there is good cause for firing Special Counsel Mueller. He responded with a firm no. Members of Congress and commenta-tors in the media who are now attack-ing the special counsel, the Justice De-partment, and the FBI for partisan po-litical purposes are making a grave mistake. They will not succeed in de-flecting law enforcement from its du-ties and missions, but they may well succeed in undermining the American people’s faith and confidence in these institutions so vital to a healthy de-mocracy. That is not only deeply un-fortunate, it is shameful. This is a remarkable moment in our Nation’s history. A hostile foreign power has interfered in our Presi-dential election. Our law enforcement agencies and special counsel are work-ing diligently to uncover the scope and methods of that intervention so that we can prevent a recurrence in the fu-ture. Supporting these efforts isn’t about party or partisanship; it is about patriotism and defending America’s de-mocracy, which has been attacked and continues to be vulnerable to attack. Our democracy is being tested, our law enforcement agencies are being tested, and we as Senators are being tested. Our responsibility is clear. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.010 S11JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES150 January 11, 2018 
have a duty to come together, Senators of both parties, to defend the independ-ence of the Justice Department and the FBI, and we must insist that Special Counsel Mueller be allowed to conduct and complete his investigation without political interference. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). All time has expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Brown nomina-tion? Mr. SCHATZ. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ), the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ), the Senator from Ari-zona (Mr. M
CCAIN), and the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) and the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
UR-
BIN) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 92, nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 7 Ex.] YEAS—92 
Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NOT VOTING—8 
Alexander Booker Cotton Durbin Graham Heller McCain Perdue 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Walter David Counts III, of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas. Mitch McConnell, Deb Fischer, John Bar-rasso, John Thune, Roger F. Wicker, James M. Inhofe, Johnny Isakson, Mike Crapo, Tom Cotton, Chuck Grass-ley, Thom Tillis, Mike Rounds, Mi-chael B. Enzi, James Lankford, Lindsey Graham, Pat Roberts, Todd Young. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Walter David Counts III, of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ), the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ), the Senator from Ari-zona (Mr. M
CCAIN), and the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ), the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ), and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 90, nays 1, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 8 Ex.] YEAS—90 
Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young NAYS—1 
Hirono 
NOT VOTING—9 
Alexander Booker Cotton Durbin Graham Heller McCain Perdue Sanders 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 90, the nays are 1. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The assistant bill clerk read the nomination of Walter David Counts III, of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. 
RULES OF THE SENATE  
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, once more I am coming to the floor to talk about the basic rules of the Senate and how we actually get on legislation. We have spent all of this week on four district court judicial nomina-tions—the entire week, no legislation— because we can’t get on legislation. In 2013, we were in a situation similar to this. The minority party, at that point being the Republicans, were slow-ing down the process in the Senate on nominations by the Democratic Party, at that point the majority. So Repub-licans and Democrats sat down to-gether and said: This is a problem. We cannot get to legislation. The Republicans and Democrats to-gether, with 70-plus votes, made a 2- year rule change in the Senate in the 113th Congress. It was a simple rule change: 2 hours of debate for a district court judge, 8 hours of debate for just about everyone else, and 30 hours of de-bate for circuit court, Supreme Court, and Cabinet nominations. It was a bi-partisan agreement that worked very well for that 2-year time period. Then, at the end of that 2-year time period, it had a sunset on it, and it ex-pired. The hope was that we would re-learn how to be able to do this. I wasn’t in the Senate at that time, but I have spoken to multiple people about that process. What happened instead was, during the first year of that, there continued to be ongoing frustration, so my Demo-cratic colleagues used what is affec-tionately called the nuclear option to be able to change the rules of the Sen-ate to say that they could bring indi-viduals with only 51 votes—not 60—and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.011 S11JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S151 January 11, 2018 
then they used the rule, on top of what they changed, to bring people forward at greater speed, which they did. For the rest of the next year, they used it that way. We now come to this time period. Let me give an example of what I am talk-ing about and the frustration it cre-ates. Let me confirm my number and make sure I get it right for all of the Senate history. From 1967 until 2012, there were 46 cloture votes invoked. That means they requested a cloture vote, and it went all the way to be a vote—46 of those on judges and the ex-ecutive branch from 1967 to 2012. Last year, there were 46 cloture votes in this body, just in 1 year. What was from 1967 until 2012 the total number, Democrats did to Republicans in 1 year—last year. The statement keeps coming up over and over again: Why can’t we get on legislation? Because each day is full of dead time, debating nominations— nominations like what passed today unanimously in the Senate. But we had to have cloture time set aside for it. This has to be fixed. The rules of the Senate are set by the Senators. In 2013, the Senators stood up and said ‘‘This has to stop,’’ and they fixed it. I am recommending again that the Senate, once again, implement the same rule that Democrats led Republicans to do in 2013 now, in this year, and instead of doing it for one Congress, make it the rule. If it was a good idea for Demo-crats in 2013 and 2014, why is it not a good idea for Republicans and Demo-crats now? That simple rule is, when we can’t agree on a candidate, we would have only 2 hours of debate on a district judge—remembering that for the en-tirety of this week, it took the whole week to do four of them. We could do 2 hours of debate for each one if it is a district court judge, 8 hours for just about everybody else, or 30 hours of de-bate for Supreme Court, circuit court, and Cabinet-level nominations. People would think that would be a slam dunk. So far it has not been. For some reason, my Democratic col-leagues say: That rule was good for us, but it is not good for you, and it is not good for the future of the Senate. I be-lieve it is. I believe it was a fair rule then, and it is a fair rule now. Enough debating about the rules of the Senate; let’s get on to the business of the Sen-ate and actually do what the American people sent us here to do. Interestingly enough, there is also a very obscure rule in the Senate called rule XXXI. If, at the end of the year, there are still nominations that are pending out there, those nominations have to be returned to the White House, and they have to start all over again. The Senate can agree by unani-mous consent to say that we all under-stand these are all in process and, by unanimous consent, just agree to those things to be able to hold them on the calendar. Let me give an example. Under Presi-dent Bill Clinton, at the end of his first year, only 13 of his nominations were sent back to the White House. After the end of George W. Bush’s first term, only two nominations were returned back to the White House. After Presi-dent Obama’s first term, only eight were sent back to the White House. After President Trump’s first term, 90 were sent back—Bill Clinton, 13; George Bush, 2; President Obama, 8; President Trump, 90. I don’t think my Democratic col-leagues understand that they are con-tinuing to amp up the volume of ob-struction, saying: Someone has ob-structed us in the past, so we are going to do it 10 times to you. All that leads to is that the next time the Repub-licans are in the minority, we do it 10 times again, and it makes it worse. There is a way to fix this. We should come to that mutual agreement. We should resolve the rules of the Senate. We have to get on to the budget. We have to get on to the Children’s Health Insurance Program. We have to get on to intelligence issues. We have to get on to immigration. We have to get on to infrastructure. We have to get on to a lot of other things, but we are stuck debating about people, and that should be an easy one for us. I am recommending to this body what my folks used to say to me: What is good for the goose should be good for the gander. If it was a great rule when Democrats were in the majority, it should be a great rule when Repub-licans are in the majority. Let’s take clean, fair rules and apply them to everyone. Let’s move on with the nomination process. Let’s get back to the business of doing legislation so we can get this resolved. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
OFFSHORE DRILLING  
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I rise today to discuss the Trump adminis-tration’s recent proposal to expand off-shore drilling to more than 90 percent of U.S. waters. This handout to Big Oil executives puts short-term corporate profits ahead of the long-term health and livelihood of America’s coastal families, and it ignores the growing threat posed by climate change. This administration is too weak- kneed to stand up for American fami-lies, too weak-kneed to say ‘‘enough is enough’’ when Big Oil executives de-mand more, and Big Oil executives keep demanding more because they don’t like being told that any area is off limits. Big Oil didn’t like being told that the extraordinary natural, cultural, and historical value of Bears Ears and Grand Staircase-Escalante made them off limits for fossil fuel development. So President Trump opened up much of the previously protected land for fu-ture drilling and mining. Big Oil didn’t like being told that the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, one of America’s last untouched expanses of wilderness, was off limits. So President Trump and this Republican Congress included a provision in the Republican tax bill to allow drilling for the first time in this pristine reserve. Big oil didn’t like being told that our coasts, which provide the homes and livelihoods for millions of Americans, are off limits. So the Trump adminis-tration, faithful as ever to whatever Big Oil wants, issued a proposed off-shore drilling plan that would allow drilling in more than 90 percent of America’s coastal waters. In doing so, the Trump administration is threat-ening the Atlantic coast with un-wanted oil drilling for the first time in more than 30 years, threatening to in-troduce new drilling rigs to the Pacific coast for the first time in 30 years, threatening the eastern Gulf of Mexico with drilling for the first time in more than 10 years, and threatening to ille-gally reopen portions of the Arctic for drilling in areas that were permanently protected in 2016. Our coasts are working waterfronts supporting hard-working families. This unprecedented expansion of offshore drilling endangers hundreds of thou-sands of jobs that depend on the health of our oceans. In Massachusetts, there is shipping in and out of Boston, fish-ing from Gloucester to New Bedford, and tourism and small businesses on the Cape and the Islands. The ocean is our lifeline, as it is for so many coastal States and towns around the country. The multibillion-dollar coastal econ-omy has been a key part of the Amer-ican economy since our Nation’s found-ing. Our coastal communities are united in opposition to an expansion of offshore drilling. They understand the risks that Big Oil imposes on them. Our coastal communities remember when the BP-Deepwater Horizon oil-spill occurred in 2010. One offshore oil well blew and caused the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig to explode, and what was the consequence? It killed 11 workers, injured 17 more, and un-leashed one of the worst environmental disasters in human history. Nearly 5 million barrels of oil gushed into the ocean, contaminating more than 1,300 miles of coastline and nearly 70,000 square miles of surface water. Millions of birds and marine animals died from exposure to the oil and other toxic chemicals. The gulf fishing industry lost thousands of jobs and hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue, and the spill devastated the gulf’s coastal tour-ism economy. The environmental and economic devastation hit working fam-ilies and small businesses across the entire region. A commission formed to investigate the BP oilspill concluded that there were ‘‘such systematic failures in risk 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.016 S11JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES152 January 11, 2018 
management that they place in doubt the safety culture of the entire [off-shore drilling] industry.’’ The Federal Government vowed to crack down on the offshore oil industry that had been cutting corners at the expense of work-er safety and environmental safety. The Bureau of Safety and Environ-mental Enforcement studied ways to improve oil rig inspections and issued new rules of the road to try to prioritize safety. But President Trump has abandoned that safety-first approach. He ignores the lessons of the BP oilspill. Instead, he listens to his Big Oil friends. Last month, the administration began re-scinding key safety regulations de-signed to protect our coastlines from another BP spill disaster. I just want to give one example. In 2016 the Bureau of Safety and En-vironmental Enforcement implemented new rules to require independent, third-party certification of safety de-vices on oil rigs. It is not a bad idea to get someone independent to take a look at oil rigs before people put their lives at risk and hundreds of thousands of people could lose their livelihoods if an accident occurred—not a bad idea. But the Trump administration has said that this commonsense approach is an ‘‘unnecessary . . . burden’’ on industry. Just to be clear, this so-called burden would amount to less than a penny on the dollar for an industry that already enjoys tens of billions of dollars in tax-payer subsidies. That is less than a penny on the dollar to protect the live-lihoods and maybe the lives of people living on our coasts. The Trump administration’s insist-ence on padding the pockets of Big Oil while small coastal towns are left car-rying all the risk is a perversion of how government is supposed to work, but this is what happens when the Repub-lican Senate allows leadership posi-tions at the Department of the Interior to be filled with industry insiders who reward their past—and, in many cases, their future—employers, rather than serving the American people. American families deserve forward- looking leadership that builds for the future and ensures that America will lead in the necessary fight against cli-mate change, but President Trump thinks leadership is handing over man-agement of our public resources to the Big Oil executives who are looking to stuff their pockets while they can, and he chooses to ignore the writing on the wall. Our planet is getting hotter, and 16 of the last 17 years were the hottest on record. Our seas are rising at an alarm-ing rate. Our coasts are threatened by furious storms that can sweep away homes and devastate even our largest cities. Many communities are just one bad storm away from complete devas-tation. Our naval bases are under at-tack, not by enemy ships but by rising seas. Our food supplies and our forests are threatened by an endless barrage of droughts and wildfires. The effects of man-made climate change are all around us, and things will only continue to get worse at an accelerating pace if we don’t do some-thing about it. Will addressing climate change be tough? You bet it will. We will need to retool, to install offshore wind turbines instead of President Trump’s offshore drilling rigs. But there is no country and no workforce in the world that is more willing and more able to tackle the challenges of climate change head-on than the United States of America. Yes, it is hard, but it is what we do. It is who we are. The American people deserve leader-ship that knows the strength of the American people; leadership that be-lieves in the innovative resolve of American workers ready to build clean energy infrastructure of the world; leadership that will deliver a clear message to the Big Oil executives, hell- bent on protecting their own short- term profits and who don’t like being told that a place is off limits; leader-ship that will not chain our economy to the fossil fuels of the past; leader-ship that does not ignore the realities of climate change; and leadership that does not put our coastal communities at further risk of another devastating oilspill. The American people deserve leadership that works for their inter-ests, not for the interests of Big Oil. I yield to my colleague. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Virginia. 
f 
THOMASINA E. JORDAN INDIAN TRIBES OF VIRGINIA FEDERAL RECOGNITION ACT OF 2017 Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I rise today on a happy occasion, to discuss a House bill, H.R. 984, the Thomasina E. Jordan Indian Tribes of Virginia Fed-eral Recognition Act. This is a bill with a long history, and we are joined in the Chamber by the chiefs of six Vir-ginia Tribes whose past, present, and certainly future are connected to this bill. I will speak briefly. Then, Senator W
ARNER will speak. Then, the matter will be called up for a voice vote. Var-ious objections have been heard and then cleared, and so we are now ready to move forward with this bill, which passed the House in May. This is about Virginia Tribes that were here and encountered the English when they arrived at Georgetown in 1607—the Tribes of Pocahontas and so many other wonderful Virginians. They are living, breathing, active Tribes. They have never been recognized by the Federal Government for a series of reasons. First, they made peace too soon, in a way, and they have been punished for that. They entered into peace treaties with the English in the 1670s. Second, many of their Tribal records were destroyed in the Civil War. Third, a State official destroyed other records during the 1920s through 1960s. The power of these Tribes having achieved State recognition beginning many years ago—and they have never given up hope that they would be recognized by the U.S. Government, just as they have been recognized for hundreds of years by the Government of England. In fact, last spring, they went to Eng-land to celebrate the 400th anniversary of the death of Pocahontas. They were treated as sovereigns, treated with re-spect, and all they have asked is to be given the same treatment by the coun-try they love. This bill for Tribal recognition was first introduced by a Virginia Gov-ernor, then-Senator George Allen, in the 107th Congress. A House companion bill to the Senate version was passed in May, and that is the third time the House has passed this bill—first in 2007, and the second time was in 2009. I have had many productive discus-sions, as has Senator WARNER , over the last months about the bill, various questions about the history. We are now in a position where all objections have been cleared, and we are ready to move ahead. It is such a treat to be joined by the chiefs. It is such a treat to be joined by my colleague, my senior Senator. Sen-ator W
ARNER has worked tremendously hard on this, as have I, from the day he was Governor. I also have to give praise to Congressman W
ITTMAN on the House side, who has worked very hard to get to this day. It is a fundamental issue of respect and fairly acknowledging a historical record and a wonderful story of Tribes who are living, thriving, and surviving and are a rich part of our heritage. This is a happy day to stand upon their behalf. With that, I wish to yield to the sen-ior Senator. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Virginia. Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, let me join my friend and colleague Senator K
AINE. We and some of the folks who are in the Gallery today were not sure if this day would ever come. Even in the U.S. Congress and the U.S. Senate, occasionally we get things right. And, boy oh boy, this is a day where we get things right on a civil rights basis, on a moral basis, and on a fairness basis. To our friends who are representa-tives of some of the six Tribes who are finally going to be granted Federal rec-ognition, we thank you for your pa-tience, your perseverance, and your willingness to work with us and others. This has become an issue over the last 20-plus years. Democrats and Re-publicans alike in Virginia have ac-knowledged the fact that these six Tribes, whose history predates any Eu-ropean settlement in this country, whose history goes back, as Senator K
AINE mentioned, where they were rec-ognized by the United Kingdom and recognized by the British Government when they controlled our country—but through a series of circumstances, in many cases abetted by a backwards- looking government earlier in the 20th 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.018 S11JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S153 January 11, 2018 
century in Virginia that discriminated against these Native Americans in ways that were outrageous, where in many ways records that told of their proud history in our Commonwealth were destroyed after the Civil War in fires and courthouses—these Tribes have persevered. Today, finally, they are going to be granted Federal recognition and the re-spect that goes with that Federal rec-ognition, and they will be granted cer-tain additional opportunities in terms of special education, housing grants, affordable healthcare services, and most importantly, the ability to re-cover important artifacts in their his-tory. As has been mentioned, this bill has already passed the House. R
OBWITT-
MAN, a Republican Member, has been a champion. Senator K
AINE and I, both as Gov-ernors—in that role of Governor, one of the things that happen every day— every Thanksgiving day, these Tribes come in and, in effect, pay their taxes to the Commonwealth of Virginia. While Virginia has recognized these Tribes for some time, every year when we would have this ceremony—one of the most moving ceremonies that I know I have participated in as Gov-ernor, and I think Senator K
AINE and Senator Allen, who was also a cham-pion on this issue before us—these Tribes would come in and say: When will the U.S. Government recognize our existence, our history, and our legacy? Well, that wait is finally over. In a moment, I am going to be asking for unanimous consent, and the long, long wait will come to an end. As in legislative session, I ask unani-mous consent that the Indian Affairs Committee be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 984 and the Sen-ate proceed to its immediate consider-ation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 984) to extend Federal recogni-tion to the Chickahominy Indian Tribe, the Chickahominy Indian Tribe—Eastern Divi-sion, the Upper Mattaponi Tribe, the Rappa-hannock Tribe, Inc., the Monacan Indian Na-tion, and the Nansemond Indian Tribe. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. The bill was ordered to a third read-ing and was read the third time. Mr. WARNER. I know of no further debate on the measure. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? If not, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (H.R. 984) was passed. Mr. WARNER. I further ask unani-mous consent that the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that we proceed to the 1:45 p.m. vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Counts nomina-tion? Mr. INHOFE. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ), the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ), and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 96, nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 9 Ex.] YEAS—96 
Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NOT VOTING—4 
Alexander Booker Heller McCain 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The majority leader. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
RAPID DNA ACT OF 2017—MOTION TO PROCEED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand the Senate has received a message from the House to accompany S. 139. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator is correct. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I move that the Chair lay before the Senate the mes-sage to accompany S. 139 and ask for the yeas and nays on my motion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ), the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 68, nays 27, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 10 Leg.] YEAS—68 
Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Donnelly Duckworth Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Manchin McCaskill McConnell Murkowski Murphy Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Thune Tillis Warner Whitehouse Wicker Young 
NAYS—27 
Baldwin Brown Cantwell Coons Daines Durbin Gardner Gillibrand Harris Heinrich Hirono Leahy Lee Markey Menendez Merkley Moran Murray Paul Sanders Schatz Smith Tester Udall Van Hollen Warren Wyden 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.021 S11JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES154 January 11, 2018 
NOT VOTING—5 
Alexander Booker Heller McCain Toomey 
The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. 
CHANGE OF VOTE  
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, on roll-call vote No. 10, I voted yea. It was my intention to vote nay. Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that I be permitted to change my vote since it will not af-fect the outcome of the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (The foregoing tally has been changed to reflect the above order.) 
f 
RAPID DNA ACT OF 2017 The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair lays before the Senate the mes-sage from the House. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Resolved, That the bill from the Senate (S. 139) entitled ‘‘An Act to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform deci-sions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the in-nocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes.’’, do pass with an amendment. 
MOTION TO CONCUR  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to concur in the House amend-ment to S. 139. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
I send a cloture motion to the desk on the motion to concur. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur in the House amendment to S. 139, an act to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their condi-tions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, James M. Inhofe, Roy Blunt, Shelley Moore Capito, Marco Rubio, Johnny Isakson, Deb Fischer, John Boozman, Thom Tillis, Richard Burr, Pat Roberts, Orrin G. Hatch, Roger F. Wicker, John Cornyn, John Hoeven, John Thune, Mike Rounds. 
MOTION TO CONCUR WITH AMENDMENT NO . 1870 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to concur in the House amend-ment to S. 139, with a further amend-ment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] moves to concur in the House amend-ment to S. 139, with an amendment num-bered 1870. Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
At the end add the following. ‘‘This Act shall take effect 1 day after the date of enactment.’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays on the motion to concur with amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1871 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1870 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have a second-degree amendment at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 1871 to amendment No. 1870. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘1 day’’ and insert ‘‘2 days’’ 
MOTION TO REFER WITH AMENDMENT NO . 1872 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I move to refer the House message on S. 139 to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary with instruc-tions to report back forthwith with an amendment numbered 1872. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] moves to refer the House message to accompany S. 139 to the Committee on the Judiciary with instructions to report back forthwith with an amendment numbered 1872. 
The amendment is as follows: 
At the end add the following. ‘‘This Act shall take effect 3 days after the date of enactment.’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays on my motion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1873 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have an amend-ment to the instructions. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 1873 to the instructions of the motion to refer. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: Strike ‘‘3 days’’ and insert ‘‘4 days’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays on the amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1874 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1873 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have a second-de-gree amendment at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 1874 to amendment No. 1873. 
The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘4’’ and insert ‘‘5’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. 
RUSSIA  
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I take this time to share with my colleagues a report I released yesterday, which is the product of the Senate Foreign Re-lations Committee. The report is called ‘‘Putin’s Asymmetric Assault on De-mocracy in Russia and Europe: Impli-cations for U.S. National Security.’’ I commissioned this report to be done early in 2017. I had to make a decision on the allocation of resources, and I thought it was extremely important that the American people and the international community understand the breadth of Russia’s campaign against democratic institutions. Yes, we saw it in 2016 in the U.S. elec-tions, but that was only one part of a much broader design, and I recognized we needed to devote the resources at that time in order to make this report work. It is how Russia has interfered not just here in the United States but in Europe. I want to start with the statement that this is not a partisan report. Yes, I commissioned it as the Democratic ranking member because decisions had to be made early in 2017 on the alloca-tion of resources. I know the Presiding Officer knows, I worked very closely with Senator C
ORKER on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and throughout the development of this re-port, I have kept Senator C
ORKER in-formed. The work of this report has relied upon the work of many Members of the Senate on both sides of the aisle. In fact, I think the Presiding Officer will recall the work we did—Democrats and Republicans—in the passing of legisla-tion in 2017 that held Russia account-able for its maligned activities. I was proud that I had the strong cooperation and support and leadership in devel-oping that legislation from Senator M
CCAIN, Senator G RAHAM , and Senator R
UBIO, who contributed greatly to the enactment of that legislation, and on the Democratic side, Senator M
ENEN -
DEZ, Senator S HAHEEN , and Senator D
URBIN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA6.004 S11JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S155 January 11, 2018 
This report is the accumulation of a year’s work. It had professionalism and dedication and patriotism of the very talented staff at the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. I want to ac-knowledge that because I know all of us recognize that our staffs are criti-cally important to the work we do in the Senate. Damian Murphy was our captain on this project. He was the one who pro-vided the leadership to make sure we had a thorough report, that we had an accurate report, and that our rec-ommendations would be tailored to make our Nation more secure. Terrell Henry provided incredible help throughout the entire year. Laura Carey was an instrumental part of get-ting this done. Megan Barkley helped us with making sure all of the sources were properly cited. I also want to acknowledge my Democratic staff leader, Jessica Lewis, who really was the one who decided early that we could get this done and encouraged me to move forward. Lastly, this report has received con-siderable attention since I released it yesterday—considerable attention—be-cause this is the first comprehensive report that has been authored that deals with Russia’s maligned activities, which are global in nature. Sean Bart-lett was capable of making sure this story would be heard. I thank him for his professional work in the way we were able to get this report circulated. Following the 2016 elections, I thought it was important that we shed more light on the Russian Govern-ment’s efforts to interfere in democ-racies beyond our own. Anyone who thinks the threat posed by Russia is limited to hacking emails or the Amer-ican election in 2016 is missing the real story, and that is what this report shows. We wanted to describe the scale and scope of this threat to make the Amer-ican people aware that the Russian Government’s interference in the 2016 elections are part of a pattern of be-havior and warn that Russia could at-tack again in 2018 and 2020. The Krem-lin is a learning organization, and they are constantly perfecting and improv-ing their techniques. This report is the first government report to lay out in detail exactly how the Russians operate. Mr. Putin em-ploys an asymmetric arsenal that in-cludes not just military invasions—and they do use their military—but cyber attacks, disinformation and propa-ganda, and support for fringe political groups. They have employed the weaponization of energy resources. They have a network of organized crime, and they have a system that is fueled by corruption. This threat existed long before Presi-dent Trump and will remain following his tenure, unless he takes steps and we take steps to address it. Our report examines how the Russian Government has sought to interfere in 19 countries across Europe. Many les-sons are to be learned from our allies in Europe that have shown his behavior can be deterred. While many in the ex-ecutive branch understand the threat and have taken steps to address Mr. Putin’s asymmetric arsenal, Presi-dential leadership has been absent. Never before has a U.S. President so clearly ignored such a grave and grow-ing threat to our national security, and without Presidential leadership, the United States will remain uncoordi-nated in its response. The Washington Post reported in De-cember that the National Security Council has not had a meeting on coun-tering malign Russian influence—more than a year after the intelligence com-munity assessment that Russia inter-fered in our elections. Mr. Putin’s rise to power in 1999 was cynical and opportunistic. He capital-ized on a war in Chechnya and apart-ment bombings in Moscow to shore up his image as a strong hand that could steady the country after the rocky 1990s. To do so, this former KGB officer emboldened his security services to play an outsized, criminal role in run-ning the state. Mr. Putin’s regime used violence to stop those who opposed him in and outside of Russia, cheated his way through the Olympics, and, through his security services’ connec-tions with organized crime and money laundering, has emboldened cyber theft and racketeering that has real-world implications for U.S. companies and citizens. Mr. Putin developed his techniques first at home against his own people. In Russia, he repressed independent civil society, journalists, and political oppo-sition, while manipulating cultural and religious influences, the media and in-formation space, and a corrupt crony capitalist system to shore up his own regime. The tools in Mr. Putin’s asymmetric arsenal are drawn from a Soviet play-book but updated with new tech-nologies. These include propaganda and disinformation, cultivating political fringe, religious and cultural groups as influencers, and weaponizing crime and corruption as a system of governance. In Europe, Mr. Putin’s Russia has in-vaded countries, attempted coups, cut off countries from energy in the middle of winter, temporarily crippled govern-ments with cyber attacks, created a whole new way to exponentially spread fake news using bots and trolls, and used dirty money as a weapon to at-tempt to buy candidates and political parties. The report illustrates these events in more detail in the 19 coun-tries across Europe. The international response to the Kremlin’s arsenal has been a patch-work. Some European countries have shored up their democracies in ways the United States has yet to do, in a strategic, whole-of-government fash-ion. Europe’s experience with Russia’s meddling shows it can be deterred, and the United States must take steps to deter Russia now, as laid out in the re-port’s recommendations. The report helps us to understand why Mr. Putin is doing this. He is doing this because that is all he has. Russia’s economy is faltering. It has a limited military capacity. It doesn’t have many friends around the world. Its economy is about 7 percent the size of the U.S. economy—ranks No. 12 in the world. It is smaller than Italy or South Korea or Canada, but we have to acknowledge he has had success with the use of these tools, with the use of these weapons. He has accumulated, by reported sources, more than tens of billions of dollars of stolen wealth. He has a prop-aganda machine that has been able to make him popular at home and accom-plish many of his objectives in other countries. He has slowed down Serbia’s integration into the EU and Ukraine and Georgia’s ability to join NATO be-cause of Russia’s troops located in its countries. The report highlights the lessons we have learned from our Europeans. It is interesting, the Europeans understood this risk before we did and took action. The Brexit campaign in the UK, Russia was clearly engaged in it. Prime Min-ister May has made a resolute public statement that Russia’s meddling is unacceptable and will be countered. France looked at what happened in 2016 in the U.S. elections, and they took steps. The Macron campaign was subject to cyber attacks with emails from President Macron during the cam-paign. They were released shortly be-fore the runoff election, but France was prepared, and they were able to counter that. The French Government worked with independent media and political parties to expose and blunt the dissemination of fake news. In Germany, we saw the famous ‘‘Lisa case’’ that was fabricated by Russian-sponsored news outlets in order to incite the Russian-German community for an anti-migrant-type protest. The German Government bol-stered democratic cyber security capa-bilities, particularly after the 2015 hack of the Bundestag, and the Interior Minister proposed creating a Center of Defense Against Misinformation. Ger-many has acted. In the Nordic countries, the states have largely adopted a whole-of-society approach, with an emphasis on edu-cation that teaches critical thinking and media literacy. They have a cur-riculum in their school for their schoolchildren to be able to differen-tiate between what is real and what is fake in the news. In Lithuania, the government diver-sified its supplies of natural gas. All the Baltic governments have worked to integrate their electricity grids to re-duce dependency on Russia for energy needs. In Spain, the Spanish Government has investigated, exposed, and cut off significant money-laundering oper-ations by Russia-based organized crime. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.033 S11JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES156 January 11, 2018 
So what do we do about this? Russia has this plan to compromise our demo-cratic institutions. What do we do about it? Well, the report spells out many, many recommendations. I am proud to say that many of these rec-ommendations have been championed by Members on both sides of the aisle. First, we call upon Presidential lead-ership. We need President Trump to ac-knowledge the threat and establish a high-level interagency fusion cell to coordinate all elements of U.S. policy on the Russian Government’s malign influence operations. The President should present to Congress a com-prehensive national strategy and work to get it implemented and funded. Second, the U.S. Government needs to support democratic institution building and values abroad. We need stronger support for these programs. The United States should provide as-sistance to help bolster democratic in-stitutions in European states. Members of the U.S. Congress should conduct hearings and use their plat-form to make democracy and human rights an essential part of their agen-da. I am proud of the work we have done in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Working with Senator C
ORKER , we have highlighted human rights throughout the year, but we need to do more. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee has rec-ommended to the full Senate that we pass legislation so we can start evalu-ating every country and its ability to fight corruption, patterned after the ‘‘Trafficking in Persons Report’’ on human trafficking. We need to get that bill enacted into law. Third, we need to expose and freeze Kremlin-linked dirty money. We should declassify any intelligence re-lated to Mr. Putin’s personal corrup-tion and cut off Mr. Putin and his inner circle from the international financial system. We know that the elite class in Russia does not want to hold their money in rubles; they want dollars. We have to deny them that opportunity. They also would like visas to visit the United States; they don’t want to be stuck in Russia. Those sanctions have an impact, and we need to make sure they are enforced. Fourth, we need to create a ‘‘state hybrid threat actors’’ designation and impose a sanctions regime. The United States should designate countries that employ malign influence operations to assault democracies as ‘‘state hybrid threat actors.’’ Those designated would fall under a preemptive escalating sanctions regime that would be applied whenever the state uses weapons like cyber attacks to interfere with a demo-cratic election or disrupt a country’s vital infrastructure. We need to make it clear that, yes, we want relations with all countries, constructive rela-tions, but if they are going to use these weapons against our democratic insti-tutions, we need to be prepared to in-crease our sanctions against these countries. Quite frankly, what we must under-stand is the importance of democracy against what Mr. Putin is trying to do. Fifth, we have to defend the United States and Europe against foreign funding that erodes democracy. We need to pass legislation to require full disclosure of shell company owners and improve transparency for funding of political parties, campaigns, and advo-cacy groups. We have bipartisan legis-lation to do that. Let’s get that passed. We know that shell companies are shielding illegal funds. Let’s make sure that Russia’s game plan is not funded through shell companies that are lo-cated here. Sixth, we need U.S. leadership to build global cyber defenses and norms and to establish a rapid reaction team to defend allies under attack. We should push NATO to consider the im-plications of a cyber attack within the context of article V and our ability to defend each other. We should also lead an effort to establish an international treaty on the use of cyber tools in peacetime, modeled on the inter-national arms control treaties. Lastly, we need to hold social media companies accountable. Government should mandate transparency for fund-ing political advertisements. This is the new way of communications. We have to catch up with technology in our laws. We require traditional adver-tisers to disclose all this information, but we have left social media alone be-cause we didn’t know about it when we passed these laws. We have to make sure that we have full laws on disclo-sure. Companies should conduct audits on possible Kremlin-supported med-dling in European elections over the past several years. Companies should establish civil society advisory coun-cils and work with civil society and government to promote media literacy. That is just a sampling of some of the recommendations that are in this report. It is pretty comprehensive, but I think it does give us a game plan to understand that we can protect our na-tional security, and we must. Following the end to World War II, the United States led the world in con-structing the liberal international order, underpinned by democratic in-stitutions, shared values, and accepted norms. It protects our shared security, advances our interests, and expands our prosperity. Yet the defense of that system of institutions and democratic principles is anathema to Mr. Putin, who seeks to protect little more than his power and wealth. It is therefore up to the United States and our allies to engage in a coordinated effort to counter the Kremlin’s assaults on de-mocracy in Europe, the United States, and around the world. In closing, we must take care to point out that there is a distinction be-tween Mr. Putin’s corrupt regime and the people of Russia, who have been some of his most frequent victims. Many Russian citizens strive for a more transparent and accountable gov-ernment that operates under the demo-cratic rule of law, and we hope for bet-ter relations in the future with a Rus-sian Government that reflects these values. We applaud the courage we saw very recently from the protesters in Russia, who stood up against Mr. Putin because they want basic freedom in their country. I remember very clearly that when we passed the Magnitsky law that holds those who violated the basic human rights, in Russia, of Sergei Magnitsky, who was just doing his job as a lawyer—that they would be denied our banking system and denied the ability to travel to this country—when that bill was enacted, it was the people who were protesting against the gov-ernment who said: That law passed by the U.S. Congress was the most pro- Russian bill passed by the U.S. Con-gress. We stand with the people of Rus-sia. I am also the ranking Democrat in the U.S. Helsinki Commission. I have worked for the Helsinki Commission for a long time. The Helsinki Commis-sion includes all the countries of Eu-rope and the former Soviet Union, the United States, and Canada. All coun-tries had signed on to the Helsinki Final Act. It talks about basic demo-cratic principles, and it gives each member state the right to challenge the activities of every other member state. We have an obligation to call out what Mr. Putin is doing because it is not only against our national security interests; it is not only hurting the people of Russia; it is against the com-mitments Russia made in the Organiza-tion for Security and Co-operation in Europe. The United States must work with our allies to build defenses against Mr. Putin’s asymmetric arsenal and strengthen international norms and values to deter such malign behavior by Russia or any other country. I stand ready to work with all of my colleagues to protect our national se-curity interests and to recognize the threat that Mr. Putin poses to our democratic institutions. I look forward to a day when we can truly have a bet-ter relationship with Russia because they stop this assault on democratic institutions in Europe, the United States, or anywhere in the world. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. 
MY SENATE AGENDA  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, earlier this month, I announced that my cur-rent term of service would be my last. Since then, many of my colleagues have asked how I feel with my Senate tenure drawing to a close. I think many expect me to say that I feel an overwhelming sense of satisfaction and relief. Hardly. If anything, the decision to retire has imbued me with a sense of urgency that I have never felt before. With a year left in office, I have an agenda that is as ambitious as ever, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.035 S11JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S157 January 11, 2018 
and the ticking shot clock is a con-stant reminder of just how much I have left to accomplish. Just 168 legislative days remain in my Senate term, and I can assure you that those 168 days will be among the proudest and the most productive periods in all my public service. Anyone who thought O
RRIN HATCH  would coast quietly into his golden years clearly doesn’t know me. The stars have aligned for this year to be one of my most successful yet. So don’t expect me to go gentle into that good night. Expect me to be right here on the Senate floor, early and often, push-ing the most critical reforms of this Congress. Expect me to take the lead on a Finance Committee agenda that will equal in ambition our accomplish-ments of 2017. Expect me to be the same steady presence in this body that I have been for the last 41 years. Above all, expect a flurry of legisla-tive activity from my office. I have a dedicated staff. They are determined to drive this old workhorse into the ground. And I have arguably the best working relationship with this Presi-dent of anyone on Capitol Hill. Add to this the advantages that accrue from a lifetime of legislative experience and bipartisan dealmaking. The point I wish to make is simple: In legislative terms, my final year could well be the most fruitful yet, and I hope it will be. In the months ahead, I am eager to capitalize on our tax reform victory by putting the Nation back on the path to fiscal sustainability, finding a way for-ward on immigration, and securing long-term funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program—a program that I helped put into law and have been very pleased with over the years. I also intend to update our intellectual property laws for the 21st century, enact key fixes to our higher education system, and fill our courts with as many qualified judges as possible. Likewise, I look forward to working with my colleagues across the aisle to improve the competitiveness of our workforce, strengthen digital privacy, and blaze new trails on medical mari-juana research. But this brief overview doesn’t cover even half of my agenda for 2018, nor does it include some of the legislative surprises I plan for later this year. The virtue of being a seven-term Senator with a reservoir of good will is that you have a little bit of latitude in your final year. That is why my plan is to go big and to go bold, because unless you are Michael Jordan, you retire only once, so you might as well make the most of it. The truth is, I put the pieces in place long ago to ensure that my final year in office would be a legislative knock-out, so no one should count me out, not for a single second, and anyone who does should be reminded that I can do in just a few months what it takes most a decade to complete. Tough old birds like me don’t have lameduck years; we just dig in and get tougher. For me, 2018 is not a victory lap but a sprint to the finish, and I plan to finish strong. I look forward to working with all of you until the very end. With that, I just want to say how much I love the Senate, how much I love my colleagues on both sides of the floor, how much I have enjoyed work-ing with all of you over all these years and will enjoy this remaining year hopefully even more. I hope I can do some things that will be very bene-ficial to our country, to all of us, and that will help us all feel better about our service here and help us all strive to do better together. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The Senator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I want to assure the Senator from Utah, who just spoke, who is also the President pro tempore of this entire body, that he is well regarded on both sides of the aisle. I don’t think any Senator has had a more distinguished or consequen-tial career—four decades of legislating. I want to assure the Senator that no-body thinks he is going to slow down. In fact, as he just said, he has plenty on his agenda for the next year, and we look forward to working with him dur-ing that time period. We also wish him well on his retire-ment. I have talked to him a little about this. He has a wonderful family, and he has big plans for the future with some important work he wants to do in public policy through his foundation. I have so much respect for Senator H
ATCH . I thank him so much for what he did most recently to help guide us through this latest tax reform and tax cut bill that actually is making a dif-ference for the people I represent and he represents. Mr. HATCH. If the Senator will yield, I thank the Senator so much. I am grateful for the friendship that I have with all of you but especially with him. He is one of the up-and-coming, mov-ing, strong Senators in this body. I have tremendous respect for his work ethic, the effort he has put forth on a daily basis, the ethics that he imposes upon himself, and the logistical all around way of doing the Senate’s work. I am very pleased to have him as a friend. Mr. PORTMAN. I thank the Senator. I have to get the last word, though, be-cause this is about the Senator. Senator H
ATCH said he loves this place and he loves its Members. There is a lot of love for him in this place on both sides of the aisle, and it is well de-served and earned. 
RUSSIA  
Mr. President, I heard Senator C
ARDIN earlier speaking about the threat that Russia poses not just to us—and the meddling that has been oc-curring here in our elections over the years—but also the threat that they pose to other democracies around the world, particularly in Eastern Europe. I appreciate his report. I appreciate the fact that he has worked with a number of us, including Senator MURPHY , on the other side of the aisle, to put for-ward legislation to try to push back against this disinformation. In fact, we have required that the State Department increase their ef-forts through what is called the Global Engagement Center. I am meeting with the Deputy Secretary of State here after this speech, and I am going to speak more about that with him, but we really want to be sure that the United States is taking more aggres-sive action against the kind of disinformation that can destabilize de-mocracies. We heard some of the examples of what his report was able to uncover in terms of some of the Russian activity, particularly, again, in Europe and in Eastern Europe. This is an issue. It is a foreign policy issue that we have been, in my view, slow to respond to. It didn’t start with the last Presidential election, and it will not end with this last Presidential election unless we take a more aggressive stance and step up. So I appreciate that it has been a bi-partisan effort that we should acknowl-edge as Americans that it is in our in-terests to push back against the disinformation and the propaganda and the destabilization of democracies. 
TAX REFORM  
Today, Mr. President, I wish to speak about some good news; that is, that here in Congress we actually did some-thing with the tax relief and tax re-form legislation that is actually cre-ating a better economy and more hope for people. There was news announced today, just a few minutes ago, that is in addi-tion to the news we have heard over the last few weeks. This historic tax reform was created, we will remember, with two goals in mind. One was to cut taxes for middle-class families—so in-dividual tax cuts. The second part of it was to make America a better place to do business. Let’s ensure that there will be more jobs created here rather than elsewhere. Let’s level the playing field so our workers aren’t competing with one hand tied behind their back. As I have said through the process and as we developed this bill, we had a bipartisan agreement that our Tax Code was broken, but we couldn’t seem to come up with an agreement of how to fix it. Some Democrats said: Well, that is great that you guys have done this bill, but it is not going to help. I said at the time: The proof will be what happens, what happens to jobs, what happens to wages, what happens to the economy in general, and what happens to your paycheck. I am here to announce today that the results have been pretty darn impres-sive, and they have been across the board—all of those things I talked about. We have already seen as a result of this tax legislation that America has become a better place to do business. All over the country there are compa-nies and businesses, small and large, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.036 S11JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES158 January 11, 2018 
that have stepped forward to talk about that. I now have a list of 150 businesses—and I am sure there are many, many more—that have decided to do something. Either they an-nounced a pay increase, a bonus, an in-creased 401(k) contribution, an in-creased pension contribution, or maybe a new investment in equipment and in technology to make workers more competitive. All of this is specifically because of the tax relief and reform bill. That is what is happening. For those who haven’t followed it, even today another company, Walmart—the largest employer in my State—announced that they are indeed going to increase pay and provide bo-nuses to over 1 million workers. Some companies have actually announced a combination of things, not just a pay increase but maybe a pay increase as well as an increased contribution to a 401(K) or an increased contribution to a charity. So I think we are already seeing the direct effects—the direct and very posi-tive beneficial effects—of this tax re-form legislation, as many have hoped that we would see, given the fact that we wrote it to create these incentives for more jobs and better jobs. But today we are going to begin to see the direct effects of the other part of the bill; that is, the tax relief di-rectly to individuals. The IRS just an-nounced about an hour ago that they are publishing updates to the tax with-holding tables for employers. Now, what does this mean? This means that Uncle Sam is going to take a little less of your paycheck, and you are going to see it on your paycheck. So the with-holding—the amount that is withheld from your paycheck with taxes—is going to be changed. The Treasury De-partment says that for 90 percent of Americans—90 percent—there will be a change in withholding that will be positive for them. In other words, they will have less money coming out of their paycheck. Most people whom I represent in my home State of Ohio live paycheck to paycheck. This is really important. We talked earlier about how much this is going to be: $2,000 a family on average. That is the median income for a family in Ohio. Whatever the amount is, this is significant, and it is something that people are going to be pretty surprised about because so many people have misrepresented what this legislation is about. They are now seeing that it is about jobs, it is about wages, it is about bonuses, and so on. But they are also going to see in their own paycheck that it is about more take-home pay. It is about having a little healthier fam-ily budget. So, again, as we went through this process, when we would have these de-bates I would say: I encourage people to look online, to look at the profes-sionals, to look at a tax calculator. I said: The proof is in your paycheck. I think the proof will be in their pay-checks—more hard-earned money stay-ing in their pocket rather than going to Washington is something that my constituents will like, particularly if we see this economy start to pick up because of this tax reform bill, which, by the way, will result in a stronger economy. Therefore, there will be more revenue through growth. So the Federal Gov-ernment will have more revenue com-ing in. Every 1-percent increase in GDP—a 1-percent increase in growth in this country—means about $2.7 trillion in increased revenue coming into the Federal coffers. So that is more rev-enue coming in, not from a tax in-crease but from growth. That is the kind of revenue we want to have to be able to deal with many issues we face on the fiscal side, including our large deficits and debt, and that we will also begin to see as we see a better economy grow and develop because of this tax reform legislation. That is my strong belief and, again, I think the evidence is pretty clear that we are headed that way. I want to commend the IRS for mov-ing so quickly because this is pretty quick for us to turn it around. We just passed the legislation at the end of the year. It became effective on January 1. Here we are on January 11, and we are already seeing them changing the with-holding that is going to go to the em-ployers so that employers will with-hold less from people’s paychecks. I also want to personally commend the Treasury Secretary, Steven Mnuchin, because I know he has a pas-sion to make sure that our hard-work-ing taxpayers get this tax relief as soon as possible. My sense is that he is the one who has promoted our moving quickly on this, in a professional and careful way so that the withholding ta-bles are accurate but ensuring that we do allow people to begin to have a little more in their paychecks to be able to help make ends meet. Again, with most people I represent living paycheck to paycheck this is a big deal. Steve Mnuchin has been, I think, essential to getting this done as quickly as it has been done, as he was essential in the tax reform legislation, along with Gary Cohn of the White House, and others. So this law is going to help middle- class families in three main ways. First, it cuts taxes across the board. As I noted, the IRS announcement means that about 90 percent of tax-payers will see more money in their paychecks. They do this in a number of ways in the tax reform legislation, and I am talking about the reform notice here. It is Notice 1036. For those who want to go online and look at it, just go on the IRS website, irs.gov, and you can see it, the new withholding tables. They lay all of this out. Depending on how much your paycheck is, whether you are paid weekly, biweekly, semi-monthly, or monthly, you see what your benefits are going to be. But it happens because there is a doubling of the standard deduction, and most peo-ple already take the standard deduc-tion in my State of Ohio. Now more people will take it because there is a doubling and essentially a zero tax bracket. So it goes from about $12,000 a family to about $24,000 a family. It also has a lowering of the rate of tax. So your tax rate is going to be lower relative to what it was before this. Also, if you have kids, you get a dou-bling of the child tax credit, including part of that being an increase in the refundability of that if you don’t have income tax liability. But if you still have expenses, if you still have payroll taxes, you get your benefit there. So these are the kinds of things that, combined, end up with this notice going out saying: You are going to have a little more in your paycheck. Second, the result of these tax cuts is going to take about 3 million Ameri-cans off the tax rolls altogether. I say ‘‘about’’ because the Joint Committee on Taxation doesn’t have the final number yet but they have told me that it is at least 3 million Americans who now pay income taxes who will no longer have income tax liability. Now, they may have payroll tax liabilities, and they may have State and local taxes, but the point is that this was about Federal income reform and re-lief, and they are going to be out from under the IRS and again be able to help make ends meet. That is as a result of this legislation. I said earlier that about $2,000 per family is the average tax savings for a median family income in Ohio, $2,000 a year in tax relief is about the average. This is important because as ex-penses have gone up over the last cou-ple of decades—particularly, healthcare expenses in the last dec-ade—wages have not. So wages have been relatively flat. In fact, on aver-age, if you take inflation into account, they have been flat over the last couple of decades. We are beginning to see some increase in wages now. This is terrific, but with wages being flat and expenses up, people have had a real squeeze, and that middle-class squeeze is real in my home State. So this is extra money that families—many peo-ple living paycheck to paycheck—can use for expenses like healthcare, maybe make a car payment, save for retirement, or maybe help their kids. The second goal of this tax reform, boosting the American economy, is also beginning to happen, as I said ear-lier. When the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act became law, immediately we saw a number of companies and businesses, small and large, around the country say: We are going to do something about this. I remember being home over the holidays and, actually, the day after Christmas, December 26, I was talking with friends, and a guy who owns a small manufacturing busi-ness, the brother of a friend of mine, said: Would you be willing to come out to our little company to talk about the tax bill? I said: Sure, if we can figure it out schedulewise. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.037 S11JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S159 January 11, 2018 
He said: Because I want to give my employees a bonus. I am looking at this tax bill, how it is going to affect our little business, and what it is going to do for us to be able to invest more in the company, and I want to give my employees a $1,000 bonus—everybody, 137 employees—and I also want to do something in terms of investing in my equipment because I want to make my people more competitive. This is a small manufacturer in Cin-cinnati, OH, that makes a high-quality product, a precision product, and he wants to make sure that his people have the best equipment to be competi-tive. In his case, he has competition from overseas, as do a lot of American businesses, either directly or indirectly these days in an increasingly global economy, and he wants to be sure he is competitive. So I went there. I went to the company, Sheffer Cor-poration, and I had the opportunity to talk about the tax reform bill and what it does across the board. He made the announcement, and I can tell you that people were very happy because these are folks who work hard and play by the rules. They aren’t looking for any kind of a handout, but what they do want is to be able to know that if they work hard and do the right thing, they will be able to see a little better future for themselves and their kids and their grandkids and not have that middle- class squeeze we talked about, where wages are flat and expenses are up. When the economy is not growing at a fast rate, which we have seen over the last decade, it is really a challenge. When we have an economy growing at 2 percent or less, it is tough to see that kind of open opportunity. Now, with this tax reform bill, I think we have a much better chance of seeing that. In fact, looking at some of the projections for next year, it looks like most people think the economy is going to grow at better than 2 percent—maybe 3 percent or maybe a little higher. We don’t know. The point is that people are going to have more hope and oppor-tunity. It is not just Sheffer, though. In my hometown of Cincinnati, the Fifth Third Bank announced a companywide wage increase. So wages are going to go up for entry-level jobs and push all wages, as well as bonuses, for 13,000 em-ployees in Cincinnati. Across the country we have seen this. Tomorrow I will be at a plant in Cleve-land, OH, that is putting more money into their pension plan. I think it is going to be about $15 million into a pension plan, which isn’t in terrible shape, but it could be a lot healthier. That is going to help those employees directly. Last Friday I was at a plant in Co-lumbus, OH, a small manufacturer, Wolf Metals. They do an awesome job there competing with people all around the globe, and they are going to make more investments in equipment. In fact, I like this comparison to the tax bill because one of the pieces of equip-ment—a $1 million piece of equipment they are going to replace with the tax bill savings—is 32 years old. The Tax Code that we reformed was 31 years old. So it is time, don’t you think, every few decades to actually reform our Tax Code, to bring it up to speed and make it more competitive to give our workers the edge, just as it is time to replace that machine to give his em-ployees, what they need to compete globally. Nationwide Insurance in Columbus, OH, is going to reinvest in their work-ers. Western & Southern Financial Group, Boeing, Comcast, and AT&T are some of the big companies we have heard about. They have all announced increased investments in their workers and new investments in their oper-ations as a result of this law. With regard to Walmart, they employ about 1.5 million Americans now. As I said, it is the largest employer in Ohio, with over 50,000 employees. They are going to raise wages, provide bonuses, and expand benefits for the workers as a result of this tax reform legislation. So these are the results. This isn’t a hypothetical. This is not something we are just saying might happen; it is something that is actually happening. I think every single American is going to see a benefit from this because a stronger economy helps everyone. The 90 percent of people who see their withholdings change so that they have more tax relief are obviously going to see it. The people who work in the businesses we have talked are going to see it. But all of us benefit. President John F. Kennedy once said something I think makes a lot of sense. He talked about a rising tide. He said, ‘‘A rising tide lifts all . . . [ships].’’ In other words, it helps to have a growing economy. These results are going to help with regard to our competitiveness too. Right now, we have a situation where, because of our Tax Code, jobs and in-vestments are going overseas. Now, we may not hear as much about this, but what we are going to see is fewer for-eign companies buying U.S. companies and, therefore, less investment in jobs going overseas. In 2016, the last year for which we have numbers, three times as many American companies were bought by foreign companies as the other way around. Ernst & Young has done a study saying that over the past 13 years, 4,700 American companies were purchased by a foreign company that otherwise would still be American if we had in place this tax bill that we have now. Part of the result of this tax reform and tax cut legislation we are talking about today is obvious. We will see bet-ter jobs, higher wages, more invest-ment in companies, more investment in retirement—all the things we all want to see, Republican and Democrat alike. Part of it is the tax cuts. Today, with the IRS announcement, people will see this in their paychecks. If not this next pay period, they will see it before February 15 because that is what the Treasury Department is re-quiring companies to do. So it is com-ing soon. The other part we may not see, but is very real, is that the decline we have seen in American competitiveness—the result being that jobs and investment go overseas—is going to start to re-verse, and it is none too soon. We need-ed to do this years ago. Many of us have been talking about it for years. Finally, we are putting American workers in a position where they can compete and they can win. Isn’t that what it is all about? I don’t want these 4,700 companies going overseas. I don’t want three times as many American companies bought by foreign compa-nies instead of the other way around. We don’t want that. What we want is people to say: I am going to invest in America and American workers. I believe we have so many advantages in this country, and we are so blessed to be Americans. We have great univer-sities. We have the opportunity here, through our workforce, to be as pro-ductive as anybody in the world. But when we have a tax code that is hold-ing us back, it is unfair. It is our re-sponsibility as Members of Congress to fix it, and that is what we have done. We should have done this sooner, but now that we have done it, I think we will see continued good results, as we have talked about today. We are going to see the opportunity for more invest-ments in American workers, in Amer-ican jobs, in American families, and in American businesses, and that invest-ment will pay off for all of us. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. 
IMMIGRATION  
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, today I was honored to be invited to the White House and included in a small meeting with President Trump, and it was very clear that I was invited to the White House to stand firm with President Trump today. We talked about immi-gration, and today I was proud to stand with our President. We have been crystal clear. Chain migration must end, period. Any solu-tion to our current immigration crisis that the U.S. Senate will consider must include ending chain migration. Before I talk about the details of what chain migration is, I want to put it in per-spective. Our immigration crisis today has been longstanding. We had a law writ-ten in 1965 and other changes in 1986, but it has really not been since 1991 that there has been any meaningful im-migration change. Three times in the last 11 years, well- intended people in this body and in the House have done a yeoman’s job of try-ing to solve the comprehensive prob-lem of immigration in the United States—without success. Here we are, again, right now, facing a deadline that the President has put on, and right-fully so. We have a sense of urgency. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.038 S11JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES160 January 11, 2018 
The President has done a couple of things. He has defined the scope of the problem, and he has defined a sense of urgency for the people in Congress. The legal immigration system right now is broken, but to deal with that, we have to deal with our entire immi-gration system in pieces. The reason I believe most past efforts have failed is that they tried to do a comprehensive solution. Today, we are breaking it into three areas. One is our legal immigration system, and the next step might be our temporary work visas. Today, we bring in about 1.1 million legal immigrants a year, and I will talk about how that re-lates historically. But we issue about 2.2 million temporary work visas a year. Then the third issue is, of course, the people who are in the United States illegally. President Trump had a meeting 2 days ago at the White House. In that meeting, he had Democrats, Repub-licans, Members of the House, and Members of this body, the Senate, and he drove consensus in that meeting. It was very interesting that he had the media in there for almost 60 min-utes for an open dialogue, and we heard from all people in that room about their position on these topics. I thought it was very interesting that the President had the courage to put this issue in front of the American peo-ple and create an air of transparency that we have not had on this issue in decades. In that meeting, he drove two conclusions: one, a scope of the prob-lem and, two, a sense of urgency. The scope is very simply defined as this: We have to address the DACA sit-uation. The President has given Con-gress the date of March 5 to come up with a solution for these individuals who are in the country illegally—but not of their doing. The second issue is border security. We know that border security is a na-tional security issue as much as it is an immigration issue. The good news is that we know that illegal crossings of our southern border are down dramati-cally this year just because of a couple of reasons. One is the enforcement of current law, and the second is an un-derstanding around the world that we are going to deal with this issue. The third piece of the scope is chain migration. Any solution to the DACA situation or the legal immigration sit-uation must include addressing the chain migration issue. Then the last is this archaic diver-sity visa lottery we have in the United States that was related to at least one of the terrorist attacks, and chain mi-gration was involved in both of the ter-rorist attacks we have recently experi-enced here in the United States. With regard to DACA, the first item on the scope is that we know we have a March 5 deadline. There is a growing consensus in this body of how to deal with that, and there is great latitude on the part of Republicans in this body to deal with that in a way, with our Democratic partners here, to get a con-sensus bill that solves this once and for all. The second is border security. Here, with the President’s leadership and in these recent meetings with Democrats and Members of the House, there is a growing consensus that we can deal with the national security issues re-lated to our southern border. We don’t need a 2,000-mile wall, as even the President of the United States has said just this week. But there are things we need to do, and we need to do them quickly. The President today said that his goal is to get this done this year. Com-ing from the real world, I know that is possible. This President, who comes from the real world and is an outsider to this community here in Washington, knows that is possible, and I think he is going to hold us accountable to that. The third area I mentioned before is chain migration. I will say more about that in a minute. The fourth is the diversity lottery. This diversity lottery has not served us well. It is not the number; it is the way it is being handled. We know there is fraud, and we know this is a loophole terrorists are now using to put people in their chain inside the United States. There is a growing consensus on these four items of this scope that the President has defined, and we had a consensus in that room 2 days ago in the White House. There is consensus that we can get to a solution within the timeframe here, but let me be very clear. Any deal—whether it is in busi-ness, sports, or certainly in politics— has to have some symmetry. Therefore, any solution for the DACA situation must include a solution for our chain migration crisis. We must continue working with the President. He is holding us account-able. He is moving at a business pace, but to do that, we really have to talk about chain migration. I understand there are other areas that we have to talk about, as well, but there is a lot of disinformation about what it really is. Chain migration is nothing more than a law put in place in 1965 to allow legal permanent residents and U.S. citizens to sponsor people for U.S. citi-zenship. It was put in place in 1965. It has been updated a little bit. But today, a legal permanent resident—for the most part, this is someone who has come in qualified in our legal immigra-tion system, who goes through a 5-year waiting period, who eventually can apply for U.S. citizenship. While they are a legal permanent resident, almost immediately they can sponsor spouses, minor children, and unmarried adult children. That is current law. Once they become a citizen—and this is true of any U.S. citizen, whether they were a recent immigrant or were born here; a U.S. citizen can sponsor their parents, their spouses, minor children, unmarried adult children, married adult children, and siblings. The issue around this is pretty sim-ple. We have a chart here which shows that in 1965, when this law was put in place, approximately 300,000 U.S. citi-zens were brought into the United States in that year under this system. Last year, we had, roughly, about 1.1 million. We had a high of somewhere close to 1.3 million. But we can see, this is a geometric progression that in-creases unbounded. It is not really the number here, but it is the balance that we have lost. What happens, and the criticism I have as a business guy looking at this, is that the individuals who determine who future immigrants are going to be are current and recent immigrants. We don’t have many guidelines. We have a country cap system which says that most countries have a percentage of the total they have to have, and they can’t exceed that. But there is no real cap here, such that if all these numbers were maximized, then over time you would see this number go up geometrically. We have a second chart that shows this and demonstrates that over a very short period of time, the numbers can increase dramatically, as we have seen in the last 40 or so years. There have been studies on this. Princeton has a study which says that right now, based on recent history, any immigrant who comes in sponsors somewhere around 3.5 future immi-grants within a short period of time. We don’t know what the 3.5 immi-grants do when they get sponsored and become citizens or legal permanent residents, but if you extrapolate this out—let’s say we start with 2 million as a starting point. They become citi-zens and they sponsor—let’s just say the number is 3. In the first iteration, now we have 6 million people sponsored by the original 2 million; then the sec-ond iteration goes from 6 to 18; and in the fourth iteration we are at 54 mil-lion people. So all of a sudden, as you can see, there is no limit here, other than the country caps, and the country caps do not limit the total number. They limit the mix. What is wrong with this system? The problem, as I said just now, is that fu-ture immigrants are determined by current immigrants without any re-gard to their ability to participate in the system. The second one is that because you can bring parents in, immigrants who come in under this system and become U.S. citizens can bring their parents in, and all of a sudden, now we have an aged population coming in—not a younger population—and they then draw social services on an already bankrupt system. Chain migration is not based on skill or the ability to participate in the cur-rent economic situation in the United States. Last year, we brought in 1.1 million immigrants. Of that, 140,000 were immigrants who were related to the worker; 70,000 were the workers, and the other 70,000 were their imme-diate family. So we can see that over 950,000 people were derivative iterations of what I am talking about. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.041 S11JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S161 January 11, 2018 
The third thing is that if chain mi-gration is not stopped, it continues to incentivize future illegal immigration because of what you can do once you get here. Chain migration is another problem with the DACA situation because if you permit a pathway to some sort of legalized situation in the United States for the DACA population, you end up with a situation where those people who are then legalized can sponsor their parents. The problem with that is, the DACA population is not vio-lating fair law, but their parents have. The last issue I will bring up is, the national security issues are profound. We have seen two national security in-cidents just this past year related to chain migration and the diversity visa lottery. There is more than enough evi-dence to show this has to be addressed. Again, any symmetric deal on immi-gration has to include, I believe, the four points the President talked about the other day. We have to deal with the DACA situation. We have to deal with our border security, and that means building a wall. We have to deal with the chain migration issues, and we have to deal with this diversity visa lottery. The President demands it. The American people demand it. Today, as a matter of fact, over 80 percent of America believes we need to deal with the DACA situation. Likewise, 72 per-cent of people in America believe the immigration law should be the worker, the spouse, and their immediate minor children only—72 percent. I can’t think of another issue that has come before this body where we had those sorts of agreements in the American popu-lation. The President wants results. He has charged leadership in this body and the House and those of us who have been involved in this for some time to get to it. There is a March 5 deadline loom-ing. Some people say there is a Janu-ary 19 date that has to do with funding the government. I personally believe the two have nothing to do with each other, but we want a sense of urgency. The President has demanded it. We need it. We know there are going to be other steps. This is not the last step to this problem. We know we have to deal with how we bring people to the United States. We need a balance. Of course, we want to continue to be the open arms of the world today in terms of welcoming people to our shores. Just look at what is written on the Statue of Liberty. Who can argue with that? At the same time, we have to have a balance. Right now, we don’t bring in people who are contributing to the economy, for the most part, and we are eliminating—we are not bringing in people who can contribute. All we are asking for is a dialogue to bring bal-ance back to that system. I am excited to be a part of this dia-logue because I believe we have a unique, historic opportunity with peo-ple on the other side and people on this side who generally have hearts that are not that dissimilar with regard to how to deal with the DACA population, how to deal with the Dreamers population, how to deal with future immigrant populations that are coming to the United States. We can have those de-bates, and we are having them now. I welcome input from all points. I am anxious to get to the bottom line of this. I will close with this. It is exciting to have leadership from the executive branch on this issue that has put the responsibility back on this body to come up with something that will not allow us to be back here in the next 3, 5, or 20 years dealing with this same problem. We have a historic oppor-tunity. It is time to get to it. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. 
JUDICIAL NOMINATIONS  
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I have been consistently voting against clo-ture motions to proceed to debate on judicial nominations, and I would like to take this opportunity to explain why. The Senate has a constitutional obligation to provide advice and con-sent on judicial nominees, and I take this obligation very seriously. The American people depend on the Senate to fully consider and vet each judicial nominee because throughout the course of their lifetime appoint-ment, judges will issue rulings and opinions that touch each of our lives. The process of nominating, consid-ering, and confirming judges should be a deliberate one. Its purpose should not be to confirm as many judges as quick-ly as possible. Senators should be able to provide input on who should sit on the Federal bench; Senators should have an adequate opportunity to hear from third-party experts about the records and qualifications of each nominee; and Senators should have enough time to question and examine a nominee during a confirmation hear-ing. Insisting on a deliberate and com-prehensive process is not, as some of my Republican colleagues might argue, an effort to deny the President his pre-rogative to nominate judges to lifetime appointments to the Federal bench. In-stead, this process is essential in deter-mining whether each nominee is quali-fied for the job and can separate their personal ideology from the decisions he or she renders. For a lifetime appoint-ment to the Federal bench, this shouldn’t be too much to ask. Over the past year, we have observed a number of concerning issues in the nomination and confirmation process for Federal judges that need to be cor-rected. The President has essentially outsourced the judicial selection proc-ess to two organizations with strong, ideologically driven agendas—the Fed-eralist Society and the Heritage Foun-dation. The Federalist Society, for example, describes itself as ‘‘a group of libertar-ians and conservatives dedicated to re-forming the legal order.’’ This is a group that has supported legal efforts to undermine environmental protec-tion, erode the constitutional right to choose, and blur the lines between church and State. The Heritage Foundation describes its mission as one to ‘‘promote con-servative public policies.’’ Over the past few years alone, this organization, this group, has fought to undermine the Affordable Care Act, oppose LGBTQ rights, and erode the ability of Federal agencies to issue lifesaving regulations. It is not unreasonable to assume that these organizations, through their close association with the White House, expect their ideologi-cally driven agendas to be reflected in the nominees they recommend. While I concur with Justice Rehnquist’s assertion that no judge joins a court tabula rasa, or as a blank slate, we should have a baseline expec-tation that lifetime appointees should be able to render justice free from their own personal ideologies. At the same time as the Trump administration re-lies more heavily on the Federalist So-ciety and Heritage Foundation to se-lect its judicial nominees, it is devalu-ing the work done by the American Bar Association. The ABA has reviewed and vetted judicial nominees in a non-partisan manner for over 60 years. With the exception of George W. Bush and now Donald Trump, Presidents in both parties have consulted with the ABA prior to officially nominating to the bench. President Obama, for example, pro-vided a great demonstration for how this process should work. Working closely with the ABA, President Obama routinely submitted potential can-didates for scrutiny prior to their for-mal nomination. After conducting their independent, nonpartisan re-views, the ABA issued ‘‘not qualified’’ ratings for 14 candidates who had been proposed by President Obama. Presi-dent Obama followed the ABA’s rec-ommendation and did not formally nominate any candidates rated ‘‘not qualified.’’ Under President Trump, on the other hand, we no longer wait for the ABA to complete its assessment of nominees prior to a nomination hearing itself, much less before the nomination. We no longer have an opportunity to re-view the ABA’s report and, in many cases, do not have the chance to ques-tion an ABA representative at a nomi-nation hearing about its review of the nominee. We have seen the serious con-sequences of this change in practice in two high-profile nominations this year. Despite having never tried a case, President Trump nominated Brett Talley to serve the District Court for the Middle District of Alabama. Mr. Talley was nominated, given a hearing, and listed for a Judiciary Committee vote before the ABA could even finish its evaluation. Given his complete lack of qualifications for the job, it wasn’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.042 S11JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES162 January 11, 2018 
surprising that the ABA unanimously rated him ‘‘not qualified.’’ Because he was rushed through the nomination process, we only learned later that Mr. Talley failed to disclose that his wife works in the White House Counsel’s of-fice. After two Republicans on the com-mittee—Senator G
RASSLEY and Sen-ator K
ENNEDY —expressed their opposi-tion to Mr. Talley, he, fortunately, withdrew from consideration. We were not so lucky with Steven Grasz, who was recently confirmed to the Eighth Circuit. Mr. Grasz was nom-inated and scheduled for a Judiciary Committee hearing before the ABA could complete its review. By the time the ABA finished its exhaustive evalua-tion, during which it found him to be not qualified, Mr. Grasz was scheduled to appear before the Judiciary Com-mittee in less than 48 hours. This was not nearly enough time to adequately address and assess the ABA’s conclu-sion that Mr. Grasz would not be able to serve as a judge without the undue influence of his personal beliefs. Courts are supposed to protect the rights of minorities, and it is troubling to reflect on the ABA’s conclusion that Mr. Grasz would be unable to divorce his positions on issues like reproduc-tive and LGBTQ rights from the cases he will hear on the Eighth Circuit. Cir-cuit court judges are only one step away from the U.S. Supreme Court and deserve to be scrutinized closely in the Judiciary Committee. Unfortunately, last year, the Judiciary Committee overrode the objections of the minority to hold four nomination hearings with more than one circuit judge nominee considered simultaneously. To put this in some historical con-text, the Judiciary Committee held four such hearings in the entire 8 years Barack Obama was President, and it held each of these hearings with the consent of the Republican minority on the committee. During hearings on cir-cuit and district court nominees, each committee member generally has only 5 minutes to question nominees—many of whom are highly controversial and deserve maximum scrutiny. Five min-utes, which includes the time the nominee takes to respond, is not nearly enough time to engage in meaningful dialogue about a nominee’s judicial philosophy or to examine controversial cases a nominee may have decided in the past. The American people deserve much more as we consider lifetime appoint-ments to the Federal bench. I am also concerned about the erosion of the blue-slip process, which has tradition-ally been a collaborative mechanism to enable Senators to confer with the White House on nominees from their States. Although there have been ex-ceptions over the years, Presidents and Senate majorities of both parties have both respected the blue-slip process. In 2009, the Democrats controlled the White House and had a filibuster-proof majority in the Senate. Every Senate Republican signed a letter to President Obama urging him to respect the blue- slip process. I would like to read a pas-sage from that letter for emphasis. Regretfully, if we are not consulted on, and approve of, a nominee from our states, the Republican Conference will be unable to sup-port moving forward on that nominee. Despite press reports that the Chairman of the Judiciary Committee now may be con-sidering changing the Committee’s practice of observing senatorial courtesy, we, as a Conference, expect it to be observed even- handedly and regardless of party affiliation. And we will act to preserve this principle and the rights of our colleagues if it is not. Because of the profound impact that life- tenured federal judges can have in our soci-ety, the founders made their appointment a shared constitutional responsibility. 
This is the Republican conference asking the Democratic majority, the Democratic President, and the chair of the Judiciary Committee to observe the blue-slip process. President Obama, and the Demo-cratic majority at that time, upheld the blue-slip process without excep-tion. Last year, the Judiciary Com-mittee held a nomination hearing for David Stras to serve on the Eighth Cir-cuit despite his not receiving two posi-tive blue-slips from his home State Senators. This is the first time since the early years of the George W. Bush administration that the Judiciary Committee has held a hearing for a nominee when a home State Senator has not returned a blue slip. If the Sen-ate proceeds to vote on and confirm Mr. Stras, it will be the first time since 1989 and only the third time in the last 100 years that a judicial nominee will be confirmed without having two posi-tive blue slips. I, certainly, take the chairman at his word that this was a onetime exception to the blue-slip process, but I will hold him and the President to the same standard they demanded from Presi-dent Obama in 2009. I will continue to rigorously defend the Senate’s constitutional obligation to provide advice and consent on life-time appointees to the Federal bench. Until we return to a normal process through which we can provide this kind of advice and consent, I will continue to oppose invoking cloture on any judi-cial nominee, and I encourage my col-leagues to join me in this position. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. 
TRIBUTE TO JEFF COOK  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, every week, I try to come down to the floor and talk a little bit about my State and do a little bit of bragging in what we call our ‘‘Alaskan of the Week’’ se-ries. Now, there is a lot to talk about with regard to Alaska. We would love for the people in the Gallery and the people who are watching to come out and visit our great State. It will be the trip of a lifetime. The scenery, of course, is gorgeous, and the mountains are rugged, but it is really the people who make my State so special—rugged, self-sufficient, kind, and very generous people all across an area that is over two and one-half times the size of Texas. I apologize to my Texas colleagues, as they get a little upset when I talk about that, but it is true. Every week, we have been recog-nizing a group or a person who has worked to make Alaska a stronger place, a stronger community—a State that, I think, is the best State in our great Nation. I call these individuals our Alaskans of the Week. Today, I take all who are watching to Alaska’s interior, to a town called Fairbanks, AK, where about 32,000 of my fellow Alaskans live. It is a beau-tiful, wonderful place. Fairbanks is hot in the summer. My wife and I were married there many years ago. It was over 90 degrees when we got married in August, but it is really cold in the win-ter. We spent January 1, 2000—the mil-lennium celebration—in Fairbanks with our kids and our family. It was 50 below zero without the windchill—cold. It is a place I love, where my wife was born and raised, where we lived, where my in-laws still live, and the place Jeff Cook, our Alaskan of the Week, calls home. Jeff has been in Fairbanks his whole life. His parents moved to Fairbanks in 1938. He went to college in Oregon, and his wife Sue was there, but the couple moved back to Alaska, to Fairbanks, and started a family. He is now 74 years young. He and Sue have four children, two of whom have settled in Fairbanks, and they have five grand-children. He is the patriarch of not only a great family but of many com-munity organizations throughout Fair-banks and, really, Alaska. Throughout the years, Jeff has had a career in real estate, in business. He has sat on numerous boards—commu-nity boards—and been in community groups. Let me just give a couple of ex-amples of his community work, of his sitting on the board of the Fairbanks Chamber of Commerce, the University of Alaska Board of Regents, the Rotary Club of Fairbanks, the Greater Fair-banks Community Hospital Foundation board, the board for the State of Alas-ka Chamber of Commerce, the Rasmuson Foundation board, and the boards for Alaska Airlines and Wells Fargo Bank. This is an individual—a leader—who has been involved in his community for decades. He is a perfect example of the community-minded in-dividual whom we call our Alaskan of the Week. We could be done right here. It is a pretty amazing career—a great exam-ple of someone who is dedicated to his State, to his country, to his commu-nity. Yet Jeff has done a lot more. He recently used all of his energy, all of his experience, all of his community involvement to embark on what really has become an extraordinary fund-raising campaign to raise money for cancer research—so important for our Nation, so important for Alaska. This became a personal issue for Jeff. Let me tell you this story. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.044 S11JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S163 January 11, 2018 
Last March, he and Sue received, really, a devastating phone call from their youngest daughter Chrissy, who is 34 and lives in Las Vegas with her husband and 2-year-old daughter. She called to tell them the bad news—real-ly, the horrible news that millions of American families hear every year— that she had been diagnosed with breast cancer and that she had a posi-tive match for the BRCA2 gene, which increases one’s risk of developing breast cancer or ovarian cancer. Jeff and Sue felt powerless against this disease when they heard this. He said: ‘‘When you’re a parent, it doesn’t matter how old your children are; you’re supposed to slay the dragons and conquer the monsters’’ and protect your kids. If that were not devastating enough, weeks later, he and his wife made sure that everyone in the Cook family got tested. Unfortunately, five other mem-bers of the family tested positive for this gene. They are all being monitored now. Here is what Jeff said: ‘‘We couldn’t conquer the cancer, but we just had to do something.’’ He said he had heard about the American Cancer Society’s ‘‘Real Men Wear Pink’’ campaign—a fundraising program that is held in Oc-tober. October, as everybody knows, is Breast Cancer Awareness Month. About 3,000 men from across the coun-try participated in the program this year, the ‘‘Real Men Wear Pink’’ cam-paign. So Jeff started. He started with the pretty impressive goal of raising $5,000 for cancer research and an email list of about 70 people, most of whom were in Fairbanks. Within 90 seconds after sending his first email, he had raised $1,000. Pretty good. Then what hap-pened? The community of Fairbanks, of Alaska—really of the whole coun-try—started opening up to his plea. Do-nations kept coming in. The more do-nations he received, the more Jeff worked at raising funds. Many of the people he knew were donating, but what happened? Strangers from across Alaska and from across the country started to send money for this very worthy cause of breast cancer re-search—often with heartfelt stories of their loved ones, of their own struggles with cancer, or of those of their kids. Someone from a small town in New York State sent him $250. As the weeks passed, he began to pay attention to how he was stacking up against others across the country. Jeff is a competitive guy. He is very suc-cessful. When he reached No. 10 in the country in terms of fundraising for this very important matter, he told one of his friends there was no way he could beat the No. 1 person ahead of him who had raised $30,000—no way. That was a high number. Now, Fairbanks is not a very big city, and the other people on the list above him were from much big-ger cities from across the country and had what he thought were larger con-nections and larger networks. Yet his friend told him: ‘‘Don’t underestimate yourself, Jeff.’’ After he read that, he said: ‘‘Okay. I’m going for broke.’’ This is what he did. He was all in. He started fundraising everywhere. When it was all said and done, on this campaign, Jeff Cook, from Fairbanks, AK—a town of a little over 30,000 people in Alaska’s interior— was the No. 1 fundraiser in America for breast cancer research this year—No. 1. In terms of the American Cancer Soci-ety’s ‘‘Real Men Wear Pink’’ campaign, Jeff Cook raised over $120,000. If my colleagues were down here, I would ask them for a round of ap-plause. That was for the entire country. Think about that. We come down to this floor a lot and debate cancer re-search, medical research—very impor-tant. Here is one individual in America who raised over $120,000 through his own energy and passion and for the love of his daughter. This is a testa-ment to Jeff’s perseverance, but it is also about the good people in Fair-banks, throughout Alaska, and really throughout the country. As Jeff said, ‘‘It says so much about our community. There was such an outpouring of love, goodness and gen-erosity. That was the most touching part of [this entire experience].’’ What else did Jeff learn? He learned that his daughter Chrissy, who under-went chemotherapy and a double mas-tectomy, is stronger than he ever imagined. She is recovering well, but she is still in recovery. I am going to humbly ask my col-leagues and those who are watching here and those who are watching on TV to put a prayer in for Chrissy and other cancer victims like Senator H
IRONO , who was just on the floor. Put them on your prayer lists as they are in recov-ery—all of them. I want to end with a big thanks to ev-erybody in Alaska and across the coun-try who are part of the ‘‘Real Men Wear Pink’’ campaign who are literally raising hundreds of thousands of dol-lars for breast cancer research. I thank Jeff, of course, for not under-estimating himself but for another— another—mission well done as a com-munity leader in Fairbanks and throughout Alaska. Congratulations for being our Alas-kan of the Week. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I would have joined Senator S
ULLIVAN in a round of applause. I thank him for sharing that inspiring story. 
FUNDING THE GOVERNMENT  
Mr. President, I come to the floor this afternoon just to talk very briefly about the real-world impacts of the de-cisions we are going to make in the next week or so regarding the future of the budget and to really implore my Republican colleagues here, most espe-cially the Republican leadership, to get this job done and not put us on another continuing resolution. This is not a theoretical or a rhetorical exercise; this is about people’s lives and our fail-ure to do our job—our failure to pass a budget and to extend lifesaving pro-grams, like the Children’s Health In-surance Program. It is not about poli-tics, and it is not about headlines. It is not about point scoring. It is about making people’s lives better. I really just want to share three sto-ries from Connecticut to talk about the impact of the decisions that we are going to make with respect to the Fed-eral budget. Let me first talk about this often esoteric-sounding concept of parity. One of the most important things that we are discussing is how many additional dollars are going to be in the budget for 2017 and 2018 versus in the prior fiscal year. There seems to be fairly widespread agreement that we are underresourced when it comes to the Department of Defense. We have a multitude of ki-netic challenges that are presented to the United States. A group of us just got briefed, once again today, by our military leadership on the scope and extent of the North Korean threat. I agree with many of my Republican col-leagues that we need to increase fund-ing for national security, but national security is not just housed in the De-partment of Defense. National security is also about making sure that our families are secure and that our com-munities are secure. We believe that we should increase funds for the Department of Defense, and we should also make sure that our schools have teachers. We should also make sure that we have cops on the streets. We should also make sure that our bridges aren’t falling down. That is national security as well. It is not too much to ask to make sure that our se-curity is taken care of internationally and domestically as well. Let me give you a perfect example of how you can’t just plus-up defense spending and leave the rest of the budget unattended to. We love defense spending in Connecticut. Why? Because we make a lot of big ticket items for the Department of Defense. We make the helicopters at Sikorsky. We make the jet engines at Pratt & Whitney. We make the submarines at Electric Boat. We are proud of all of them, but let me tell you what happens at Electric Boat if you plus-up the Defense Depart-ment at the expense of all of the other discretionary accounts. We are going to be building a lot more submarines over the next 10 years. We are now building two fast attack submarines a year. We are going to start building the new ballistic submarines, the Columbia class, and Electric Boat needs to hire 14,000 employees over the next 10 years. Much of that is because their work-force is older, and so they are going to have a lot of retirements. They have to find 14,000 new employees over the next 10 years. If they can’t, we cannot make the submarines in the United States, or we cannot make the parts that go into 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.046 S11JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES164 January 11, 2018 
the submarines in the United States. Either the job will not get done, or the work will happen somewhere else in an-other country. You can’t assemble the submarines anywhere other than at Electric Boat, but those parts will go to foreign companies rather than American companies. The way in which we are going to fill the 14,000 jobs is through the Depart-ment of Labor. The Department of Labor has a partnership with an orga-nization called the Eastern Con-necticut Manufacturing Pipeline. That is a public-private partnership that seeks to train hundreds of individuals in the skills necessary to build the sub-marines. They received 4,500 applica-tions over the past year. They can’t place all those people because they only get a certain amount of funding from the Department of Labor, but they were able to train 500 new workers for Electric Boat, putting them right into those jobs that are necessary to build these submarines. The problem is the money for that program is running out, and with another CR, they can’t get renewed funding for that program. So if you plus-up the Defense Depart-ment without increasing funding for the Department of Labor, you can’t get the stuff that you want to build for the Department of Defense because you can’t get the workers in order to fill the contracts. If you don’t renew this contract, if you don’t renew this funding agree-ment with the Eastern Connecticut Manufacturing Pipeline, the work will not get done, and the jobs will go over-seas. I just want my colleagues to un-derstand that this isn’t some philo-sophical belief that we need the same amount of money in the Department of Defense as we need in the rest of the budget. It is practical. It is practical because we need domestic economic se-curity, but you also can’t execute the Department of Defense contracts with-out funding in the rest of the budget. Second, let me talk to you about the real-world implications of not funding the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram. You know that healthcare more than any other issue has become a po-litical football. Democrats toss it to the Republicans, and Republicans toss it back to Democrats. Yet there is no other issue that is more personal than this. If someone doesn’t have healthcare for their family, nothing else in their life can happen. I want to share one story. These let-ters and emails are flooding into our offices with respect to the real-world impact of not funding the Children’s Health Insurance Program. In Connecticut, letters have gone out to families whose children are insured through CHIP, telling them that by the end of this month—that is 20 days away—they lose their insurance. So here is what Tara from Washington, CT, writes. She said: 
Despite our full time employment— 
She works as a small business man-ager, and her husband is a full-time electrical apprentice— my husband and I do not make enough money to buy health insurance for our chil-dren in addition to our other mandatory ex-penses. 
She explains that her children go to daycare, which costs $1,800 a month, which she says is more than their mortgage plus taxes and insurance. To go back to her letter, she says: 
This is where the [Children’s Health Insur-ance Program] comes into play in our lives. I cannot even begin to tell you the anxiety I faced when I was pregnant with my daugh-ter, crying every day because I didn’t know how we were going to make ends meet. Thank God for a family friend who happened to be an insurance agent. She told us about [CHIP] and suddenly some of that anxiety was quelled. We have been blessed to have [CHIP] in our lives. 
I say CHIP. She says in the letter HUSKY. HUSKY is the name of the CHIP program in Connecticut. 
We have been blessed to have [CHIP] in our lives. Last month my daughter got RSV and was prescribed a nebulizer. Two weeks ago, my son caught it from her and that devel-oped into a double ear infection and pink eye, requiring two expensive medications. The co-pays and premiums are manageable though and they got the care they needed. I read in the [local paper] this weekend that letters were going out to parents of children . . . telling them that their cov-erage will end on January 31, 2018. 
She is writing this in December. 
We are a week away from Christmas, and what should be a happy time of year has now turned into stress and depression. How am I going to get insurance for my kids? My daughter turns two on February 10th, how am I going to pay for her well visit? I can’t just skip it, they won’t allow her back into daycare. I cannot believe the dysfunction going on in this country. I cannot believe tax cuts for the wealthy have taken precedent over the health of my kids. . . . What is Congress doing to ensure their continued healthcare? 
This story is repeated literally mil-lions of times over all across this coun-try. People went through the holiday anxious and depressed because they were convinced that we weren’t taking seriously the healthcare of their kids. When we debate the budget, it has to have attached to it a long-term, if not permanent, extension of the Children’s Health Insurance Program because there are families just like Tara out there who are doing everything we ask them to. She is full-time employed, her husband is full-time employed, and they can’t afford health insurance for their kids without CHIP. Let me talk to you about the impor-tance of making sure that we get the right amount of disaster funding to Texas, Florida, and in particular Puer-to Rico. Puerto Rico matters to us in Connecticut because we have the larg-est percentage of our population with Puerto Rican roots than any State in the country. We are so proud of that. The Puerto Rican community in Con-necticut is vibrant, economically and culturally, powerful politically, in-volved in our cities and towns and in State government. The Governor of Puerto Rico has re-quested $94 billion for Maria recovery and rebuilding, and I am just back from Puerto Rico. I can report to you that the island is still in crisis. One hundred days after the hurricane hit, more than half of the country—half of the households—still don’t have elec-tricity. If that were happening in Con-necticut, Alaska, or Louisiana, there would be riots in the streets, but for some reason it is acceptable in Puerto Rico. We are 100 days after the hurri-cane, and we still haven’t approved a disaster recovery package, and the Trump administration is nickel-and- diming the island. I walked through the poorest, most densely populated neighborhood in San Juan, the capital of the Common-wealth. They have no power. Mold is growing in these homes because they can’t dry out the moisture without electricity. Kids are enduring more fre-quent and more intense bouts of asth-ma. People are dying because they can’t refrigerate their medication or keep their ventilation equipment run-ning. This is what is happening in the United States of America. We need to authorize significant, robust funding for Puerto Rico and for Texas and Flor-ida. We need to do it now. We need to do it now because the day that I arrived on the island—I think it was January 2—it was reported to us that there was the highest volume of people leaving Puerto Rico since the hurricane—on that day, January 2. The exodus is getting more intense. More people are leaving, not less. Why? Be-cause they don’t think we are com-mitted to rebuilding the island. Puerto Ricans don’t think that Congress is se-rious about putting back on the elec-tricity. They waited 1 month. They waited 2 months. They waited 3 months, and then they said: Enough, we can’t put our kids in these condi-tions. They started leaving in record num-bers. They were leaving right off the bat, but they are now leaving in record numbers. While most of them are com-ing to places like Florida, many of them are coming to Connecticut. Why? Because when they make that move, they often go first to stay with friends. Because we have such a compassionate, large Puerto Rican community in Con-necticut, many of these families are coming to Connecticut. So let me just give you a couple of the numbers here. We asked our school systems to try to keep a rough track of how many new Puerto Rican students are showing up. Our cities are small in Connecticut. We don’t have a city that is much bigger than 100,000. In Hart-ford, they have 388 new Puerto Rican students—‘‘new’’ meaning having come since the hurricane from the island. Waterbury, CT, has 268. New Britain, a very small city, has 213. Bridgeport has 179. These are kids who are glad to have shelter and schooling in Con-necticut, but they don’t want to be in Connecticut. They came under duress. They came to Connecticut as refugees. They want to be back in Puerto Rico. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.052 S11JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S165 January 11, 2018 
The stress that this is putting on the schools is serious. We are in a budget crisis in Connecticut. Schools have al-ready had their funding cut from Hart-ford. Yet these schools are now having to staff up to deal with this influx of students from Puerto Rico. We are glad to do it. We see it as our obligation, and we know that these kids will be a part of Connecticut’s strength. But it is not easy to do when we haven’t au-thorized any money to help States like Connecticut to deal with this influx of students. At McDonough Middle School in Hartford, these kids are thriving, but they have had to set up a new im-mersion lab to handle all these kids coming in. They have had to hire new staff to teach English as a second lan-guage. These are schools that were al-ready seeing their funding hemorrhage from the State government. The impact is real on McDonough Middle School. The impact is real on Tara and her family from Washington. The impact is real for an important supplier in our industrial base, Electric Boat. If we just continue to push CR after CR, these families, schools, and companies will not succeed. This isn’t about political headlines. This isn’t about numbers on a page. This is about real-world impact for businesses, fami-lies, and schools. So let’s get the job done. Let’s write a budget. Let’s at least agree to the overall budget numbers. Let’s fund the Children’s Health Insurance Program. Let’s get Puerto Rico, Florida, and Texas everything they need. News flash: That is our job. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO EARL BUSH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Earl Bush, the judge-executive in Bracken Coun-ty, KY, who will retire at the end of his current term. In my home State, a judge-executive is the highest elected county official, and since 2011, Earl has earned a reputation for accomplish-ment on behalf of the people of Bracken County. After graduating from Western Ken-tucky University, Earl served our Na-tion in the U.S. Air Force, earning the rank of captain. For the next three decades, Earl worked at Dayton Power and Light in various construction man-agement positions. In 2010, Earl decided to put his efforts to work for his neighbors because, like so many of us in public life, he wanted to make a difference. Along with his team, Earl has spent his time in office working to help the men and women of Bracken County. As a former county judge-executive myself, I know first-hand about Earl’s wide-ranging respon-sibilities. Looking at his results, Earl seems to have found success. In addition to equipment upgrades and road improvements, Earl has also championed the addition of rec-reational trails and a fishing lake at a local industrial park. Working with other officials, Earl also lowered taxes and helped the county’s largest em-ployer bring new jobs to Bracken Coun-ty. By nearly any standard, that is an impressive record of accomplishment for a public official. I have enjoyed every opportunity I have had to work with Earl. Through-out his time in office, he has been a strong partner as we serve the people of Kentucky. In retirement, Earl looks forward to spending more time with his wife and grandchildren. He also plans to work with his brother to restore classic cars. Along with many in Bracken County, I wish him a relaxing next chapter, and I am confident that my Senate colleagues will join me. f 
VOTE EXPLANATION Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for votes relative to the nominations of Michael Lawrence Brown to be a U.S. district judge for the Northern District of Georgia and Walter David Counts III to be a U.S. district judge for the Western District of Texas. On vote No. 7, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on confirma-tion of the Brown nomination. On vote No. 8, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on the motion to invoke cloture on the Counts nomi-nation. (At the request of Mr. S
CHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for the votes on the confirmation of Executive Calendar No. 389, the motion to invoke cloture on Executive Calendar No. 435, and the confirmation of Executive Calendar No. 435. On vote No. 7, had I been present, I would have voted yea on the confirma-tion of Executive Calendar No. 389. On vote No. 8, had I been present, I would have voted yea on the motion to invoke cloture on Executive Calendar No. 435. On vote No. 9, had I been present, I would have voted yea on the confirma-tion of Executive Calendar No. 435. Mr. President, I was also necessarily absent for the vote on the motion to proceed to the House message to ac-company S. 139. On vote No. 10, had I been present, I would have voted nay on the motion to proceed to the House message to ac-company S. 139.∑ 250TH ANNIVERSARY OF SANFORD, MAINE Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, today I wish to commemorate the 250th anni-versary of the city of Sanford, ME. Sanford was built with a spirit of de-termination and resiliency that still guides the community today, and this is a time to celebrate the generations of hard-working and caring people who have made it such a wonderful place to live, work, and raise families. The year of Sanford’s incorporation, 1768, was but one milestone in a long journey of progress, a journey that is inextricably linked to the history of our Nation. In 1661, British Army Gen-eral William Phillips purchased large tracts of land from two chiefs of local Abenaki Tribes for his growing lumber business. Called Phillipstown, the lands remained largely uninhabited due to the ongoing conflict between England and France for control of the northern American Colonies. Hostilities in the region ceased in 1739, and the new community grew rap-idly, reaching a population of 1,500 within just a few decades. At the time the town was incorporated in 1768, Maine was a province of Massachu-setts, and the Governor of Massachu-setts used the occasion to honor Peleg Sanford, stepson of William Phillips and former four-term British Governor for the State of Rhode Island. When the American Colonists fought for independence, Sanford stood with them. The city’s cemeteries contain the headstones of 33 patriots who joined freedom’s cause. With the Mousam River providing power, Sanford was home to more than a dozen sawmills and gristmills. In the 1860s, Sanford truly became a city of industry when Thomas Goodall estab-lished a massive textile mill that pro-duced everything from material for clothing to railroad car upholstery. Skilled textile workers poured into Sanford from Europe and French Can-ada, giving the city an international flavor that still exists today. In the 1950s, the owners of Sanford’s textile mills began moving operations to southern States, leaving behind thousands of jobless workers and vast, empty factories. Local business and community leaders responded with the energy and determination that defines the city, traveling throughout the country to entice new employers. Not-ing this remarkable effort, LIFE maga-zine called Sanford ‘‘the town that re-fused to die.’’ Today Sanford has a di-versified industrial base, from textiles to technology. Sanford is among Maine’s oldest mu-nicipalities, but it also is Maine’s new-est city, having changed its charter from the town form of government to that of a city in 2013. It is also new in the sense of embracing the technology of the future through the construction of both the largest municipally owned broadband network in Maine for eco-nomic development and a 50-megawatt solar array for renewable energy gen-eration. The new Academic and Career 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.053 S11JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES166 January 11, 2018 
Technical High School that will open this summer reaffirms Sanford’s com-mitment to education. The celebration of Sanford’s 250th an-niversary is not merely about the pass-ing of time. It is about human accom-plishment. We celebrate the people who, for longer than America has been a nation, have pulled together, cared for one another, and built a great com-munity. Thanks to those who came be-fore, Sanford, ME, has a wonderful his-tory. Thanks to those there today, it has a bright future. 
f 
80TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE SHAWNEE PEAK SKI AREA Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 80th anniversary of the Shawnee Peak Ski Area in Bridgton, ME. Shawnee Peak is the oldest continually operated major ski facility in Maine and possesses natural beauty, which combines with the love of the outdoors and the strong sense of community of the region’s residents. Originally called Pleasant Mountain Ski Area, the facility opened with a rope tow on January 23, 1938. That day of celebration was preceded by many years of hard work by Bridgton’s Lions Club and Chamber of Commerce, Bridgton Academy, the Pleasant Moun-tain Ski Club, and the local Civilian Conservation Corps to plan, raise money, and clear trails. With Maine’s Western Mountains providing spectac-ular views of the Lakes Region and Mount Washington, Pleasant Mountain soon began attracting skiers from throughout New England. Renamed Shawnee Peak in 1988, the ski area has long been a place of inno-vation, including the site of Maine’s first T-bar and chairlift. Shawnee Peak pioneered night skiing and in the 1970s helped to lead the acrobatic freestyle skiing movement that is now a favorite event in the Winter Olympics. Shawnee Peak also is a leader in offering youth programs in skiing and snowboarding to encourage children to stay active and to challenge themselves. In 1994, Shawnee Peak was purchased by business leader and entrepreneur Chet Homer and his family. Echoing the conservation ethic that defines our State, Mr. Homer has stated he does not think of himself as owning the mountain, but rather of being its stew-ard. For 80 years, Shawnee Peak Ski Area has strengthened Maine’s skiing indus-try, spurred economic development in a rural region, and brought families and friends together in wholesome recre-ation. It is a pleasure to congratulate Chet Homer and his team for the ac-complishments of this Maine family business and to wish them continued success in the years to come. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. HOWARD WILLSON Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I am honored to recognize my friend, Dr. Howard Willson, as Wyoming’s 2018 Physician of the Year. Over the course of his distinguished career, Dr. Willson tirelessly worked to improve healthcare in Wyoming. His contribu-tions in medical education, quality im-provement, and public health touched countless patients in our State. Out-side of medicine, Dr. Willson served Wyoming as member of the University of Wyoming’s board of trustees and as an officer in the U.S. Air Force. In addition to his many professional accomplishments, folks in Basin and Thermopolis simply know Howard as their family doctor. Multiple genera-tions of patients benefited from How-ard’s caring and compassionate ap-proach to medicine. From Dr. Willson’s perspective, being entrusted to care for his neighbors was the highest com-pliment he could receive. While Howard Willson made his greatest impact in Wyoming, he was born in the small town of Spring Lake, FL. After completing his under-graduate degree from Florida State University, he was commissioned as an officer in the U.S. Air Force. Howard then attended medical school at the University of Florida and graduated in 1965. After graduation from medical school, he completed his internship at the U.S. Air Force Hospital at Andrews Air Force Base. In total, Dr. Willson served in the Air Force for 10 years, eventually rising to the rank of cap-tain. Over the next several years, Dr. Willson practiced medicine in Florida, where he served as an active member of the medical community. Then in 1976, he decided to make the move to Wyo-ming, a decision that has benefited the people of our State ever since. Howard began his practice in the town of Basin and eventually moved to Thermopolis. Once he arrived in Wyoming, Howard not only became a valued doctor, but also an energetic member of the com-munity. He quickly became active in his county’s medical society and in the Wyoming Medical Society, eventually becoming president of the Wyoming Medical Society in 1986. In addition, he was an active leader of the medical staff of two different Wyoming hos-pitals, South Big Horn County Hospital and Hot Springs County Memorial Hos-pital. In addition to his active medical practice, Dr. Willson was passionate about training the next generation of Wyoming healthcare providers. In par-ticular, Howard wanted to introduce medical students to the joys and re-wards of working in rural commu-nities. This is why he was an active preceptor in the Wyoming Family Practice program for over 20 years. To this day, medical students in Wy-oming are benefiting from Dr. Willson’s passion for medical edu-cation. This is because he was vital in bringing the WWAMI medical edu-cation program to Wyoming. Folks in Wyoming are now very familiar with this program, which allows students from Washington, Wyoming, Alaska, Montana, and Idaho to attend medical school at the University of Wash-ington. Wyoming joined this unique and highly effective program in 1996. As Professor Joe Steiner, former dean of the University of Wyoming’s College of Health Sciences, said, ‘‘Howard Willson was instrumental in bringing WWAMI to Wyoming. He was also a strong supporter of all health care pro-fessions and was eager to share his knowledge with students.’’ Aside from teaching, Dr. Willson was passionate about improving the quality of healthcare received by Wyoming pa-tients. He served as medical director of Mountain-Pacific Quality Health Foun-dation-Wyoming. This organization is dedicated to working with Medicare to lower the cost and improve the quality of healthcare. In particular, Howard understood that achieving this goal meant serving as a partner with pro-viders and healthcare facilities. It was through this work that virtually all the patients in Wyoming were helped by Howard’s work, even though they never knew it. Finally, Howard knew the impor-tance of public health in helping keep folks well. He served as the public health officer for Hot Springs County, starting in 2004. It was only with deep regret that the board of commissioners accepted his resignation in 2016. These folks knew what an impact Dr. Willson had made on their community. Outside of medicine, Howard was al-ways involved in the local commu-nities in which he lived. The Governor of Wyoming appointed Howard to the University of Wyoming’s board of trustees. He served the university with distinction from 2003 to 2015. Simply put, all the students of the University of Wyoming benefited from Howard’s passion for making sure that everyone in our state could get a great edu-cation. Clearly Howard Willson is one of the most accomplished doctors in the his-tory of Wyoming. I can think of no per-son more deserving of being our State’s Physician of the Year. In closing, I would like to congratu-late Howard, his wife, Belenda, and their six children on this most well-de-served achievement. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING MONTANA YOUTH CHALLENGE ACADEMY ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week I have the distinct honor of rec-ognizing the Montana Youth Chal-leNGe Academy (MYCA), located in Dillon, MT. The MYCA is sponsored by the Montana National Guard and the State of Montana and assists at-risk youth in our state to develop the skills necessary to become productive citi-zens. This academy focuses on the physical, emotional and educational 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.049 S11JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S167 January 11, 2018 
needs of the youth using a quasi-mili-tary style technique of discipline and motivation. To date, they have grad-uated over two thousand students. I would like to thank six of the origi-nal staff who began work at MYCA when it opened in 1999 and who are still employed there today. Director Jan Rouse, Deputy Director Trent Gibson, Lead Teacher Carolyn Bielser, Lead Counselor Ben Stewart, Counselor Tammy Pittman and Cadre Team Leader Cheryl Miskowic have spent years working to help Montana’s at- risk youth and their work has touched the lives of many. Along with the other staff at MYCA, they have helped stu-dents become contributing members of our Montana communities. Thank you to all those working hard at the Mon-tana Youth ChalleNGe Academy in Beaverhead County.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 10:02 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, with an amendment, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
S. 140. An act to amend the White Moun-tain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantifica-tion Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 4567. An act to require a Department of Homeland Security overseas personnel en-hancement plan, and for other purposes. 
At 12:40 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, with an amendment, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
S. 139. An act to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the in-nocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the House has agreed to the following con-current resolution, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 98. Concurrent resolution di-recting the Secretary of the Senate to make a correction in the enrollment of the bill S. 139. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bill was read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 4567. An act to require a Department of Homeland Security overseas personnel en-hancement plan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–4027. A communication from the Comp-troller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Office of the Comptroller’s 2017 Annual Re-port to Congress; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4028. A communication from the Senior Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Financial Stability Oversight Council, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revision of Freedom of Information Act Regulations’’ (12 CFR Part 1301) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 5, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4029. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief Financial Officer and Director for Financial Management, Office of the Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Secretary for Administration, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Civil Monetary Penalty Ad-justments for Inflation’’ (RIN0605–AA48) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 5, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4030. A communication from the Sec-retary of Transportation, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Roadside Safety Hardware Identification Methods’’; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4031. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the semiannual report on the continued compliance of Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, Tajikistan, and Uzbekistan with the 1974 Trade Act’s freedom of emigration provi-sions, as required under the Jackson-Vanik Amendment; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4032. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data and defense services to Saudi Ara-bia in support of the assembly and integra-tion of cannons onto weapons stations in the amount of $50,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–044); to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–4033. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘New Animal Drugs for Inves-tigational Use; Disqualification of a Clinical Investigator’’ ((RIN0910–AH64) (Docket No. FDA–2011–N–0079)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 5, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4034. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–219, ‘‘Office on African Amer-ican Affairs Establishment Act of 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4035. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–220, ‘‘Advanced Practice Reg-istered Nurse Signature Authority Amend-ment Act of 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4036. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–222, ‘‘Public School Health Services Amendment Act of 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–4037. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–223, ‘‘D.C. Healthcare Alliance Re-Enrollment Reform Amendment Act of 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–4038. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–224, ‘‘Department of Health Care Finance Independent Procurement Au-thority Temporary Amendment Act of 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4039. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Congressional Affairs, Federal Election Commission, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report relative to the Commis-sion’s competitive sourcing efforts during fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on the Judiciary. Fernando Rodriguez, Jr., of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the South-ern District of Texas. Joseph D. Brown, of Texas, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Texas for the term of four years. Matthew D. Krueger, of Wisconsin, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern Dis-trict of Wisconsin for the term of four years. Norman Euell Arflack, of Kentucky, to be United States Marshal for the Eastern Dis-trict of Kentucky for the term of four years. Ted G. Kamatchus, of Iowa, to be United States Marshal for the Southern District of Iowa for the term of four years. 
(Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. C
RUZ): S. 2293. A bill to amend section 214(c)(8) of the Immigration and Nationality Act to modify the data reporting requirements re-lating to nonimmigrant employees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Ms. W
ARREN ): S. 2294. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure that individuals may access documentation verifying the monthly housing stipend paid to the individual under the Post-9/11 Educational Assistance Pro-gram of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.047 S11JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES168 January 11, 2018 
By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. C ARDIN , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. W
ARNER , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, and Mr. V ANHOLLEN ): S. 2295. A bill to increase the rates of pay under the General Schedule and other statu-tory pay systems and for prevailing rate em-ployees by 3.0 percent, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. JOHNSON: S. 2296. A bill to increase access to agency guidance documents; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Mr. THUNE (for himself and Mr. R
OUNDS ): S. 2297. A bill to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to transfer certain National For-est System land to Custer County, South Da-kota; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself, Mr. M
ARKEY , Ms. H ASSAN , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. R
EED, Mr. K ING, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Ms. C OLLINS , and Mr. M
URPHY ): S. 2298. A bill to prohibit oil and gas leas-ing on the Outer Continental Shelf off the coast of New England; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ): S. 2299. A bill to amend the Food Security Act of 1985 to provide wildfire regulatory re-lief, to modify the evaluation of a major dis-aster declaration request, to provide regu-latory relief for banks during major disas-ters, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and Mr. S
CHUMER ): S. 2300. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 111 Market Street in Saugerties, New York, as the ‘‘Maurice D. Hinchey Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Ms. S MITH, Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. S ANDERS , Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. K AINE, Ms. H AR-
RIS, and Ms. H ASSAN ): S. 2301. A bill to strengthen parity in men-tal health and substance use disorder bene-fits; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. L
EE): S. 2302. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain Bureau of Land Management land in Cache County, Utah, to the city of Hyde Park, Utah, for public pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ): S. 2303. A bill to amend title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act to preserve con-sumer and employer access to licensed inde-pendent insurance producers; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. TILLIS (for himself, Ms. W
AR-
REN, Mr. H ELLER , Mr. T ESTER , Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. B URR, Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. S COTT, and Mr. D ONNELLY ): S. 2304. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to protect veterans from preda-tory lending, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. BROWN: S. 2305. A bill to require a study and report on the housing and service needs of victims of trafficking and individuals at risk for trafficking; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. f SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ): S. Res. 372. A resolution congratulating the North Dakota State University football team for winning the 2017 National Colle-giate Athletic Association Division I Foot-ball Championship Subdivision title; consid-ered and agreed to. By Ms. HARRIS: S. Res. 373. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of ‘‘Korean American Day’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 515 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 515, a bill to require the Secretary of Labor to maintain a pub-licly available list of all employers that relocate a call center overseas, to make such companies ineligible for Federal grants or guaranteed loans, and to require disclosure of the phys-ical location of business agents engag-ing in customer service communica-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 878 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 878, a bill to establish pri-vacy protections for customers of broadband Internet access service and other telecommunications services. 
S. 963 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 963, a bill to encourage and sup-port partnerships between the public and private sectors to improve our Na-tion’s social programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 1028 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1028, a bill to provide for the establish-ment and maintenance of a Family Caregiving Strategy, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1693 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1693, a bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of that Act does not prohibit the enforcement against providers and users of interactive computer services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sex trafficking. 
S. 1738 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1738, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for a home infusion therapy services tem-porary transitional payment under the Medicare program. S. 1767 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1767, a bill to reauthorize the farm to school program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1808 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1808, a bill to extend temporarily the Federal Perkins Loan program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1827 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1827, a bill to extend funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram, and for other purposes. 
S. 1989 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1989, a bill to enhance trans-parency and accountability for online political advertisements by requiring those who purchase and publish such ads to disclose information about the advertisements to the public, and for other purposes. 
S. 2037 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2037, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 re-garding proprietary institutions of higher education in order to protect students and taxpayers. 
S. 2054 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2054, a bill to amend the Agricul-tural Credit Act of 1978 to establish a program to provide advance payments under the Emergency Conservation Program for the repair or replacement of fencing. 
S. 2152 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ), the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) and the Senator from Cali-fornia (Ms. H
ARRIS ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2152, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for assistance for victims of child pornog-raphy, and for other purposes. 
S. 2235 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2235, a bill to establish a tiered hiring preference for members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces. 
S. RES. 367 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA6.015 S11JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S169 January 11, 2018 
added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 367, a resolution condemning the Govern-ment of Iran for its violence against demonstrators and calling for peaceful resolution to the concerns of the citi-zens of Iran. 
S. RES. 368 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 368, a resolution supporting the right of all Iranian citizens to have their voices heard. At the request of Mr. C
ORKER , the names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. R
EED), the Senator from Mas-sachusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ), the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) and the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 368, supra. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 372—CON-GRATULATING THE NORTH DA-KOTA STATE UNIVERSITY FOOT-BALL TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2017 NATIONAL COLLEGIATE ATH-LETIC ASSOCIATION DIVISION I FOOTBALL CHAMPIONSHIP SUB-DIVISION TITLE Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ) submitted the following res-olution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 372 Whereas the North Dakota State Univer-sity (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘NDSU’’) Bison won the 2017 National Colle-giate Athletic Association (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘NCAA’’) Division I Football Championship Subdivision (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘FCS’’) title game in Frisco, Texas, on January 6, 2018, in a vic-tory over the James Madison University Dukes by a score of 17 to 13; Whereas NDSU has now won 14 NCAA championships; Whereas NDSU has now won its sixth NCAA Division I FCS championship in 7 years, an extraordinary achievement; Whereas NDSU has now tied the record for most NCAA Division I FCS championships with 6 in only 10 years of eligibility; Whereas the NDSU Bison have displayed tremendous resilience and skill over the past 7 seasons, with 97 wins to only 8 losses, in-cluding a streak of 33 consecutive wins; Whereas estimates state that more than 13,000 Bison fans attended the championship game, reflecting the tremendous spirit and dedication of Bison Nation that has helped propel the success of the team; and Whereas the 2017 NCAA Division I FCS championship was a victory not only for the NDSU football team, but also for the entire State of North Dakota: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates the North Dakota State University Bison football team as the 2017 champions of the National Collegiate Ath-letic Association Division I Football Cham-pionship Subdivision; (2) commends the North Dakota State Uni-versity players, coaches, and staff for— (A) their hard work and dedication on a historic season; and (B) fostering a continuing tradition of ath-letic and academic excellence; and (3) recognizes the students, alumni, and loyal fans that supported the Bison while the Bison sought to capture a sixth Division I Football Championship Subdivision cham-pionship for North Dakota State University. f SENATE RESOLUTION 373—SUP-PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF ‘‘KOREAN AMERICAN DAY’’ Ms. HARRIS submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 373 Whereas the influence of Korean Ameri-cans may be observed in all facets of life in the United States, including politics, indus-try, entrepreneurship, volunteerism, the arts, and education; Whereas 102 courageous Korean immi-grants arrived in the United States on Janu-ary 13, 1903, initiating the first chapter of Korean immigration to the United States, the land of opportunity; Whereas these pioneer Korean immigrants faced tremendous social and economic obsta-cles as well as language barriers in the United States; Whereas in pursuit of the American dream, Korean immigrants initially served as farm-workers, wage laborers, and section hands throughout the United States; Whereas, through resilience, tenacious ef-fort, and immense sacrifice, first generation Korean immigrants established a new home in a new land that became the home for fu-ture generations of Korean Americans; Whereas the centennial year of 2003 marked an important milestone in the his-tory of Korean immigration; Whereas the House of Representatives passed House Resolution 487 to commemo-rate ‘‘Korean American Day’’ in the 109th Congress; Whereas the Senate passed Senate Resolu-tion 283 to commemorate ‘‘Korean American Day’’ in the 109th Congress; Whereas, just as other immigrants before them, Korean Americans— (1) came to the United States seeking op-portunity and a better life; and (2) have thrived in the United States due to strong work ethic, family bonds, and com-munity spirit; Whereas Korean Americans have made sig-nificant contributions to the economic vital-ity of the United States and the global mar-ketplace; Whereas Korean Americans have invig-orated businesses, nonprofit organizations and other nongovernmental organizations, government, technology, medicine, athletics, arts and entertainment, journalism, reli-gious communities, academic communities, and countless other facets of society in the United States; Whereas Korean Americans have made enormous contributions to the military strength of the United States and served with distinction in the Armed Forces during World War I, World War II, and the conflict in Korea; Whereas South Korea will host the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang, South Korea; and Whereas the Centennial Committees of Ko-rean Immigration and Korean Americans have designated January 13 of each year as ‘‘Korean American Day’’ to commemorate the first step of the long and prosperous journey of Korean Americans in the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals and ideals of ‘‘Ko-rean American Day’’; (2) urges the people of the United States to observe ‘‘Korean American Day’’ so as to have a greater appreciation of the invaluable contributions that Korean Americans have made to the United States; and (3) honors and recognizes the 115th anni-versary of the arrival of the first Korean im-migrants to the United States. f AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 1870. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exon-erate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes. SA 1871. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 1870 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill S. 139, supra. SA 1872. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill S. 139, supra. SA 1873. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 1872 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill S. 139, supra. SA 1874. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 1873 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 1872 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill S. 139, supra. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 1870. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill S. 139, to im-plement the use of Rapid DNA instru-ments to inform decisions about pre-trial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end add the following. ‘‘This Act shall take effect 1 day after the date of enactment.’’ 
SA 1871. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 1870 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to ex-onerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other pur-poses; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘1 day’’ and insert ‘‘2 days’’ 
SA 1872. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill S. 139, to im-plement the use of Rapid DNA instru-ments to inform decisions about pre-trial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end add the following. ‘‘This Act shall take effect 3 days after the date of enactment.’’ 
SA 1873. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 1872 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA6.016 S11JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES170 January 11, 2018 
DNA instruments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to ex-onerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other pur-poses; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘3 days’’ and insert ‘‘4 days’’ 
SA 1874. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 1873 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 1872 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill S. 139, to imple-ment the use of Rapid DNA instru-ments to inform decisions about pre-trial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘4’’ and insert ‘‘5’’ f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I have 3 requests for committees to meet dur-ing today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Thursday, Janu-ary 11, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Policy in Syria Post-ISIS’’. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, January 11, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on S. 2152 the ‘‘Amy, Vicky, and Any Child Pornography Victim Assistance Act’’ and on the following nominations: Stu-art Kyle Duncan, of Louisiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, David Ryan Stras, of Minnesota, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, Fernando Rodriguez, Jr., to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Southern District of Texas. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, January 11, 2018, at 2 p.m. to conduct a hearing a closed roundtable. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that floor privi-leges be granted to Laura Carey, who is a fellow on the Senate Foreign Rela-tions Committee staff, on loan from the State Department, during today’s session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
APPOINTMENT The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair announces, on behalf of the Democratic leader, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 114–196, the appointment of the following indi-vidual to serve as a member of the United States Semiquincentennial Commission: Rosa G. Rios of Maryland. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE NORTH DA-KOTA STATE UNIVERSITY FOOT-BALL TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2017 NATIONAL COLLEGIATE ATH-LETIC ASSOCIATION DIVISION I FOOTBALL CHAMPIONSHIP SUB-DIVISION TITLE Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 372, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 372) congratulating the North Dakota State University football team for winning the 2017 National Colle-giate Athletic Association Division I Foot-ball Championship Subdivision title. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 372) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE PRESIDENT TO AWARD THE MEDAL OF HONOR TO JOHN L. CANLEY FOR ACTS OF VALOR DURING THE VIET-NAM WAR Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 4641, which was received from the House and is at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4641) to authorize the President to award the Medal of Honor to John L. Canley for acts of valor during the Vietnam War while a member of the Marine Corps. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read three times and passed and the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 4641) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 2018, AND TUESDAY, JANUARY 16, 2018 Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn, to then convene for a pro forma session only, with no business being conducted, on Friday, January 12, at 1 p.m., and that following the pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until Tuesday, January 16, at 4:30 p.m.; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed; fur-ther, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the House message to accompany S. 139; further, that the filing deadlines under rule XXII with respect to the cloture motion filed during today’s session re-garding the House message to accom-pany S. 139 be at the following times on Tuesday, January 16: 4:45 p.m. for all first-degree amendments and 5:15 p.m. for all second-degree amendments; fi-nally, that the mandatory quorum call with respect to the cloture vote be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 1 P.M. TOMORROW Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 4:29 p.m., adjourned until Friday, January 12, 2018, at 1 p.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate January 11, 2018: 
THE JUDICIARY  
MICHAEL LAWRENCE BROWN, OF GEORGIA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF GEORGIA. WALTER DAVID COUNTS III, OF TEXAS, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A11JA6.026 S11JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE33 January 11, 2018 
RECOGNIZING DR. DAVID ARBUTINA FOR HIS SERVICE TO TYRONE REGIONAL HEALTH NETWORK AND COMMUNITY MEMBERS IN THE CENTRAL PENNSYLVANIA REGION 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 11, 2018 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize David Arbutina, MD, FACS, Found-er and Medical Director of Tyrone Regional Health Network’s Breast Cancer & Women’s Health Institute. Dr. Arbutina is a board certified general sur-geon with a focused area of expertise in breast cancer surgery. He is a Fellow in the American College of Surgeons and a retired Colonel of the United States Air Force. During his military career, Dr. Arbutina served at United States Air Force bases in Japan and California. He served as Chief of Surgery and Chief of Hospital Services in Japan at Misawa Air Base. He also served as the Commander of the second largest depart-ment of surgery in the Air Force at Travis Air Force Base. Dr. Arbutina is a nationally recognized edu-cator and leader in surgery. Since 1988, he has dedicated his career to the treatment of breast cancer and has personally treated over 1,000 breast cancer patients. As Medical Director of the Breast Cancer & Women’s Health Institute, he has provided educational programs in the community and authored articles on breast health and breast cancer topics to educate community members and raise breast health awareness. Dr. Arbutina is recognized for his unwaver-ing commitment to educate women on breast health issues and provide guidance to em-power them with the knowledge they need to make the right decision regarding their care. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RON KIND 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 11, 2018 Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to have my votes recorded on the House floor on Wednesday, January 10, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted in favor of S. 140. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF FRANK NAPOLITANO 
HON. ZOE LOFGREN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 11, 2018 Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise, along with my colleagues, Congressman P
ETE AGUILAR , Congresswoman K AREN BASS, Con- gresswoman N
ANETTE BARRAGA ´N, Congress-man A
MI BERA, Congresswoman J ULIA B
ROWNLEY , Congressman S ALUD CARBAJAL , Congressman T
ONY CA´RDENAS , Congress-woman J
UDY CHU, Congressman L OU C
ORREA , Congressman J IMCOSTA , Congress-woman S
USAN DAVIS, Congressman M ARK D
ESAULNIER , Congresswoman A NNA ESHOO , Congressman J
OHN GARAMENDI , Congressman J
IMMY GOMEZ , Congressman J ARED HUFFMAN , Congressman R
OKHANNA , Congresswoman B
ARBARA LEE, Congressman T EDLIEU, Con- gressman A
LANLOWENTHAL , Congresswoman D
ORIS MATSUI , Congressman J ERRY MCNER-
NEY, Congresswoman G RACE NAPOLITANO , Congressman J
IMMY PANETTA , Congress-woman N
ANCY PELOSI , Congressman S COTT  P
ETERS , Congresswoman L UCILLE ROYBAL - A
LLARD , Congressman R AULRUIZ, Congress-woman L
INDA SA´NCHEZ , Congressman A DAM S
CHIFF , Congressman B RAD SHERMAN , Con- gresswoman J
ACKIE SPEIER , Congressman E
RICSWALWELL , Congressman M ARKTAKANO , Congressman M
IKE THOMPSON , Congress-woman N
ORMA TORRES , Congressman J UAN V
ARGAS , and Congresswoman M AXINE  W
ATERS , to honor the extraordinary life of Frank Napolitano, husband of U.S. Congress-woman G
RACE FLORES NAPOLITANO and long-time Norwalk community leader and activist. Frank Napolitano was born and raised in New York City, where he spent his formative years, before military service and moving to California. He was a successful chef, res-taurateur and businessman for over two dec-ades. He met and later married the former Grace Flores Musquiz in 1982 and began a post-business career as a prominent commu-nity volunteer and philanthropist. Frank Napolitano rose to become a highly recognized leader with the City of Norwalk where he served for many years as Chairman and member of the Senior Citizens Advisory Commission; he was designated Citizen of the Year by the Norwalk Community Coordinating Council; and prior to that served on the city Parks and Recreation Commission. He also served as an officer and member of several civic and fraternal organizations including the Norwalk Knights of Columbus as a Fourth De-gree Member and the Norwalk Lions Club as a Melvin Jones Award recipient. It was during these many years that he worked tirelessly on several important commu-nity benevolent projects including distributing thousands of turkeys and food baskets to fam-ilies in need during the holiday seasons. He was instrumental in organizing many commu-nity carnivals and fairs on behalf of the city and service organizations at the City Hall Lawn to raise much needed funds for their community projects. Frank’s commitment to community service, led to his most significant and long-lasting pro-gram, the Norwalk Santa’s Sleigh Foundation. Together with Norwalk Mayor Luigi Vernola and Vernola’s daughter Lisa Salas, they co- founded the annual Santa’s Sleigh visitation program in 1989 in cooperation with the City, Los Angeles County Fire and Sheriff’s Depart-ments to distribute toys and goodies to Nor-walk Youth and Families throughout the Christmas and holiday season. This award winning program has been imitated by numer-ous cities and has provided countless families with extra Christmas spirit for decades. In recognition for his business acumen and community service, Napolitano was appointed to the California state Senate Insurance Com-mittee Advisory Commission on Small Busi-ness in 1988. He served for several years ad-vising on the effects of insurance industry practices on small businesses. He left the commission upon the election of his wife Grace to the California State Assembly in 1992. Frank Napolitano was the constant protector and provider for his large combined family which today has grown to four generations in-cluding children, grandchildren and great grandchildren, also his son Louis Napolitano of New York. Frank was the bedrock of contin-uous support for his beloved wife throughout her career that began with service on Norwalk City International Friendship Commission, later elected to the Norwalk City Council, the Cali-fornia state Assembly and for the past twenty years as a Member of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives serving for ten terms in Congress. Today, The California Democratic Congres-sional Delegation salutes and honors an out-standing husband, father and civil servant, Mr. Frank Napolitano. We will join all of Frank’s loved ones in celebrating his incredible life. He will be deeply missed. 
f 
KAZAKHSTAN’S ROLE IN GLOBAL AND REGIONAL SECURITY 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 11, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the important role Kazakhstan plays in ensuring regional and global security. Since declaring its independence from the former Soviet Union in 1991, Kazakhstan has shown its leadership in nuclear disarmament by working with the United States to eliminate regional nuclear weapons stockpiles. From the closure of the Semipalatinsk Test Site in 1991 to the opening of Kazakhstan’s Nuclear Secu-rity Training Center in 2017, the country has demonstrated its leadership in strengthening international security through promoting non- proliferation in the region. Kazakhstan’s commitment to nuclear secu-rity extends past non-proliferation, as the country also promotes safe nuclear power to support the needs of the international commu-nity. The U.S. recently supported Kazakhstan’s offer to host the world’s first low- enriched uranium bank, which will help to guarantee that all nations have an energy source for peaceful civilian nuclear power. Af-fordable energy is a prerequisite for mod-ernization in Central Asia, and future access 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K11JA8.001 E11JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE34 January 11, 2018 
to safe energy sources will help promote sta-bility, development, and prosperity in the re-gion. Kazakhstan has also been a strong U.S. partner in our efforts to combat terrorism and extremism in the region—particularly in Af-ghanistan. Under the leadership of President Nazarbayev, Kazakhstan has continued to provide indispensable aid to U.S. troops in Af-ghanistan. They have not only helped assist the Afghan National Security Forces to pro-mote security and stability, but have also con-tributed to the Northern Distribution Network. I look forward to President Nazarbayev’s visit to the United States and a healthy exchange of ideas about how our government can work with Kazakhstan in promoting human rights and the rule of law. At a time when the world is increasingly un-stable due to the rise of non-state actors and conflicts across the Middle East, Kazakhstan has proven itself as a reliable U.S. partner in the region—one we can count on to advance our shared goals. As Kazakhstan serves on the United Nations Security Council, it is my belief that there is a bright future ahead for our collaboration in advancing peace and se-curity. 
f 
HONORING MR. SAMUEL K. BEAMON, SR. 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 11, 2018 Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Sam Beamon, a native of Waterbury, Connecticut. The Waterbury Fel-lowship of Christian Churches will be recog-nizing Sam at their annual Martin Luther King, Jr. Service for Sam’s lifelong commitment to public service and his leadership in Connecti-cut’s African American community. Sam has spent his career in service to others both in the military and as a civilian, and his dedi-cated work and perpetually friendly demeanor have made him an instrumental and beloved member of the Waterbury community. Sam’s interest in serving his country began at a young age, and he joined the Young Ma-rines in 1960. He later served in the United States Marine Corps during the Vietnam War and earned numerous commendations for his service, including 16 Air Medals, the Combat Action Ribbon, and the Good Conduct Medal. Upon returning to Connecticut, Sam joined the Waterbury Police Department in 1970 and rose through the department’s ranks to fill a number of important roles, as well as stepping into a vital role as an advocate for African Americans and breaking down institutional ra-cial barriers. During his nearly three-decade career with the Department, Sam worked as an Accident Investigator, a radar operator, and on the SWAT Team. Throughout his career and after his retire-ment, Sam has also been active in a number of civic organizations and causes. He has been an advocate for veterans in Waterbury and across Connecticut, and, in 2014, Sam became the chairman of the Waterbury Vet-eran’s Memorial Committee. He has also worked to improve the lives of and opportuni-ties for young people, particularly those who face socioeconomic challenges, to pursuing meaningful opportunities to engage with their community. Mr. Speaker, Sam Beamon has spent his life in service to his country and community, and it is proper that we honor him on MLK Day for his countless contributions. I consider myself lucky to have had the opportunity to work with Sam and even luckier to count him among my friends. f 
TRAFFICKING AND OTHER VICTIMS’ RIGHTS GROUPS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 11, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the following list of trafficking and other victims’ rights groups: 1. American Society of Victimology 2. Futures Without Violence 3. International Organization for Victims As-sistance (IOVA) 4. Justice for Children 5. Justice Solutions 6. National Alliance to End Sexual Violence (NAESV) 7. National Association of Crime Victim Compensation Boards (NACVCB) 8. National Association of Victim Assistance Administrators (NAVAA) 9. National Center for Victims of Crime 10. National Chapter of Parents of Murdered Children (NCPOMC) 11. National Children’s Alliance (NCA) 12. National Criminal Justice Association 13. National Crime Victim Law Institute 14. National Coalition Against Domestic Vio-lence (NCADV) 15. National Network to End Domestic Vio-lence (NNEDV) 16. National Organization for Victim Assist-ance (NOVA) 17. Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network (RAINN) 18. Security on Campus 19. Stop Child Predators 20. Witness Justice 21. Shared Hope 22. Penelope’s House 23. Center for Child Protection and Family Support 24. Texas Association Against Sexual As-sault 25. Texas Council on Family Violence 26. Rights4GirIs 27. PROTECT 28. National Network 4 Youth 29. Children at Risk 30. Justice Fellowship 31. Community Action Stops Abuse (CASA) 32. SEARCH 33. End Child Prostitution and Trafficking (ECPAT–USA) 34. Demand Abolition 35. Equality Now 36. Polaris 37. State/Peace Corps Victims Advisory Board 38. Tahirih 39. National Center for Missing and Ex-ploited Children (NCMEC) 40. Foster Family-based Treatment Associa-tion 41. Silence is not Compliance 42. Thorn 43. Coalition to Abolish Slavery & Trafficking (CAST) 44. Love 146 45. Saving Innocence 46. Hope for Justice 47. Breaking Free 48. Hope Against Trafficking 49. Not for Sale 50. Run 2 Rescue 51. Slavery Footprint 52. Truckers Against Trafficking 53. 8th Day Center for Justice 54. Free the Slaves 55. Physicians for Human Rights 56. Global Alliance Against Traffic in Women 57. Save the Children 58. United Against Human Trafficking 59. HEAL Trafficking: Health, Education, Ad-vocacy, Linkage 60. Alliance to End Slavery and Trafficking 61. Courtney’s House 62. Stop Child Slavery 63. Freedom Place 64. Clery Center for Security on Campus 65. Children’s Assessment Center 66. Ending Child Slavery at the Source 67. Covenant House 68. Joy International 69. International Safe Travels Foundation 70. Arc of Hope 71. Voices of Justice 72. My Life My Choice 73. Fair Girls 74. Colors of Hope 75. Pearls Inc. 76. Zoe Children’s Home 77. Phantom Rescue 78. Anti-Slavery 79. Bryan’s House 80. New Life, New Hope 81. #HelpErase 82. Dallas LIFE Shelter 83. Stop the Traffik 84. Generation Freedom 85. Nest Foundation 86. Restore NYC 87. The End It Movement 88. The Exodus Road 89. Tiny Hands International 90. Everyone’s Kids 91. For the Sake of One 92. Hagar International 93. Fast 21 94. Traffick911 95. Free the Captives 96. Beauty from Ashes 97. Gems 98. Her Resiliency 99. Amnesty International 100. Pillars of Hope 
f 
SAFER STREETS ACT 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 11, 2018 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to in-troduce the Safer Streets Act which creates a new grant program that focuses on violent crime in our local communities. Reducing vio-lent crime should be a priority for the federal government. In my district 228 people were killed in 2016. The deadliest year in two decades. In 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K11JA8.004 E11JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE35 January 11, 2018 
2017, 200 people were killed. That is 200 peo-ple too many. Cities like Memphis were able to reduce violent crimes by hiring more police and providing programs to help children in the city. It is important that local governments that are trying to reduce violent crimes get federal assistance. That is why I am introducing the Safer Streets Act. This bill would create a new grant program that would provide grants to units of local government that have crime rates signifi-cantly above the national rate. Units of local governments with crime rates four times the national rate would get 50 percent of the funds, units of local governments with crime rates three times the national rate would get 20 percent of the funds, and units of local gov-ernments with crime rates two times the na-tional rate would get 10 percent of the funds. This bill also creates an emergency fund for units of local governments that have spikes of violent crimes. I urge my colleagues to pass this important legislation and support our local communities as they work to reduce violent crime. 
f 
HONORING CAPTAIN WALTER COMBS ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 11, 2018 Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to congratulate Palm Springs Police Captain Walter Combs on his retirement after more than 23 years in law enforcement. His dedica-tion to ensuring the residents of Palm Springs are safe is truly commendable. Today, I want to recognize his outstanding accomplishments and years of service. Captain Combs is an exceptional leader in our local community. He began his law en-forcement career serving as a patrol officer with the Indio Police Department. After five years, in 1994, Captain Combs started work-ing with the Palm Springs Police Department where he remained until 2017. His commitment to keeping our citizens safe earned him many promotions over the years, going from patrol officer to Captain. During his early years with the Palm Springs Police De-partment, he served as an undercover Nar-cotics Task Force Officer, field Training Offi-cer, Police Department Honors Guard, and member of the SWAT Team. In 2005, he was promoted to Sergeant and supervised the Pa-trol Officers, the Detective Bureau overseeing the Property Crimes Division, the auxiliary Peer Support Group and Honor Guard, and the volunteer unit of citizens on Patrol. His de-termination and outstanding performance eventually led him to be promoted to Lieuten-ant in 2012, and ultimately to Captain in 2014. Captain Combs commitment to public serv-ice is inspiring. While serving with the Palm Springs Police Department, he was also a de-voted member of the Human Rights Commis-sion board and the LGBT Committee. Captain Combs has dedicated his life in service of the residents of Palm Springs. His valuable contributions and arduous work strengthening our community will be felt for years to come. On behalf of the entire 36th Congressional District, I am humbled to honor and recognize Captain Walter Combs. I extend my sincerest congratulations on his accomplishments and years of public service. I wish him all the best on his well-deserved retirement. f 
H.R. 3731, SECRET SERVICE RE-CRUITMENT AND RETENTION ACT OF 2017 
HON. BONNIE WATSON COLEMAN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 11, 2018 Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3731, the Secret Serv-ice Recruitment and Retention Act of 2017. The United States Secret Service is oper-ating under tremendous demands with very limited resources. The agency is tasked with protecting a large presidential family that trav-els frequently around the world. This year, members of the Trump family have traveled to Uruguay, the Dominican Republic, the United Arab Emirates, Canada, the United Kingdom, and the Republic of Ireland, among other des-tinations. The Secret Service provides protec-tion on all of these trips, in addition to pro-tecting the president himself, and each of these trips requires the Secret Service to incur significant costs, including travel, lodging, and costs associated with coordinating with local security entities, embassies, and other over-seas partners. The Trump family does not re-imburse the Federal government for costs as-sociated with protecting family members on these trips, even when they are made in pur-suit of the Trump Organization’s business in-terests and to promote the Trump brand. The scope of the Secret Service’s protective mission, along with other agency activities such as investigating and preventing counter-feiting, has created a hole in the agency’s budget. At a June 8, 2017, hearing before the House Homeland Security Subcommittee on Transportation and Protective Security, Secret Service Director Randolph ‘‘Tex’’ Alles testified that the agency’s budget is ‘‘$200 million to $300 million a year short of what would be re-quired’’ to fulfill its protective and investigative missions more effectively. This bill will not solve the Secret Service’s budget gap, but it will prevent Secret Service agents from having to bear the brunt of chal-lenges they did not create. Many Secret Serv-ice agents have hit their overtime pay limits and are unable to receive further compensa-tion despite having to work additional hours given the agency’s expanded mission. Such a system is unfair to the agents, who work dif-ficult jobs with long shifts and uncompromising schedules even when they are being fairly compensated. H.R. 3731 would allow the Secret Service to pay agents for hours they have worked, which is the least we can do. I urge the Senate to pass this bill as soon as possible. CONGRATULATING WTTW’S CHI-CAGO TONIGHT: THE WEEK IN REVIEW AND JOEL WEISMAN HON. MIKE QUIGLEY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 11, 2018 Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate WTTW’s Emmy-Award winning series, Chicago Tonight: The Week in Review, on its 40th Anniversary. January 19, 2018 will also mark Mr. Joel Weisman’s final appear-ance as host and senior editor of the program. Chicago Tonight: The Week in Review is the longest running series in the history of WTTW and a staple of Chicago news media, representing the city’s longest running tele-vision series with a single host or anchor. Mr. Weisman has been senior editor since the show’s inception. Mr. Weisman is a lifelong Chicagoan and has been with WTTW since 1973, beginning as political editor and commentator on WTTW’s nightly news program, The Public News Center. When The Week in Review premiered on January 20, 1978, it served as a 30-minute conversation series. Throughout its four-decade history, Mr. Weisman wel-comed hundreds of reporters to his rotating four-person weekly panel long before this for-mat became commonplace in national TV pro-gramming. At. Mr. Weisman’s insistence, the panelists were nonpartisan and diverse, first representing print and broadcast, and later, digital media. In 2008, he was deservedly inducted in the Silver Circle of the Chicago/Midwest chapter of the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences. Mr. Speaker, I applaud Mr. Joel Weisman for his tireless dedication to WTTW’s Chicago Tonight: The Week in Review throughout his long and storied career delivering vital infor-mation—and entertainment—to Chicagoans. I urge my colleagues to join me in congratu-lating Mr. Weisman on his invaluable contribu-tion to WTTW and our community’s civic dia-logue. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF BISHOP JOHN HURST ADAMS 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 11, 2018 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the late Bishop John Hurst Adams of the African Meth-odist Episcopal Church (A.M.E.). Bishop Adams devoted his life to service of the Church and communities across the coun-try. His relationship with the church began as a deacon in 1948, and culminated with the Senior Bishopric from 1988 to his retirement in 2004. In those 50 years of steadfast service to the A.M.E Church, Bishop Adams also stood as a pillar of the African American community in his active work with the Joint Center on Po-litical and Economic Studies, TransAfrica, the King Center Development Board and during his six-year tenure as the President of Paul Quinn College, located in my district. At that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11JA8.003 E11JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE36 January 11, 2018 
time, he was the youngest person named to the presidency of the College, as well as the youngest college or university president in the nation. He also did extraordinary work as the Founder and Chairman Emeritus of the Con-ference of National Black Churches. Bishop Adams had a longstanding and dedicated commitment to serving the cause of civil rights, and to bettering the lives of children through education. I personally witnessed his remarkable life and devotion in the fight for justice and I am truly grateful and honored to acknowledge him. Bishop Adams is survived by his loving wife, Dr. Dolly Deselle Adams, their three children and eight grandchildren, for whom we offer our thoughts and prayers. Mr. Speaker, I’d like to offer my gratitude for the work done by Bishop Adams, and honor his legacy and belief that ‘‘the strength of the African American community network allows it to support each other and come together’’. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MICHAEL R. TURNER 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 11, 2018 Mr. TURNER. Mr. Speaker, on January 10, I was unable to vote on Roll Call votes 005 through 013. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: Roll Call 005—No; Roll Call 006—No; Roll Call 007—No; Roll Call 008— Yes; Roll Call 009—Yes; Roll Call 010—Yes; Roll Call 011—Yes; Roll Call 012—Yes; and Roll Call 013—Yes. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MARK POCAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 11, 2018 Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, during my med-ical recovery, I missed the following roll call votes. Had I been present, I would have voted: December 13, 2017 No on Roll Call No. 676 No on Roll Call No. 677 No on Roll Call No. 678 No on Roll Call No. 679 No on Roll Call No. 680 December 14, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 681 No on Roll Call No. 682 Yea on Roll Call No. 683 No on Roll Call No. 684 December 18, 2017 No on Roll Call No. 685 Yea on Roll Call No. 686 Yea on Roll Call No. 687 December 19, 2017 No on Roll Call No. 688 No on Roll Call No. 689 Yea on Roll Call No. 690 Yea on Roll Call No. 691 No on Roll Call No. 692 Yea on Roll Call No. 693 No on Roll Call No. 694 Yea on Roll Call No. 695 December 20, 2017 No on Roll Call No. 697 No on Roll Call No. 698 No on Roll Call No. 699 Yea on Roll Call No. 700 Yea on Roll Call No. 701 No on Roll Call No. 702 Yea on Roll Call No. 703 December 21, 2017 No on Roll Call No. 704 No on Roll Call No. 705 Yea on Roll Call No. 706 Yea on Roll Call No. 707 f 
RECOGNIZING VETRI VELAN AND KATHY SHIELD 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 11, 2018 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recog-nize and celebrate the tremendous advocacy of two UC Berkeley students whose diligent work mobilized graduate students around the country against the greatest tax scam in American history. When President Trump and Congressional Republicans introduced legislation to reform the tax code, many of us recognized it for what it was—a blatant attempt to provide mil-lionaires and billionaires with large tax breaks, while eliminating many of the provisions that provide the working class and the poor with means to improve their standing in society. This terrible bill, passed without proper de-bate and process just before the holidays, will permanently stack the deck in favor of the rich and well-connected. In fact, we know that 83 percent of the bill’s benefits go to the richest 1 percent of our society. To pay for these un-necessary tax breaks for the rich, the bill adds more than $1 trillion to the national debt—a debt that our children and generations to come will continue to bear. In the face of this immoral redistribution of wealth to the rich, people around the country were rightfully outraged, and many of my con-stituents were strongly opposed to its pas-sage. In particular, I would like to recognize two of my constituents for their efforts to highlight a particularly damaging section of the original bill, and commend them for their actions to have it removed from the final package. Soon after the horrible GOP tax bill was in-troduced, Vetri Velan, a physics PhD student at UC Berkeley, developed an analysis of the bill. With the majority of doctoral and master students receiving institutional or fee waivers, Vetri realized that if tuition remissions were deemed taxable, graduate students could see their tax bill grow by 200 percent. It would also make it harder, and even impossible, for low or middle-income students to attend graduate school. Vetri partnered with Kathy Shield, a fellow Cal student pursuing a Nuclear Engineering PhD to develop a tax calculator allowing any graduate student to determine their new tax li-ability under the House proposal. This allowed students to write and call their elected officials with specific information about the negative impact of the new tax bill. And they didn’t stop there. Vetri and Kathy then organized graduate students at UC Berk-ley and around the country to contact 87 of-fices in 18 states to express outrage over this provision. Because of their great work this harmful provision was removed from the final bill. Vetri & Kathy have saved thousands of dollars for graduate students across the country, and have ensured many hard working students will continue to have access to graduate school. On behalf of California’s 13th Congressional District, I’d like to thank Vetri and Kathy for their exceptional work to ensure all students have equal access to higher education, and most importantly for staying woke. f 
HAPPY 125TH ANNIVERSARY UVALDE VOLUNTEER FIRE DE-PARTMENT 
HON. WILL HURD 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 11, 2018 Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the 125th Anniversary of Uvalde Volun-teer Fire Department, a critical community in-stitution and group of dedicated individuals in South Texas. The Uvalde Volunteer Fire Department was founded in 1892, just 36 years after Uvalde County was established by Reading Wood Black, a twenty-two year old from New Jersey. In addition to fighting fires and educating the people of Uvalde on fire safety and preven-tion, this Department regularly participates in community events, like the Newspapers in Education and Christmas Posada and Parade, truly going the extra mile for public service. Today I applaud the countless members of the Uvalde Volunteer Fire Department who have helped to keep Uvalde safe. The positive impact of this volunteer fire department reso-nates across Texas’ 23rd Congressional Dis-trict. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 11, 2018 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, January 11, 2018, I was unavoidably detained for rollcall vote 14. Had I been present for roll-call vote 14, I would have voted ‘‘YEA’’. 
f 
THANKING CHRISTIAN MORGAN FOR HIS SERVICE TO MISSOURI’S 2ND CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT 
HON. ANN WAGNER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 11, 2018 Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, today I in-clude in the R
ECORD a tribute that means a great deal to me, my family, and my staff. To-morrow we bid farewell to my Chief of Staff of five years, Christian Morgan. Every day, Christian has exemplified the conservative principles for which my office fights. His love for his family, faith in Jesus Christ, and undying belief in what our country stands for have led my office from the day I was sworn in, and his presence will be felt 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11JA8.007 E11JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE37 January 11, 2018 
long after his departure. Christian led by ex-ample; he was always the last to leave the of-fice and the first to arrive. He guided, moti-vated, and empowered my staff and myself through fiscal cliffs, our historic fight against human trafficking, and countless pieces of leg-islation that improved our community in St. Louis. I owe Christian a great debt of gratitude that I will never be able to fully repay, and today we bid him, the man who steered the ship, a fond farewell. It is a sendoff to a person who always kept a level head, was slow to anger, and quick to listen and lead with a spirit of hu-mility. Christian truly embodies our guiding mission to serve a cause greater than oneself and be a voice for the most vulnerable. We wish him the very best moving forward, and we are grateful for Christian Morgan’s service and sacrifice to our office, the Second District of Missouri, and our Great Nation. May he always remember these words in Romans 5: 4–5, ‘‘Endurance produces char-acter, and character produces hope, and hope does not put us to shame, because God’s love has been poured into our hearts through the Holy Spirit who has been given to us.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11JA8.013 E11JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D31 Thursday, January 11, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S143–S170 Measures Introduced: Thirteen bills and two reso-lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 2293–2305, and S. Res. 372–373.
                                        Pages S167–68 
Measures Passed: Thomasina E. Jordan Indian Tribes of Virginia Federal Recognition Act: Committee on Indian Af-fairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 984, to extend Federal recognition to the Chickahominy Indian Tribe, the Chickahominy In-dian Tribe-Eastern Division, the Upper Mattaponi Tribe, the Rappahannock Tribe, Inc., the Monacan Indian Nation, and the Nansemond Indian Tribe, and the bill was then passed.
                                Page S153 
Congratulating the North Dakota State Univer-sity football team: Senate agreed to S. Res. 372, congratulating the North Dakota State University football team for winning the 2017 National Colle-giate Athletic Association Division I Football Cham-pionship Subdivision title.
                                      Page S170 
Medal of Honor: Senate passed H.R. 4641, to au-thorize the President to award the Medal of Honor to John L. Canley for acts of valor during the Viet-nam War while a member of the Marine Corps. 
                                                                                              Page S170 
House Messages: FISA Amendments Reauthorization Act—Agree-ment: Senate began consideration of the amendment of the House to S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, taking action on the following motions and amendments proposed thereto:
            Pages S153–65 
Pending: McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill.
                                        Pages S153–54 
McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 1870 (to the House Amendment to the bill), to change the enactment date.                                    Page S154 
McConnell Amendment No. 1871 (to Amend-ment No. 1870), of a perfecting nature.
         Page S154 
McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on the Judici-ary, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 1872, to change the enactment date.
                Page S154 
McConnell Amendment No. 1873 (to (the in-structions) Amendment No. 1872), of a perfecting nature.
                                                                               Page S154 
McConnell Amendment No. 1874 (to Amend-ment No. 1873), of a perfecting nature.
         Page S154 
A motion was entered to close further debate on McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Tuesday, January 16, 2018.
                                                       Page S154 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 68 yeas to 27 nays (Vote No. 10), Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to consideration of the House message to accompany the bill. 
                                                                                      Pages S153–54 
Prior to the consideration of this measure today, Senate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                    Page S153 
A unanimous consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at approximately 4:30 p.m., on Tuesday, January 16, 2018, Senate resume consideration of the amendment of the House to the bill; and that the filing deadlines under Rule XXII, with respect to the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to con-cur in the amendment of the House to the bill, be at the following times on Tuesday, January 16, 2018: 4:45 p.m. for all first-degree amendments, and 5:15 p.m. for all second-degree amendments. 
                                                                                              Page S170 
Appointments: United States Semiquincentennial Commission: The Chair announced, on behalf of the Democratic Leader, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11JA8.REC D11JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD32 January 11, 2018 
114–196, the appointment of the following indi-vidual to serve as a member of the United States Semiquincentennial Commission: Rosa G. Rios of Maryland.
                                                                         Page S170 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: By a unanimous vote of 92 yeas (Vote No. EX. 7), Michael Lawrence Brown, of Georgia, to be United States District Judge for the Northern Dis-trict of Georgia.
                                                            Page S150 
By a unanimous vote of 96 yeas (Vote No. EX. 9), Walter David Counts III, of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas.
                                                                                 Page S153 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 90 yeas to 1 nay (Vote No. 8), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomina-tion.
                                                                                    Page S150 
Messages from the House:                                   Page S167 
Measures Referred:                                                   Page S167 
Executive Communications:                               Page S167 
Executive Reports of Committees:                 Page S167 
Additional Cosponsors:                                  Pages S168–69 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                      Pages S167–68 
Additional Statements:                                   Pages S166–67 
Amendments Submitted:                             Pages S169–70 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:           Page S170 
Privileges of the Floor:                                          Page S170 
Record Votes: Four record votes were taken today. (Total—10)
                                                  Pages S150, S153–54 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 4:29 p.m., until 1 p.m. on Friday, Janu-ary 12, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S170.) Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
U.S. POLICY IN SYRIA POST-ISIS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine United States policy in Syria post-ISIS, after receiving testimony from David M. Satterfield, Senior Bureau Official for Near Eastern Affairs, Department of State. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the following business items: S. 2152, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for assistance for victims of child pornog-raphy, with an amendment; and The nominations of Fernando Rodriguez, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Southern Dis-trict of Texas, and Joseph D. Brown, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Texas, Matthew D. Krueger, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Wisconsin, Norman Euell Arflack, to be United States Marshal for the Eastern District of Kentucky, and Ted G. Kamatchus, to be United States Marshal for the Southern District of Iowa, all of the Department of Justice. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 19 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4766–4784; and 9 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 98; and H. Res. 684–691 were intro-duced.
                                                                        Pages H168–69 
Additional Cosponsors:                                         Page H170 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 4043, to amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 to reauthorize the whistleblower protection program, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–510); H.R. 1701, to prohibit the use of Federal funds for the costs of painting portraits of officers and em-ployees of the Federal Government, with amend-ments (H. Rept. 115–511, Part 1); H.R. 3737, to provide for a study on the use of social media in security clearance investigations (H. Rept. 115–512); and H.R. 1532, to reaffirm that certain land has been taken into trust for the benefit of the Poarch Band 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11JA8.REC D11JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D33 January 11, 2018 
of Creek Indians, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–513).
                                                                        Page H168 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Simpson to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                              Page H135 
Rapid DNA Act: The House passed S. 139, to im-plement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to in-form decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, and to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, by a yea-and-nay vote of 256 yeas to 164 nays, Roll No. 16. 
                                                                                      Pages H137–60 
Rejected the Himes motion to commit the bill to the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 189 ayes to 227 noes, Roll No. 15. 
                                                                                      Pages H158–59 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–53 shall be considered as adopted.
                                                                            Page H137 
Rejected: Amash amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 115–504) that sought to replace the text of S. 139 with the text of the USA RIGHTS Act (by a yea- and-nay vote of 183 yeas to 233 nays, Roll No. 14). 
                                                                                      Pages H149–58 
H. Res. 682, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (S. 139) was agreed to yesterday, January 10th. Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure. Consideration began Tuesday, January 9th. Counter Terrorist Network Act: H.R. 4578, to authorize certain counter terrorist networks activities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, by a 
2⁄3yea- and-nay vote of 410 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 17. 
                                                                                              Page H160 
Department of Homeland Security Blue Cam-paign Authorization Act: The House agreed to dis-charge from committee and pass H.R. 4708, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to re-quire the Secretary of Homeland Security to issue Department of Homeland Security-wide guidance and develop training programs as part of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security Blue Campaign. 
                                                                                              Page H161 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow, January 12th and further, when the House adjourns on that day, it adjourns to meet at 12 noon on Tuesday, January 16th for Morning Hour debate.                                              Page H162 
Directing the Secretary of the Senate to make a correction in the enrollment of the bill S. 139: The House agreed to H. Con. Res. 78, directing the Secretary of the Senate to make a correction in the enrollment of the bill S. 139.
                               Page H162 
Committee Chairwoman Resignation: Read a let-ter from Representative Black wherein she resigned as the Chairwoman of the Committee on the Budget. 
                                                                                              Page H162 
Committee Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-resentative Gowdy wherein he resigned from the Committee on Ethics.
                                       Pages H162–63 
Committee Elections: The House agreed to H. Res. 685, electing Members to certain standing commit-tees of the House of Representatives.
                Page H163 
Senate Referral: S. 875 was referred to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce.
                      Page H166 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate today appears on page H160. Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes and one recorded vote developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H157–58, H159, H159–160, and H160. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 12:31 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11JA8.REC D11JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD34 January 11, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 1 p.m., Friday, January 12 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Friday, January 12 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma ses-sion at 10 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Buck, Ken, Colo., E33 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E34 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E34 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E36 Hurd, Will, Tex., E36 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E35 Kind, Ron, Wisc., E33 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E36 Lofgren, Zoe, Calif., E33 Pocan, Mark, Wisc., E36 Poe, Ted, Tex., E34 Quigley, Mike, Ill., E35 Ruiz, Raul, Calif., E35 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E33 Turner, Michael R., Ohio, E36 Wagner, Ann, Mo., E36 Watson Coleman, Bonnie, N.J., E35 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Jan 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D11JA8.REC D11JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST