Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, JANUARY 5, 2018 No. 3 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, January 8, 2018, at 3 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY , JANUARY 5, 2018 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. A
RRINGTON ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, January 5, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable J
ODEY C. A
RRINGTON to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Gracious and merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. In this Chamber, where the people’s House gathers, we pause to offer You gratitude for the gift of this good land on which we live and for this great Na-tion which You have inspired in devel-oping over so many years. Continue to inspire the American people that, through the difficulties of these days, we might keep liberty and justice alive in our Nation and in the world. Give to us and all people a vivid sense of Your presence that we may learn to understand each other, to re-spect each other, to work with each other, to live with each other, and to do good to each other. So shall we make our Nation great in goodness and good in its greatness. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to section 4(b) of House Resolution 670, the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings is approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. The SPEAKER pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE THE SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to section 4(a) of House Resolution 670, no organizational or legislative business will be conducted on this day. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE HON-ORABLE MATTHEW A. CART-WRIGHT, MEMBER OF CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Honorable M
ATTHEW  A. C
ARTWRIGHT , Member of Congress: HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, December 27, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have been served with a subpoena for testimony, issued by the Court of Common Pleas for Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania. After consulting with the Office of General Counsel, I will make the determinations re-quired by Rule VIII. Sincerely, M
ATTCARTWRIGHT . f 
COMMUNICATION FROM DEPUTY CHIEF OF STAFF, DISTRICT DI-RECTOR, THE HONORABLE MAT-THEW A. CARTWRIGHT, MEMBER OF CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from Bob Morgan, Deputy Chief of Staff, District Director, the Honorable M
ATTHEW A. C ARTWRIGHT , Member of Congress: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, December 27, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have been served with a subpoena for documents and testimony, issued by the Court of Com-mon Pleas for Lackawanna County, Pennsyl-vania. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:02 Jan 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.000 H05JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4 January 5, 2018 
After consulting with the Office of General Counsel, I will make the determinations re-quired by Rule VIII. Sincerely, B
OBMORGAN , Deputy Chief of Staff, District Director. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, January 4, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on January 4, 2018, at 12:16 p.m.: That the Senate passed S. 925. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. ADJOURNMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to section 4(c) of House Resolution 670, the House stands adjourned until 2 p.m. on Monday, January 8, 2018. Thereupon (at 12 o’clock and 3 min-utes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, Janu-ary 8, 2018, at 2 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:02 Jan 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.003 H05JAPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE3 January 5, 2018 
CONGRATULATING THE COD STU-DENTS ON WINNING THE DISTIN-GUISHED PROJECT MERIT AWARD FROM THE AMERICAN INSTITUTE OF ARCHITECTS 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 5, 2018 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to rise today to recognize students from the Col-lege of DuPage. Recently, seven students re-ceived the Distinguished Project Merit Award from the American Institute of Architects for their work on a gathering pavilion. The students, Andrew Dunlop, Arlinda Haxhiu, Michael Keslinke, Jose Maldonado, Drew Peterson, Malak Saadeh, and Scott Sallmann, worked together to design, plan and build the gathering pavilion which is now lo-cated on the College of DuPage campus in Glen Ellyn. This student project was the over-all focus of an eight week summer Design Build class. The wooden open-air structure was named Umbra 82 by the students. It takes the name Umbra from the darkest part of the shadow and the number 82 from the number of white boxes that make up the pavil-ion. These seven students came from all corners of DuPage County, and each member has a strong passion for architecture. In a project such as this, it was necessary that the mem-bers of the team work together and rely on one another. The hard work and long hours spent planning, designing, and creating of this project will prepare them for the rigors of an architectural career and serve them greatly in the future. The new pavilion will stand as a testament to the student’s dedication and cre-ativity and serve the community for years to come. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-lating the students on winning the Distin-guished Project Merit Award from the Amer-ican Institute of Architects and wishing them the best of luck in the future. 
f 
HONORING ARTHUR KOEPP’S 100TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. JOHN J. FASO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 5, 2018 Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ex-tend the happiest of birthday wishes to Mr. Ar-thur Koepp of Stephentown, New York who will be celebrating his 100th Birthday on Janu-ary 15, 2018. Arthur has lived a life character-ized by hard work and an unyielding selfless-ness, making him a pillar of his community. From an early age, Arthur exhibited an out-standing work ethic and a profound concern for others and the environment. As a boy, he worked on his family’s 100-acre farm, ran his own farm stand, and was an active member of the local 4–H club. Arthur’s curiosity about horticulture and farming led him to attend Cor-nell University to study agriculture. The active lifestyle of Arthur’s youth has not diminished, however. He continues to live a fruitful life, one of passion, excitement, and variety. A man of family, community, and faith, Ar-thur was a Deacon and a Sunday School teacher for most of his adult life. Alongside his wife, Esther, Arthur was also actively involved with missionary work to help strengthen com-munities and aid vulnerable populations throughout the country. Arthur’s legacy of dedicated service is a source of inspiration, in-stilling the values of perseverance, confidence, and civility in his community. Arthur’s zeal for life has made him a great role model for the people of Upstate New York, and I am proud to be his Representative in Congress. Mr. Speaker, I wish Mr. Arthur Koepp a very happy and healthy 100th birth-day. f 
HONORING VICTOR B. WILLIAMS 
HON. DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 5, 2018 Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Special Agent Victor B. Williams, who after 34 years of service with the federal government, is retiring to inde-pendently pursue his efforts to end human trafficking. Victor began his career as a Petty Officer in the U.S. Coast Guard, where he conducted search and rescue/law enforcement missions from 1982 until 1991. He then joined the U.S. Customs Service, which later became the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. As a special agent in ICE’s Homeland Security In-vestigations Unit, Victor participated in both domestic and international law enforcement in-vestigations dealing with a wide range of ac-tivities, including terrorism, narcotics, money laundering, identity and benefit fraud, maritime smuggling operations, container security, and human trafficking. Victor’s experiences during these investiga-tions triggered a lifelong determination to not only combat human trafficking, but also to educate law enforcement personnel and the public about the importance of victim-centered approach. He has served and represented over 250 entities, including non-governmental organizations, churches, private organizations, and law enforcement agencies at the federal, state, and local levels in his fight against the exploitation of people. Victor B. Williams is an extraordinary man who has dedicated his life to serving others. I could not be prouder of the time and devotion he has given to his community and his coun-try. I am honored to recognize Victor today for his invaluable contributions to combat modern- day slavery. HONORING THE 165TH ANNIVER-SARY OF SOLOMON NORTHUP’S FREEDOM HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 5, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the legacy of New York native Sol-omon Northup on Solomon Northup Freedom Day. 165 years ago, Solomon Northup was set free from his enslavement. Born a free man in New York, Mr. Northup made a living as a farmer and as a professional violinist. Unlike many African American free men during this time period, Mr. Northup was a landowner in Hebron, New York. In 1841, Mr. Northup was offered the posi-tion of violinist with a traveling circus. In Washington, D.C. the very same men who hired Mr. Northup drugged him, and sold him into the abhorrent institution that is slavery. Mr. Northup was sent to Louisiana, and lived in captivity for 11 years, 8 months, and 26 days. During his horrific enslavement, Mr. Northup worked with a Canadian who helped get word to New York about his whereabouts. New York State provided aid to free New York citi-zens who had been kidnapped and sold into slavery. Mr. Northup’s family and friends did not abandon hope. They sought the support of Washington Hunt, the Governor of New York, who helped Mr. Northup regain his freedom on the morning of January 4, 1853. No longer enslaved, Mr. Northup took little time to rest after being freed from his captors. Mr. Northup became a fierce abolitionist. He began to lecture on his experience and appear at anti-slavery conferences throughout the northeast. His memoir, ‘‘Twelve Years A Slave,’’ recounted the horrors and injustices that he faced, and received domestic and international acclaim. Today, on Solomon Northup Freedom Day, I am proud to join the cities of Saratoga Springs and Auburn in recognizing the story of Solomon Northup. Central New York is such an important part of the Abolitionist Movement. After escaping from slavery, Harriet Tubman lived in Auburn, New York until the day she died. Tubman fought her whole life for the eradication of slavery. Today, the Harriet Tub-man National Historical Park in Auburn rep-resents her legacy, and the importance of human rights, gender equality, and ending rac-ism. Solomon Northup Freedom Day also reaf-firms the necessity of eradicating modern-day slavery, human trafficking, and racial preju-dice. This January is National Human Traf-ficking Awareness month, and the United Na-tions estimates that more than 40 million men, women, and children continue to be enslaved globally. Solomon Northup will be remembered for his dedicated efforts to fight for those who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Jan 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05JA8.001 E05JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE4 January 5, 2018 
were vulnerable and did not have a voice. May we honor his legacy each and every day by following in his footsteps. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF STEPHANIE MOGENSEN 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 5, 2018 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the service of Stephanie Mogensen. Stephanie is a veteran case manager at the Jeanine Nicarico Children’s Advocacy Center in Wheaton where she serves as an advocate for children who have been victimized by sex-ual abuse and severe psychical abuse. Prior to joining the center, Stephanie worked in the Victim Witness Department of the DuPage County State’s Attorney’s Office. Dur-ing that time, she realized she wanted to focus on helping children and making a difference in the families’ lives. For the past 13 years, she has done exactly that while working at the Jeanine Nicarico Children’s Advocacy Center. Stephanie is a champion for many of the 400 to 500 children victimized by sexual abuse and severe psychical abuse in DuPage Coun-ty. She makes it her mission to monitor each child from the first phone call until the end of the criminal proceeding and in most cases, she continues to be a familiar face for the child and the family. DuPage County State’s Attorney Robert Berlin, whose office supervises the center, praised Stephanie stating, ‘‘To Stephanie, it’s not just a job. She truly cares about these vic-tims and that makes her so effective and im-portant to the office. She’s passionate. She loves her job and we’re thankful she’s here doing it.’’ This is evident by the amount of thank-you letters she receives from victims and their families who were appreciative of the empathy and kindness she showed throughout the process. Stephanie has served the DuPage community admirably. She has been a strong leader and voice for those who suf-fered tremendous pain. Her long service to the victims and their families is truly commend-able. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the service and dedication of Stephanie Mogensen. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MRS. RECY TAYLOR 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 5, 2018 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and legacy of Mrs. Recy Taylor, an extraordinary Alabamian whose story and fight for justice was an early catalyst of the Civil Rights Movement. Mrs. Recy Corbitt Taylor was born on De-cember 31, 1919, to a family of sharecroppers in Abbeville, Alabama. She cared for her six younger siblings after her mother died when she was 17. On September 3, 1944, at the age of 24, Mrs. Taylor, a wife and mother to a 3-year old daughter, was walking home from a church service at Rock Hill Holiness Church with a friend. A car full of young white men pulled up, and the men ordered Mrs. Taylor into the car at gunpoint. She was then blindfolded, brutally raped, and abandoned in the woods. In the Jim Crow South, Mrs. Taylor and other black women who dared come forward were threatened, shamed, and harassed for speaking out. Despite being threatened by her perpetrators and local law enforcement, Mrs. Taylor decided to seek justice and tried to identify her rapists. Because she spoke up, Mrs. Recy Taylor received death threats and her home was firebombed by white supremacists. As a result, she, her husband, and their young daughter moved in with her father and siblings the fol-lowing day. Her younger siblings were no longer allowed to play in the front yard. Ac-cording to reports, her father would sleep out-side at night, watching over the family while cradling a shotgun for protection. The strength and resolve Mrs. Taylor showed over 70 years ago should compel all of us to remain vigilant in seeking justice for all victims of sexual assault today. The cour-age being demonstrated today by victims of sexual violence is fueled, in part, by the brav-ery shown by Mrs. Recy Taylor and many other victims of sexual assault. Like so many racially motivated rapes and crimes during the Jim Crow era, the perpetra-tors were never arrested. When a grand jury met in October 1944, no suspects in Mrs. Recy Taylor’s case had been arrested so there was no police lineup for Mrs. Taylor to identify the perpetrators. The grand jury failed to indict any of the men linked to Mrs. Recy Taylor’s assault. Rosa Parks, who began her career as an anti-rape activist, was called upon by the NAACP to investigate the case, determine why no arrests were made, and build public support for Mrs. Taylor. She was threatened and intimidated by the deputy sheriff when she came to Abbeville to interview Mrs. Taylor. Nevertheless, she persisted, later creating the ‘‘Alabama Committee for Equal Justice for Mrs. Recy Taylor’’ triggering a movement to seek justice. Word spread nationally about Mrs. Recy Taylor’s case through the black press. Mrs. Parks spearheaded a letter writing campaign urging Alabama Governor Chauncey Sparks to investigate the crime fur-ther. After additional pressure from activists like W. E. B. DuBois, Mary Church Terrell, and Langston Hughes, the Governor sent inves-tigators to Abbeville. They found that the Sher-iff had lied about arresting the men. Despite a confession by one of the men, a second grand jury refused to indict the men in February 1945. Mrs. Recy Taylor’s courage and the network of black women that came together to defend her built a foundation for the Montgomery Bus Boycott over a decade later. Every movement since from the Civil Rights Movement in the 1950s and 1960s to the Women’s Marches in 2017 have been influenced by the determina-tion of Mrs. Recy Taylor, Mrs. Rosa Parks, and so many women like them. Most notably, Mrs. Taylor’s case has been the impetus for a movement to end impunity for sexual violence committed throughout history. Mrs. Taylor’s story gained renewed attention with the 2010 publication of a book by histo-rian Danielle McGuire entitled, ‘‘At the Dark End of the Street: Black Women, Rape, and Resistance—a New History of the Civil Rights Movement From Rosa Parks to the Rise of Black Power.’’ The book prompted long-overdue apologies from the mayor of Abbeville, the county, and a strongly worded apology from the state of Alabama in 2011. The resolution, introduced by Rep. Dexter Grimsley in the state house and Senator Billy Beasley in the state senate, acknowledged, ‘‘the lack of prosecution for crimes committed against Recy Taylor by the government of the State of Alabama . . . was, and is, morally abhorrent and repugnant.’’ The resolution went on to express ‘‘profound regret for the role played by the government of the State of Alabama in failing to prosecute the crimes.’’ The resolution was formally pre-sented to Mrs. Taylor on Mother’s Day at the church where she had worshipped the night of her attack, now known as Abbeville Memorial Church of God in Christ. Mrs. Taylor passed away on Thursday, De-cember 28, 2017, just days shy of her 98th birthday. Mrs. Taylor’s story is a pivotal link in the ever evolving pursuit of justice for victims of sexual assault. I ask my colleagues to join me in remem-bering and honoring an icon and an American treasure, Mrs. Recy Taylor. Her legacy con-tinues to live on in the countless lives she touched and fuel justice for victims of sexual violence in all communities, especially for those who feel like they have no voice. May the blessing of God be with her family, includ-ing her brother, Mr. Robert Corbitt, two sisters, Mary Murry and Liffie Kinsey, granddaughter, and great-grandchildren, and friends as they celebrate her life. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF EVELYN DESROSIERS 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 5, 2018 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Evelyn Desrosiers, a resident of New Bedford, Massachusetts, who will turn 100 years young on January 12th. A lifelong Massachusetts resident, Evelyn was born in Fairhaven and grew up in Free-town. Her father worked on a farm while her mother raised Evelyn and her siblings. After she attended grammar school, Evelyn was hired by the billing department at Hemingway Transport. Evelyn has always been a committed mem-ber of her community. Through her dedicated involvement with St. Julie’s Church in Dart-mouth, she received the Marian Medal in 2013. She is also a member of the Legion of Mary. Evelyn has many talents and even played the violin in the New Bedford Sym-phony. Today she enjoys spending time with her nephews Jim and William, grandnephew Adam, and grandnieces Angela and Elizabeth. She lives in Whaler’s Cove in New Bedford and attributes her good health to eating well and having great genes. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Evelyn Desrosiers on this joyous occasion of her 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Jan 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05JA8.004 E05JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE5 January 5, 2018 
100th birthday. I ask that my colleagues join me in wishing her many more years of health and happiness. 
f 
HONORING 50 YEARS OF MARDI GRAS HIDDEN FIGURES: THE COLOMBOS 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 5, 2018 Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the legacy of two prominent individ-uals of Carnival Season, Suzie and Anthony Colombo, for their tremendous contribution of costume-making. The Colombos will be cele-brating their 50th anniversary of costume mak-ing this upcoming Mardi Gras season 2018. Mr. Colombo first began designing cos-tumes nearly five decades ago. He believes that the importance of a costume is to bring it to life as if it was telling a story, and that is exactly what Mr. Colombo executes with each headpiece he designs. Mr. Colombo has also been able to transcend from the original size of collars to much larger, ornate pieces. His dazzling designs have become very distinctive among krewes as they would gleam along the parade routes being worn by many notable clubs such as Zulu, Endymion, and Caesar just to name a few. Working alongside Mr. Colombo is his daughter, Suzie Colombo. Suzie would often joke about her father’s concept of size when it comes to his head piece designs due to them constantly getting bigger and bigger. Suzie is known as the brain in the family busi-ness. She puts together costume design ideas and executes them thoroughly. From the head piece on down to the shoes, she has it all planned out and ready within a year. The designs created by this father and daughter team have caught the attention of many and contributed to the excitement of Mardi Gras. Mr. Colombo, who is now 83 years of age, is often asked how long he plans to continue this business. In response, he’ll always reply, ‘‘For as long as God allows me to.’’ Mr. Speaker, I am honored to celebrate the legacy of Mr. Anthony and Ms. Suzie Colombo, two Mardi Gras legends. 
f 
CONGRATULATING BOBBY HAGER ON BEING NAMED TO TEAM USA 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 5, 2018 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to rise today to recognize Bobby Hager, an ex-ceptionally talented young man from the Sixth District of Illinois. Bobby was recently selected to compete for Team Illinois in the 2018 Spe-cial Olympics USA National Games. As the first student ever chosen from Bar-rington High School, Bobby is one of the 46 Special Olympic athletes from Illinois selected to compete in the Special Olympics USA Na-tional Games. Bobby will join with more than 4,000 athletes and coaches from across the United States in Seattle for the games. After winning a gold medal at the district tournament in May followed with a bronze medal at the statewide competition in June, Bobby has earned his way to Seattle. He will be competing in the track and field portion of the Olympics. His event is throwing a softball for distance. His athletic prowess does not end there. He is also a member of the Special Olympics basketball team and has been active in the Special Olympics since the 5th grade. Bobby serves as a role model to all those with a dream and I look forward to following his progress come the Olympics in July. Bobby has immense potential and a strong work ethic. I have no doubt these traits will serve him well this summer. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing Bobby Hager for his remarkable achievement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Jan 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05JA8.007 E05JAPT1
D9 Friday, January 5, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 3 p.m., on Monday, January 8, 2018. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: There were no public bills or resolutions introduced in to-day’s Record. Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Arrington to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                  Page H3 
Pursuant to section 4(a) of H. Res. 670, the Chair announced that no organizational or legislative busi-ness will be conducted on this day.
                       Page H3 
Senate Referral: S. 925 was held at the desk. Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H4. Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 12:03 p.m. Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Jan 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05JA8.REC D05JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD10 January 5, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, January 8 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of William L. Campbell, Jr., of Ten-nessee, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Tennessee, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture thereon at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 2 p.m., Monday, January 8 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Faso, John J., N.Y., E3 Katko, John, N.Y., E3 Keating, William R., Mass., E4 Richmond, Cedric L., La., E5 Roskam, Peter J., Ill., E3, E4, E5 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E4 Wasserman Schultz, Debbie, Fla., E3 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Jan 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D05JA8.REC D05JAPT1