Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H7783 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 2018 No. 146 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 2 p.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
EADOWS ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, September 4, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable M
ARK M
EADOWS to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: We give You thanks, O God, for giv-ing us another day. In the wake of a great American holiday, we ask Your special blessing on American workers. May they know and be confident of the nobility and sacredness of their labor. As the Members of the people’s House return to the Capitol, call them as well with Your gentling voice of collegiality. When a sense of alienation shadows all of our souls, we find our differences difficult to bear, we move away from each other. Insofar as this spirit of alienation has descended upon this House, help each Member to overcome unnecessary divisions that hamper pro-ductive work on behalf of our Nation. Bring them to a deeper level of awareness of Your spirit, and make us one Nation. Give the Members listen-ing hearts, ready and willing to re-spond to Your spirit living in each one. And may all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. HILL led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
CONGRATULATING THE KERNERSVILLE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE ON ITS 50TH ANNI-VERSARY (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the Kernersville Chamber of Commerce on celebrating its 50th anni-versary this week. This organization is a steadfast pillar of the strong business community in Kernersville, North Carolina. The Teacher Grant Program is among the chamber’s many significant contributions to local education and investments in future business leaders. Each year, teachers submit proposals for creative ‘‘hands on’’ lessons, and with moneys raised over the summer, the chamber awards at least one $500 grant to each school. The chamber also supports current community and business leaders through its Leadership Kernersville Program, which has prepared 200 par-ticipants for leadership roles and in-volvement within the community, the region, and the State since 1993. The Kernersville Chamber of Com-merce has been an incredible asset to the community and will continue to be so for many years to come. f 
RECOGNIZING SIERRA HOLLEY (Mr. HILL asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, this Labor Day week, I recognize the achieve-ments of a young woman from Arkan-sas, Ms. Sierra Holley. Ms. Holley is a student at the Conway Area Career Center and recently completed the SkillsUSA Championships, where she received a Skill Point Certificate in welding sculpture. Sierra won the gold in our State’s SkillsUSA Leadership Conference and received a travel scholarship from the MikeRoweWORKS Foundation to at-tend the national competition. SkillsUSA’s programs are integrated into career and technical education through a framework of personal, workplace, and technical skills ground-ed in academics. More than 6,300 students from every State in the Union completed this year’s championships, and Arkansas is so proud of Sierra’s accomplishments. SkillsUSA Championship events are a great way for middle, high school, and college students to immerse in the field of a skilled workforce. Conway Area Career Center is lo-cated at Conway High School. I con-gratulate Sierra for her great achieve-ment and that of her teachers at the Conway Area Career Center. 
f 
HONORING CHARLY BUTCHER (Mr. BANKS of Indiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and leg-acy of northeast Indiana broadcasting icon, Charly Butcher. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04SE7.000 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7784 September 4, 2018 
For decades, thousands of northeast Indiana residents would start their mornings with Charly, a beloved radio anchor on WOWO’s morning news pro-gram. His talent and ability to speak di-rectly through the radio and into the home or car of each listener was unpar-alleled. Though he could have become a radio fixture anywhere in the country, Charly chose to stay in Fort Wayne and broadcast locally for more than 30 years. I was fortunate to get to know Charly both on and off the air, but our off-the-air conversations are what I will cherish the most. He was pas-sionate about education, as his wife Sarah is an elementary schoolteacher, and we would often discuss my work on the House Education and the Work-force Committee. While our entire region mourns his loss, his irreplaceable voice will live on for generations to come. I offer my deepest condolences to his wife Sarah, three children, and colleagues at WOWO. Mr. Speaker, I thank you for allow-ing me time to remember Charly and to honor his legacy. 
f 
HONORING THE AMERICAN WORKER (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the American worker. Yesterday, our Na-tion observed Labor Day, which was es-tablished in the late 19th century as a way to honor the workers who con-tribute to the wealth and prosperity of this great Nation. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania was one of the first eight States in the Union to recognize the holiday in the late 1880s. In 1894, President Grover Cleveland declared Labor Day a Federal holiday. While many today consider Labor Day a time to celebrate the end of summer and beginning of fall, it is more than just a three-day weekend. Labor Day honors the American worker and the power of work. It highlights that through hard work, risk, discipline, and opportunity, we can all achieve the American Dream. And more Americans will join the workforce thanks to my bill that was signed into law this summer that in-creases funding for career and tech-nical education programs. This law will work to restore rungs on the ladder of opportunity for every American re-gardless of age or background, and that is something we can all celebrate. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, August 31, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on Au-gust 31, 2018, at 10:16 a.m.: Appointment: Creating Options for Veterans’ Expedited Recovery (COVER Commission) With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS, Clerk. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4:15 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 8 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1617 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mrs. L
ESKO ) at 4 o’clock and 17 minutes p.m. 
f 
RESIGNATION AS MEMBER OF COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following resigna-tion as a member of the Committee on Small Business: CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, September 4, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, The Capitol, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN: I write to respect-fully submit my resignation as a member of the Small Business Committee. It has been an honor to serve on this Committee under the leadership of Chairman Chabot. Sincerely, J
AMES COMER . 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the resignation is accepted. There was no objection. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
MISCELLANEOUS TARIFF BILL ACT OF 2018 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Madam Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 4318) to amend the Har-monized Tariff Schedule of the United States to modify temporarily certain rates of duty. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendments is as follows: Senate amendments: 
Ω1æStrike sections 324, 372, and 1118. Ω2æStrike section 1274 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 1274. MEN’S SHOES WITH OUTER SOLES AND UPPERS OF RUBBER OR PLASTICS, VALUED OVER $3 BUT NOT OVER $6.50 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by in-serting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.03 Men’s footwear with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics, with foxing or foxing-like band, covering the ankle, closed toe or heel, valued over $3 but not over $6.50 per pair, the foregoing other than sports footwear and protec-tive, waterproof or slip-on type footwear (provided for in subheading 6402.91.70) .................................................................................................... Free No change N o change On or be-fore 12/31/ 2020 ......... ’’. 
Ω3æStrike section 1275 and insert the fol-lowing: SEC. 1275. MEN’S SHOES WITH OUTER SOLES AND UPPERS OF RUBBER OR PLASTICS, VALUED OVER $6.50 BUT NOT OVER $12 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by in-serting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K04SE7.003 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7785 September 4, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.14.04 Men’s footwear with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics (other than sports footwear), with foxing or foxing like band, covering the ankle, closed toe or heel, valued over $6.50 but not over $12.00 per pair, not of the protective, waterproof or slip-on type (provided for in subheading 6402.91.80) ................... Free No change No change On or be- fore 12/31/ 2020 ......... ’’. 
Ω4æStrike section 1305 and insert the fol-lowing: SEC. 1305. SKI BOOTS AND SNOWBOARD BOOTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by in-serting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.34 Ski boots, cross country ski footwear or snowboard boots, constructed with a forward-leaning upper or designed to attach securely to skis or a snowboard by means of bindings, the foregoing valued over $12/pair, with outer soles of rubber, plastics, leather or composition leather and uppers of textile materials (provided for in subheading 6404.11.90) .......................................................... Free No change No change On or  be-fore 12/31/ 2020 ......... ’’. 
Ω5æStrike sections 1389, 1399, 1564, and 1565. Ω6æStrike section 1665 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 1665. CUSTOMS USER FEES. 
Section 13031(j)(3)(A) of the Consolidated Om-nibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(j)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘July 21, 2027’’ and inserting ‘‘October 13, 2027’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Madam Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous mate-rial on H.R. 4318, currently under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Madam Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-port of the Senate amendments to H.R. 4318, the Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act of 2018, which the House passed in Jan-uary by a unanimous vote of 402–0, and passed the other body, the Senate, by unanimous consent in July. Through the MTB bill, we would tem-porarily suspend or reduce uncompeti-tive tariffs for certain products that aren’t made in the United States. Re-quiring U.S. manufacturers to pay tar-iffs for products that are simply not made here runs up their manufacturing costs and puts them at a competitive disadvantage compared to manufactur-ers in other countries. This bill is bipartisan, and it will de-liver much-needed temporary tariff re-lief to American manufacturers of all sizes, helping them reduce costs, create jobs, and compete globally. And the bill helps American consumers too by reducing prices and not forcing them to pay unnecessary taxes on products that aren’t made here. The Senate amendments we are con-sidering today made very few changes to the House-passed bill. Still, these changes are important to ensure that the bill, which has overwhelming sup-port in both Chambers, remains non-controversial. The changes we are considering today also reflect the spirit of the new and transparent process established by Congress, which was designed to ensure that no U.S. business is harmed and that any controversial provision is re-moved. Specifically, the amendments remove six provisions to address concerns about domestic production, as well as one provision that was simply a dupli-cate of another. In addition, the descriptions of three products were expanded and clarified to help distinguish between similar prod-ucts not covered by the tariff reduc-tion. Finally, the amendments made minor adjustments to the expiration date of the offset. I would like to, again, thank the U.S. International Trade Commission for its tremendous effort in successfully bringing this new MTB process to life. I would also like to thank the Com-merce Department and Customs and Border Protection for their invaluable work. I want to thank the committee members on both sides of the aisle, and those off the committee who worked to put this new, transparent process in place that honors the House ban on earmarks: Ranking Member R
ICHIE  N
EAL; Trade Subcommittee Chairman D
AVE REICHERT of Washington; Trade Subcommittee Ranking Member, my friend, B
ILLPASCRELL of New Jersey; Representative T
OMREEDof New York; Representative R
ENACCI of Ohio; and Representative P
AULSEN of Minnesota. Then, off the committee, I am grateful for the leadership of Representative M
ARK WALKER , Representative T OM M
CCLINTOCK , Representative T ODD R
OKITA , and Representative R ODBLUM. Today, Congress can deliver mean-ingful tariff relief to American manu-facturers and take action that will help boost American productivity, Amer-ican competitiveness, and American job creation. I urge my colleagues to join us in concurring with the Senate amend-ments to H.R. 4318. Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. PASCRELL. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. For decades, the Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act of 2018 has had longstanding and broad bipartisan support in both Chambers of Congress. It has been used as a means to bolster United States manufacturing and competitiveness by temporarily reducing or suspending tariffs on certain imported goods and components. I cosponsored this bill when it was introduced last November. I supported it when we considered it on the floor earlier this year in January. The MTB returns to the House today for consideration of amendments made by the Senate on July 26. As the House takes up this bill again, I intend to support the bill, as amend-ed. I have always supported and will al-ways support American manufacturers, and will do everything I can to boost their ability to compete. And I com-mend the chairman. My home State of New Jersey will benefit greatly from the program, with firms projected to save more than $100 million over the course of a 3-year pe-riod. From chemicals to textiles, our State’s industries will benefit. The largest industry in New Jersey is chemical manufacturing, employing di-rectly or indirectly over 100,000 work-ers. Several of those firms will receive tariff relief from numerous imported chemicals that I dare not try to pro-nounce. I can’t overlook the relief given to little, green peperoncino for those subs and pizzas we all love. Even in Texas, they have that. But today’s vote raises important questions about what I consider to be the chaotic approach to trade from this President and some of my Republican colleagues, their unwillingness to chal-lenge. Since the passage of the MTB in Jan-uary, this administration has imposed tariffs on up to $47 billion of steel and aluminum imports from around the world and $50 billion on imported goods from China. The administration is now in the final week of a public comment process to determine $200 billion of additional imports from China that it intends to subject to tariffs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04SE7.004 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7786 September 4, 2018 
This administration can and should take strong measures to make China accountable for cheating our global trade system and ripping off American companies and workers. On that, we can agree. But what is confusing right now is the fact that, while the administration continues to move forward with tariffs that will cover nearly half of all im-ported products from China, the MTB will reduce or remove tariffs on many of the same products. That is a little confusing. To me, it is. For the $50 billion in Chinese imports currently subject to Section 301 tariffs, there are up to 150 products that are covered by today’s bill. For the list of proposed goods valued at $200 billion in Chinese imports that the administra-tion is currently considering subjecting to additional tariffs, the overlap with today’s bill could be as high as 1,000 products. Now, it is true that the MTB reduces or suspends tariffs on products im-ported from any and all countries, not just China. But let me remind everyone of this: While the administration has been imposing tariffs, our trading part-ners have been responding in kind by hitting our exports with retaliatory tariffs. As we consider suspending some 1,600 tariffs on imports from China and other countries, I haven’t heard that any of those countries is about to re-ciprocate and do us any similar favors. Because the administration is relying so heavily on the use of tariffs as a trade enforcement tool—remember, a tool, yes, not a weapon—the majority’s push to move MTB, which reduces and suspends tariffs, with a minimal amount of process, seems like a con-certed effort to contradict the adminis-tration’s own trade agenda. So, how does the MTB fit with this administration’s trade agenda? Well, we have been asking that question for many months. Several months ago, the administra-tion reached out to the Ways and Means Trade Subcommittee to express concerns with the MTB, especially as it will apply to import duties on goods from China, including finished goods. In response, I expressed my strong in-terest in working with the administra-tion to address and resolve those con-cerns. In May, as the administration turned up the heat on tariffs on China, I asked the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee to convene a hearing with administration representatives on these China trade policies. My Democratic colleagues and I were also open to marking up the MTB in committee and considering the legisla-tion under regular order. In no case did we find willing partners. Tomorrow, the Ways and Means Com-mittee will hold a markup on my reso-lution of inquiry, seeking information about the administration’s tariffs pol-icy, and I expect to revisit the ques-tion. Today, I will support the Miscella-neous Tariff Bill Act of 2018. I want to commend the chairman. I don’t say that blindly. I think he has asked many good questions when we have had tariff issues and trade issues before the entire body as well as the sub-committee. I think that this is good. I think that this is important. But we are talking about a specific bill here today, and it is in contradic-tion to what the administration has proffered. I have also, on behalf of my fellow Democrats, extended every effort to work toward bringing coherence to the policies. To my Republican colleagues, the question I ask you is: What have you done to do that? As we look to the future, in conclu-sion, I am committed to working to improve the MTB process, to pursue a broader global economic strategy that supports U.S. workers and firms. Imposing or suspending tariffs is not enough. We need trade policies that are strong, effective, and coherent. b1630 We must remember what the purpose of the miscellaneous tariff process is. If we don’t produce it in the United States, then we will not place a tariff on anything. That helps us and our manufacturers, who might need those products from other countries. I think it is a wise process, and I commend the chairman for pursuing this and stick-ing to it. Madam Speaker, I think that this is important legislation. No one can deny that. This is not frivolous legislation by any stretch, but it cannot be in con-tradiction with the general agenda for trade universally. This is what I am very concerned about. I have given spe-cific examples as to what I am talking about. This is going to help my State; it is going to help a lot of States through-out the union. I sincerely do commend the chairman for making sure that we get this done before November. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Madam Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, H.R. 4318 will de-liver much-needed temporary tariff re-lief to American manufacturers of all sizes, helping them to grow and create jobs. The bill will also help American consumers by reducing prices and not forcing families to pay unnecessary taxes on products that aren’t made here. Madam Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to join here in a bipartisan way concurring with the Senate amend-ments to H.R. 4318. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendments to the bill, H.R. 4318. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendments were concurred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
BIOMETRIC IDENTIFICATION TRANSNATIONAL MIGRATION ALERT PROGRAM AUTHORIZA-TION ACT OF 2018 Mr. M
CCAUL. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6439) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish in the Department of Homeland Security the Biometric Identification Transnational Migration Alert Program, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6439 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Biometric Identification Transnational Migration Alert Program Authorization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. BIOMETRIC IDENTIFICATION TRANSNATIONAL MIGRATION ALERT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle D of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 251 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 447. BIOMETRIC IDENTIFICATION TRANSNATIONAL MIGRATION ALERT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Department a program to be known as the Biometric Identification Transnational Migration Alert Program (referred to in this section as ‘BITMAP’) to address and reduce national security, border security, and ter-rorist threats before such threats reach the international border of the United States. ‘‘(b) D
UTIES .—In carrying out BITMAP op-erations, the Secretary, acting through the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, shall— ‘‘(1) coordinate, in consultation with the Secretary of State, appropriate representa-tives of foreign governments, and the heads of other Federal agencies, as appropriate, to facilitate the voluntary sharing of biometric and biographic information collected from foreign nationals for the purpose of identi-fying and screening such nationals to iden-tify those nationals who may pose a terrorist threat or a threat to national security or border security; ‘‘(2) provide capabilities, including train-ing and equipment, to partner countries to voluntarily collect biometric and biographic identification data from individuals to iden-tify, prevent, detect, and interdict high risk individuals identified as national security, border security, or terrorist threats who may attempt to enter the United States utilizing illicit pathways; ‘‘(3) provide capabilities, including train-ing and equipment, to partner countries to compare foreign data against appropriate United States national security, border secu-rity, terrorist, immigration, and counter-ter-rorism data, including— ‘‘(A) the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s Terrorist Screening Database, or successor database; ‘‘(B) the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s Next Generation Identification database, or successor database; ‘‘(C) the Department of Defense Automated Biometric Identification System (commonly known as ‘ABIS’), or successor database; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04SE7.008 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7787 September 4, 2018 
‘‘(D) the Department’s Automated Biomet-ric Identification System (commonly known as ‘IDENT’), or successor database; and ‘‘(E) any other database, notice, or means that the Secretary, in consultation with the heads of other Federal departments and agencies responsible for such databases, no-tices, or means, designates; and ‘‘(4) ensure biometric and biographic iden-tification data collected pursuant to BITMAP are incorporated into appropriate United States Government databases, in compliance with the policies and procedures established by the Privacy Officer appointed under section 222. ‘‘(c) C
OLLABORATION .—The Secretary shall ensure that BITMAP operations include par-ticipation from relevant components of the Department, and request participation from other Federal agencies, as appropriate. ‘‘(d) A
GREEMENTS .—Before carrying out BITMAP operations in a foreign country that, as of the date of the enactment of this section, was not a partner country described in this section, the Secretary, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of State, shall enter into agreement or arrangement with the government of such country that outlines such operations in such country, including related departmental operations. Such coun-try shall be a partner country described in this section pursuant to and for purposes of such agreement or arrangement. ‘‘(e) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 60 days before an agreement with the government of a foreign country to carry out BITMAP operations in such foreign country enters into force, the Secretary shall provide the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate with a copy of the agree-ment to establish such operations, which shall include— ‘‘(1) the identification of the foreign coun-try with which the Secretary intends to enter into such an agreement; ‘‘(2) the location at which such operations will be conducted; and ‘‘(3) the terms and conditions for Depart-ment personnel operating at such location.’’. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Biometric Identifica-tion Transnational Migration Alert Program (BITMAP) is established under section 447 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (as added by subsection (a) of this section) and annu-ally thereafter for the following five years, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate a report that details the effectiveness of BITMAP oper-ations in enhancing national security, border security, and counterterrorism operations. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 446 the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘Sec. 447. Biometric Identification Transnational Migration Alert Program.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) and the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCAUL. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. MCCAUL. Madam Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of my legislation to help protect the American people and keep our homeland safe. We are only 1 week out from the 17th anniversary of 9/11, and a lot has changed since those four horrifying at-tacks, but one thing remains the same: America’s enemies are always looking for new ways to sneak into our coun-try. Today, many special interest aliens and other nefarious actors, including potential terrorists, are exploiting il-licit pathways throughout Central and South America, racing towards the border. To combat this threat, we need to le-verage our international partnerships and use advanced technology to our ad-vantage. One of the best tools we have is ICE’s Biometric Identification Transnational Migration Alert Pro-gram, otherwise known as BITMAP. BITMAP was created in 2011 by the Obama administration and is utilized on five different continents. Through this program, trained and vetted law enforcement officers collect biometric and biographic data on po-tentially dangerous individuals trav-eling through their country. The col-lected data is then shared with Amer-ican law enforcement, the Department of Defense, and intelligence agencies. This vital information helps us enrich our databases, map illicit pathways, exploit networks, and learn about indi-viduals looking to bring harm. In the last few years, BITMAP has identified several hundred known or suspected terrorists. Top national secu-rity officials from DOD and DHS have testified to its success. For example, former Acting Director of ICE, Thomas Homan, told me at a recent hearing: ‘‘People that were known terrorists had been turned around in Panama and sent back before reaching our shores. . . .’’ BITMAP ‘‘has already proven successful.’’ And that is according to the former Director of ICE. BITMAP does not just ID suspected terrorists, however. It also identifies drug smugglers, sex offenders, mur-derers, child predators, gang members like MS–13, and people with active war-rants and other dangerous back-grounds. My bill will enhance American and foreign law enforcement’s ability to keep our citizens safe by identifying threats at the earliest possible stage. Simply put, it will help stop dangerous individuals who want to bring harm to the American people. Threats to America, whether through terrorism, human trafficking, or dead-ly opioids, continue to grow, and we must do everything we can to stop them. I am proud this legislation passed out of our committee with bipartisan sup-port, and I want to thank Congressman BILLKEATING for all of his work on this issue. Passing this important legislation through the House is a simple step we can take to make our homeland more secure, and I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill. Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Madam Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 6439, the Biometric Identifica-tion Transnational Migration Alert Program Authorization Act of 2018. I have long supported Department of Homeland Security overseas programs aimed at preventing terrorist threats from ever arriving at our borders. In fact, over the years, I have sponsored a number of measures that specifically seek to drive greater international col-laboration and expand DHS’ overseas border security footprint. Two well-established overseas DHS programs that come to mind are: U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion’s Preclearance program, in which officers are posted abroad to screen travelers prior to boarding U.S.-bound flights; and Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment’s Visa Security Program, in which ICE special agents are posted at overseas consulates to assist State De-partment staff in visa vetting. Earlier this Congress, Representative F
ILEMON VELA, the lead Democrat on our Border and Maritime Security Sub-committee, introduced two bills aimed at bolstering international border and counterterrorism cooperation: H.R. 2218 would authorize ICE’s Bor-der Enforcement Security Task Force, a program that has been proven to be effective at enhancing cooperation and information sharing among law en-forcement along the U.S.-Mexico bor-der. The second bill, H.R. 4578, is targeted at expanding efforts carried out by CBP’s National Targeting Center aimed at disrupting and dismantling terrorists and other criminal networks. When presented to the full House, both bills received unanimous support from Democrats for good reason: They are effective counterterrorism pro-grams. However, I am sorry to say, as of today, there is not enough data to as-sess whether the same can be said for ICE’s Biometric Identification Transnational Migration Alert Pro-gram, or BITMAP, pilot. As such, I cannot support permanently author-izing it, as set forth under H.R. 6439. I would expect that some Members of this body are unfamiliar with the pro-gram, as it is largely a classified pro-gram and, as such, little information about BITMAP is in the public domain. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04SE7.005 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7788 September 4, 2018 
Since 2011, ICE’s BITMAP pilot pro-gram has trained and equipped foreign law enforcement partners on collecting biographic and biometric data of for-eign nationals migrating through part-ner countries so that such information can be checked against U.S. intel-ligence and law enforcement databases. The stated goal of the program is to identify known or suspected terrorists or criminals prior to arrival at our bor-ders. Though in operation for several years, the volume of data collected only started to be significant in the last 2 years. Prior to considering H.R. 6439 in com-mittee, committee members had re-peatedly been presented in a classified setting with anecdotes about successes that the program has experienced. While we appreciated hearing positive news about this pilot, anecdotes are not enough to justify permanently au-thorizing this program. Anecdotes are no substitute for data and evidence of efficiency. In an effort to secure data prior to committee consideration, I submitted a number of basic questions about the program’s efficacy and operations to ICE. I received a response prior to the committee’s markup that raised fur-ther questions about BITMAP’s effi-cacy as well as core operational ques-tions, such as: After checks against databases, what does the U.S. Government do with the records it collects on migrants who are not found to have terrorist ties? What, if any, protections exist to guard against the collection of highly personal and sensitive information from migrants with no criminal or ter-rorist ties who are encountered no-where near the U.S.-Mexico border and have no intentions of coming anywhere close to it? What, if any, audit or oversight mechanisms exist to ensure that for-eign partners adhere to requirements of the program and do not use this so-phisticated law enforcement tool to suppress domestic activities? Over the recess, ICE officials briefed the committee staff about BITMAP, but fundamental questions remain. I hope that there will be a day when I can say without reservation that, after careful review of BITMAP’s oper-ational documents and data, I fully support making it permanent. Unfortu-nately, today is not the day. In the absence of evidence, I cannot support H.R. 6439, but I am supportive of the pilot continuing so that ICE can work to aggregate and assess critical data to make an evidentiary case to Congress for why the program should be permanently authorized. b1645 I would note that enactment of H.R. 6439 is not necessary for BITMAP to continue to operate. With or without passage of H.R. 6439, ICE expects to continue to be able to operate the pilot. Madam Speaker, before I close, I in-clude in the R
ECORD a letter from the American Civil Liberties Union in op-position to this legislation. 
SEPTEMBER 4, 2018. Re Vote NO on H.R. 6439, the Biometric Iden-tification Transnational Migration Alert Program (BITMAP) Authorization Act of 2018. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the American Civil Liberties Union, Immigrant Legal Resource Center, National Immigra-tion Law Center and the National Immigra-tion Project of the National Lawyers Guild, we urge you to oppose H.R. 6439, legislation that would permanently authorize the bio-metric pilot program known as ‘‘BITMAP’’ within the Department of Homeland Secu-rity (DHS). The House is expected to con-sider this bill under suspension of the rules on Tuesday, September 4, 2018. We urge you to oppose H.R. 6439. H.R. 6439 would permanently authorize BITMAP, a program which has existed since 2010—but with no privacy or transparency protections, and with insufficient fact-find-ing during committee consideration of the bill. Although BITMAP would continue with-out enactment of this legislation, the House should not permanently authorize the BITMAP program with limited information, no information on whether DHS takes any steps to protect privacy, no studies regard-ing its efficacy, and no statutory privacy or transparency protections. This bill raises significant concerns re-garding the sharing of information across foreign governments related to suspicion of terrorism, gang violence, and other so-called national security concerns with very little information as to how this information is used and retained. In 2010, DHS began pilot-ing BITMAP to collect and share biometric and biographical data on ‘‘special interest aliens, violent criminals, fugitives and con-firmed or suspected terrorists.’’ According to previous testimony by DHS officials, this also includes gang members and other per-sons of interest who may pose a potential na-tional security concern. There is no information or proof as to BITMAP’s effectiveness. Despite numerous requests from Congress, including members of the House Homeland Security Committee, DHS has failed to provide information since the program’s inception in 2010 that shows its effectiveness or that it is tailored to meet its needs. Given this, it is premature to per-manently authorize the program, particu-larly given the significant privacy and civil liberties concerns. The legislation fails to require that the program adhere to privacy protections. This program includes the sharing of extraor-dinarily sensitive information regarding in-dividuals without warrant or analogous legal process. Yet, the legislation fails to include any privacy standards that DHS must follow with regards to the program. For example, what information can be collected, how long can it be stored, when can it be disseminated to other agencies, and can it be shared with foreign partners? The omission of these pro-tections in the bill is particularly striking given that the agency has not provided any public information regarding what, if any, privacy protections currently apply to the execution of BITMAP. The legislation fails to place limits on how information collected under BITMAP can be used. There is little to no information re-garding what actions may be triggered as a result of these database checks nor informa-tion regarding what is considered ‘‘sus-picion’’ or a ‘‘national security concern.’’ The terms used by officials in discussing this program such as terrorism, gang members, and national security concern have histori-cally been used to target Muslim, Arab, Ira-nian, Latinx, Middle Eastern, and South Asian populations. The failure to provide in-formation regarding policies governing BITMAP raises significant concerns that the program may result in unjust profiling and discrimination. The existing legislation fails to include any language that would prohibit such improper uses. Moreover, insufficient information has been made public to assess whether such profiling and discrimination are current problems with the program. Under this bill, DHS would have the au-thority to enter into agreements with for-eign countries to carry out BITMAP oper-ations without legislative or judicial review. Although this bill would require DHS to no-tify Congress before the execution of BITMAP agreements, the agreements would not be subject to congressional authoriza-tion. This legislation would significantly un-dermine Congress’ oversight role by allowing DHS to take measures without sufficient checks or balances. Additionally, the bill fails to ensure that the public is made aware of how DHS is exercising its authority. It is irresponsible to permanently author-ize BITMAP without a full understanding of its effectiveness, policies and procedures, privacy and civil rights protections, and oversight mechanisms. We urge you to oppose H.R. 6439. Sincerely, A
MERICAN CIVILLIBERTIES  U
NION. I
MMIGRANT LEGAL  R
ESOURCE CENTER . N
ATIONAL IMMIGRATION  L
AWCENTER . N
ATIONAL IMMIGRATION  P
ROJECT OF THE  N
ATIONAL LAWYERS  G
UILD. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Madam Speaker, it is our duty as Mem-bers of Congress to ensure that coun-terterrorism pilot programs are effec-tive prior to permanently authorizing them. As I mentioned at the outset, DHS has a number of proven overseas, border, and counterterrorism programs that have strong congressional bipar-tisan support. However, with all due respect to the chairman, the efficacy of BITMAP as a counterterrorism program has not been established. As such, a permanent au-thorization of H.R. 6439 is premature. Given the classified nature of this program, some Members are unfamiliar with it and there are natural limita-tions as to what we are able to discuss on the House floor. But I understand that at an unclassified staff-level brief-ing during the recess on threats in the Caribbean, ICE officials stated that BITMAP is working and successful, but failed to provide data to back up the assertions. I will concede that ICE has shared some promising anecdotes, and I do not object to ICE officials touting what they see as a successful overseas pro-gram to Congress. However, when ICE’s broad-based assertions and anecdotes are not backed up with data and metrics, it falls to Congress to carry out oversight of the program, not blindly authorize it. Let’s not reward the administration for failing to provide Congress with necessary data and metrics. Let’s come 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04SE7.012 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7789 September 4, 2018 
together and vote down H.R. 6439. By taking such action, we will be commu-nicating to ICE our expectations, while in no way preventing the BITMAP pilot from continuing as it has for the past 7 years. As I said earlier, I sincerely hope that the positive aspects of BITMAP being touted by the other side of the aisle today can be backed up by reli-able data and facts. Unfortunately, the little information we have on BITMAP to date simply does not justify a stand-alone authorization. Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to oppose H.R. 6439, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCAUL. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Madam Speaker, I have tremendous respect for the gentleman from Mis-sissippi, but I do have to respectfully disagree with some of his assertions. First of all, this program, BITMAP, was started 7 years ago under the Obama administration. And over the last 7 years, we have obtained suffi-cient data that would verify the suc-cess of the program. In fact, I can’t get into the classified nature of the program. Suffice it to say that we stopped hundreds of known or suspected terrorists from entering the United States under this tried-and-true program. The Secretary testified before our committee that, on average, 19 known or suspected terrorists try to enter the United States every day. Our solemn obligation is to protect the American people from the threats that we see outside of the United States and do ev-erything we can to stop them from get-ting into the United States. What the 9/11 Commission talked about in its report about travel and keeping bad people and bad things out of the United States, is the reason this committee was formed in the first place. And we have heard the stories about ISIS in written materials en-couraging followers to cross our south-west border. We talked about the 9/11 Commission. We talked about terror-ists’ travel strategies. This is one of those strategies, one of those programs that I believe the 9/11 Commission was talking about. Why not use the best technology we have and use biometrics to identify known or suspected terrorists, MS–13 gang members, child predators, opioid traffickers, all of the bad stuff that can come into this country. When Border Patrol tells me we only know 50 per-cent of what is coming into the coun-try, why would we not want to use the most innovative technology so that when someone enters this hemisphere under one name and gets up to the Mexico border under another name— just like in the Mollie Tibbetts’ kill-ing, slaying, where someone came into the country and changed their iden-tity. This stops the changing of iden-tity up the road into the United States. Why? Biometrics don’t lie. You are who you are. And we know who they are through the great, best technology we have available today. So I believe that being opposed to this legislation really puts the American people at harm. I hope I am wrong in saying this, be-cause I never want politics to enter this committee: National security should never be political. The terror-ists don’t check our partisan affili-ation. But my concern is that because ICE is in this bill, we are drawing oppo-sition. Madam Speaker, this is one of the best programs that ICE administers, created under the Obama administra-tion. It deserves and it has earned to be fully authorized by the United States Congress, and I ask that all of my col-leagues support this measure. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6439. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. M
CCAUL. Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
TSA OPPORTUNITIES TO PURSUE EXPANDED NETWORKS FOR BUSINESS ACT Mr. M
CCAUL. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6459) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require a strat-egy to diversify the technology stake-holder marketplace regarding the ac-quisition by the Transportation Secu-rity Administration of security screen-ing technologies, and for other pur-poses. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6459 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘TSA Oppor-tunities to Pursue Expanded Networks for Business Act’’ or the ‘‘TSA OPEN for Busi-ness Act’’. 
SEC. 2. STRATEGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B of title XVI of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 563 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1617. DIVERSIFIED TECHNOLOGY STAKE-HOLDER MARKETPLACE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a strategy to diversify the technology stakeholder marketplace that the Administrator relies upon to acquire se-curity screening technologies, including by increased participation of small business innovators. ‘‘(b) CONTENTS .—The strategy required under subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) Information on how Administration solicitation, testing, evaluation, piloting, ac-quisition, and procurement processes impact the Administrator’s ability to acquire from a technology stakeholder, including a small business innovator, that has not previously provided technology to the Administration, an innovative technology or capability with the potential to enhance transportation se-curity. ‘‘(2) Specific actions that the Adminis-trator will take, including modifications to the processes described in paragraph (1), to foster diversification within the technology stakeholder marketplace, together with in-formation on projected timelines for such ac-tions. ‘‘(3) Plans for how the Administrator may, to the extent practicable, assist a small busi-ness innovator at certain points in such processes, including when such an innovator lacks adequate resources to participate in such processes, to help ensure that an ad-vanced technology or capability can be de-veloped and acquired by the Administrator. ‘‘(4) A feasibility assessment of partnering with an organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code to help provide venture capital to businesses, particularly small business innovators, for commercialization of innova-tive homeland security technologies that are expected to be ready for commercialization in the near term and within 36 months. In conducting such feasibility assessment, the Administrator shall consider the following: ‘‘(A) Establishing an organization de-scribed in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code, modeled after the In-Q-tel program, as a venture cap-ital partnership between the private sector and the intelligence community to help busi-nesses, particularly small business innovators, commercialize innovative secu-rity-related technologies. ‘‘(B) Enhanced engagement, either through the Science and Technology Directorate of the Department of Homeland Security or di-rectly, with the In-Q-tel program described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as requiring changes to the Transportation Security Ad-ministration standards for security tech-nology. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .—The term ‘intelligence community’ has the meaning given such term in section 3(4) of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)). ‘‘(2) S
MALL BUSINESS CONCERN .—The term ‘small business concern’ has the meaning de-scribed under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). ‘‘(3) S
MALL BUSINESS INNOVATOR .—The term ‘small business innovator’ means a stake-holder that is a small business concern that has an advanced transportation security technology or capability.’’. (b) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later than one year after the submission of the strategy required under section 1617 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (as added by subsection (a)), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a review of the extent to which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04SE7.014 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7790 September 4, 2018 
such strategy addresses the requirements of such section, has resulted in increased par-ticipation of small business innovators in the technology stakeholder marketplace, and has resulted in a diversification of the marketplace. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1616 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 1617. Diversified technology stake-holder marketplace.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) and the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCAUL. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include any ex-traneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCAUL. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-port of H.R. 6459, the TSA Opportuni-ties to Pursue Expanded Networks for Business Act, also known as the TSA OPEN for Business Act, sponsored by the ranking member of the Committee on Homeland Security, Mr. T
HOMPSON . This bipartisan legislation seeks to improve how TSA partners with the private sector to offer innovative tech-nologies for passenger screening. In particular, this bill aims to bolster ac-cess for small businesses to TSA’s ac-quisition process and better serve the public. Specifically, this bill directs the TSA administrator to develop a strategy to diversify the stakeholder marketplace used to acquire advanced security tech-nologies. This strategy must include plans to assist small businesses with navigating the agency’s acquisitions and procurement processes, which are often overly bureaucratic. Additionally, the bill will help estab-lish public-private partnerships that will direct venture capital toward emerging, promising technologies. Madam Speaker, our airline industry still remains the crown jewel of targets for international terrorists. The public deserves to have the best security in place throughout America’s transpor-tation and aviation sector, and it is in-cumbent upon the TSA to create a streamlined way of identifying and de-ploying advanced security tech-nologies. Since its creation, TSA has struggled to expand participation by small busi-nesses and direct resources towards promising technologies. Ranking Mem-ber T
HOMPSON ’s legislation reduces bu-reaucratic hurdles, while promoting private sector innovation. Madam Speaker, I want to thank the ranking member for introducing this excellent legislation, as well as the chairman of the Subcommittee on Transportation and Protective Secu-rity, Mr. KATKO , for his leadership on this issue. This legislation offers a bipartisan approach to improving opportunities for small businesses seeking to partner with TSA, and improves the security of our Nation’s transportation systems. Madam Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to support the bill, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6459, the TSA Opportunities to Pursue Expanded Networks for Busi-ness Act, or TSA OPEN for Business Act. Madam Speaker, the Transportation Security Administration must acquire and deploy effective security tech-nology to keep up with current threats. To do so, TSA must ensure its acquisi-tion processes incentivize security manufacturers to develop innovative solutions and compete for contract awards. Unfortunately, in practice, TSA’s processes are unwieldy and full of delays and roadblocks that limit inter-est and competition. Today, companies looking to do business with TSA for the first time must invest significant resources and expend years of effort on testing and piloting before ever receiv-ing a single purchase order. For small businesses, which gen-erally lack other revenue streams to underwrite their operations while working through the maze of TSA’s processes, these impediments often prove insurmountable. There is no way of knowing how many small businesses have had innovative security solutions, but pursued other opportunities rather than risk getting tangled up in TSA’s acquisition web. My bill, the TSA OPEN for Business Act, requires TSA to develop a strat-egy to diversify the technology stake-holder marketplace that it relies upon to acquire security technologies. Im-portantly, the strategy must address barriers to participation for businesses that have not previously provided tech-nology to TSA, including small busi-ness innovators. It also requires TSA to conduct a fea-sibility assessment of partnering with a nonprofit organization to provide venture capital to help businesses com-mercialize innovative technologies, similar to the In-Q-Tel program that has been so successful within the intel-ligence community. By pushing TSA to take proactive ac-tion to diversify the security tech-nology marketplace, H.R. 6459 has the potential to increase competition with-in the transportation security tech-nology marketplace to ultimately de-liver better security. b1700 Madam Speaker, in fiscal year 2017, TSA awarded over $1.6 billion in con-tracts. Within such a large market-place, there should be plenty of space for businesses of all sizes with innova-tive ideas to compete. H.R. 6459 will push TSA to take steps to diversify the security technology marketplace to en-sure that it is positioned to acquire the most innovative technology available. Madam Speaker, I thank my col-leagues on the other side for their sup-port, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCAUL. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Madam Speaker, in closing, I thank Ranking Member T
HOMPSON for bring-ing this legislation. When a lot of people look at TSA, they look at the lines and the screen-ing that takes place. Sometimes I often think they don’t get the respect that they deserve. TSA does a lot more than screening at airports. It screens overseas; it has intelligence leads to stop terrorists from coming into the country; and, most importantly, it stops terrorists with the latest threat that we have that I can say publicly now: turning laptops into bombs and toxic gas. That is a threat that keeps me up at night with U.S.-bound passengers from air-ports like Istanbul, Cairo, and Riyadh into JFK Airport and other airports, but also domestic flights. It is impor-tant that we pass this bill that the ranking member introduced to make sure that TSA has the best technology available to stop that threat. I am proud to say that we have worked in a bipartisan fashion to en-sure that the moneys have been appro-priated to buy these new technologies and new machines that outdated tech-nology cannot see or screen but the up-dated technology can. We owe it to the American people to deploy this new technology as soon and quickly as pos-sible, given the immediate threat to the United States and the airline sec-tor. Madam Speaker, I think this is an excellent bill. I fully support it, and I urge my colleagues to support it as well. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 6459, the ‘‘TSA OPEN for Business Act,’’ which amends the Homeland Security Act of 2002, to diversify the technology stakeholder marketplace for TSA acquisitions. I would like to thank Ranking Member T
HOMPSON for his leadership on the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and for intro-ducing this important bill to improve transpor-tation security. H.R. 6459 directs the Administrator of the U.S. Transportation Security Administration to develop and submit to Congress a strategy to diversify the technology stakeholder market-place regarding the acquisition by the TSA of security screening technologies. That strategy must include: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A04SE7.006 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7791 September 4, 2018 
1. Information on how Administration solici-tation, testing, evaluation, piloting, acquisition, and procurement processes impact the Admin-istrator’s ability to acquire from a technology stakeholder, including a small business inno-vator, that has not previously provided tech-nology to the Administration, an innovative technology or capability with the potential to enhance transportation security; 2. Specific actions that the administrator will take to foster diversification within the tech-nology stakeholder market along with a timeline for such actions; 3. Plans for how the administrator may as-sist a small business innovator at certain points in such process; and 4. A feasibility assessment of partnering with an organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code. I represent the 18th Congressional District of Texas which is situated in Houston and home to 2 major airports, the George Bush International Airport and William P. Hobby Air-port, which are essential hubs for domestic and international air travel for Houston and the region. Nearly 40 million passengers traveled through George Bush International Airport (IAH) and an additional 10 million traveled through William P. Hobby (HOU). More than 650 daily departures occur at George Bush International Airport, which is also the 11th busiest airport in the U.S. for total passenger traffic and annually handles more than 419,205 metric tons of cargo. As better transportation security technology becomes available, it is imperative that it be adequately evaluated for use in our nation’s airports. The size of a company should not limit it from contributing to the important work of avia-tion security. We should support advances in transpor-tation security technology that are positive and help fulfill the TSA’s mission to protect our na-tion’s transportation systems from terrorist threats. I ask that all members join me in voting to pass H.R. 6459, the ‘‘TSA OPEN for Business Act.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6459. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SECURING THE HOMELAND SECU-RITY SUPPLY CHAIN ACT OF 2018 Mr. KING of New York. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6430) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Secretary of Homeland Security to implement certain require-ments for information relating to sup-ply chain risk, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 6430 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Securing the Homeland Security Supply Chain Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY REQUIREMENTS FOR INFORMATION RELATING TO SUPPLY CHAIN RISK. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle D of title VIII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 836. REQUIREMENTS FOR INFORMATION RELATING TO SUPPLY CHAIN RISK. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORITY .—Subject to subsection (b), the Secretary may— ‘‘(1) carry out a covered procurement ac-tion; ‘‘(2) limit, notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, in whole or in part, the disclo-sure of information, including classified in-formation, relating to the basis for carrying out such an action; and ‘‘(3) exclude, in whole or in part, a source carried out in the course of such an action applicable to a covered procurement of the Department. ‘‘(b) D
ETERMINATION AND NOTIFICATION .— Except as authorized by subsection (c) to ad-dress an urgent national security interest, the Secretary may exercise the authority provided in subsection (a) only after— ‘‘(1) obtaining a joint recommendation, in unclassified or classified form, from the Chief Acquisition Officer and the Chief Infor-mation Officer of Department, including a review of any risk assessment made avail-able by an appropriate person or entity, that there is a significant supply chain risk in a covered procurement; ‘‘(2) notifying any source named in the joint recommendation described in para-graph (1) advising— ‘‘(A) that a recommendation has been ob-tained; ‘‘(B) to the extent consistent with the na-tional security and law enforcement inter-ests, the basis for such recommendation; ‘‘(C) that, within 30 days after receipt of notice, such source may submit information and argument in opposition to such rec-ommendation; and ‘‘(D) of the procedures governing the con-sideration of such submission and the pos-sible exercise of the authority provided in subsection (a); ‘‘(3) notifying the relevant components of the Department that such risk assessment has demonstrated significant supply chain risk to a covered procurement; and ‘‘(4) making a determination in writing, in unclassified or classified form, that after considering any information submitted by a source under paragraph (2), and in consulta-tion with the Chief Information Officer of the Department, that— ‘‘(A) use of authority under subsection (a)(1) is necessary to protect national secu-rity by reducing supply chain risk; ‘‘(B) less intrusive measures are not rea-sonably available to reduce such risk; ‘‘(C) a decision to limit disclosure of infor-mation under subsection (a)(2) is necessary to protect national security interest; and ‘‘(D) the use of such authorities will apply to a single covered procurement or a class of covered procurements, and otherwise speci-fies the scope of such determination; ‘‘(5) providing to the Committee on Home-land Security of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a classified or unclassified notice of the de-termination made under paragraph (4) that includes— ‘‘(A) the joint recommendation described in paragraph (1); ‘‘(B) a summary of any risk assessment re-viewed in support of such joint recommenda-tion; and ‘‘(C) a summary of the basis for such deter-mination, including a discussion of less in-trusive measures that were considered and why such measures were not reasonably available to reduce supply chain risk; ‘‘(6) notifying the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, and the heads of other Federal agencies as appropriate, in a manner and to the extent consistent with the requirements of national security; and ‘‘(7) taking steps to maintain the confiden-tiality of any notifications under this sub-section. ‘‘(c) PROCEDURES TOADDRESS URGENT NA-
TIONAL SECURITY INTERESTS .—In any case in which the Secretary determines that na-tional security interests require the imme-diate exercise of the authorities under sub-section (a), the Secretary— ‘‘(1) may, to the extent necessary to ad-dress any such national security interest, and subject to the conditions specified in paragraph (2)— ‘‘(A) temporarily delay the notice required by subsection (b)(2); ‘‘(B) make the determination required by subsection (b)(4), regardless of whether the notice required by subsection (b)(2) has been provided or whether the notified source at issue has submitted any information in re-sponse to such notice; ‘‘(C) temporarily delay the notice required by subsections (b)(4) and (b)(5); and ‘‘(D) exercise the authority provided in subsection (a) in accordance with such deter-mination; and ‘‘(2) shall take actions necessary to comply with all requirements of subsection (b) as soon as practicable after addressing the ur-gent national security interest that is the subject of paragraph (1), including— ‘‘(A) providing the notice required by sub-section (b)(2); ‘‘(B) promptly considering any information submitted by the source at issue in response to such notice, and making any appropriate modifications to the determination required by subsection (b)(4) based on such informa-tion; and ‘‘(C) providing the notice required by sub-sections (b)(5) and (b)(6), including a descrip-tion of such urgent national security, and any modifications to such determination made in accordance with subparagraph (B). ‘‘(d) A
NNUAL REVIEW OF DETERMINATIONS .— The Secretary shall annually review all de-terminations made under subsection (b). ‘‘(e) D
ELEGATION .—The Secretary may not delegate the authority provided in sub-section (a) or the responsibility identified in subsection (d) to an official below the Dep-uty Secretary. ‘‘(f) L
IMITATION OF REVIEW .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, no ac-tion taken by the Secretary under sub-section (a) may be subject to review in a bid protest before the Government Account-ability Office or in any Federal court. ‘‘(g) C
ONSULTATION .—In developing proce-dures and guidelines for the implementation of the authorities described in this section, the Secretary shall review the procedures and guidelines utilized by the Department of Defense to carry out similar authorities. ‘‘(h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
OVERED ARTICLE .—The term ‘covered article’ means: ‘‘(A) Information technology, including cloud computing services of all types. ‘‘(B) Telecommunications equipment. ‘‘(C) Telecommunications services. ‘‘(D) The processing of information on a Federal or non-Federal information system, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04SE7.011 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7792 September 4, 2018 
subject to the requirements of the Controlled Unclassified Information program of the De-partment. ‘‘(E) Hardware, systems, devices, software, or services that include embedded or inci-dental information technology. ‘‘(2) C
OVERED PROCUREMENT .—The term ‘covered procurement’ means— ‘‘(A) a source selection for a covered arti-cle involving either a performance specifica-tion, as provided in subsection (a)(3)(B) of section 3306 of title 41, United States Code, or an evaluation factor, as provided in sub-section (c)(1)(A) of such section, relating to supply chain risk, or with respect to which supply chain risk considerations are included in the Department’s determination of wheth-er a source is a responsible source as defined in section 113 of such title; ‘‘(B) the consideration of proposals for and issuance of a task or delivery order for a cov-ered article, as provided in section 4106(d)(3) of title 41, United States Code, with respect to which the task or delivery order contract includes a contract clause establishing a re-quirement relating to supply chain risk; ‘‘(C) any contract action involving a con-tract for a covered article with respect to which such contract includes a clause estab-lishing requirements relating to supply chain risk; or ‘‘(D) any procurement made via Govern-ment Purchase Care for a covered article when supply chain risk has been identified as a concern. ‘‘(3) C
OVERED PROCUREMENT ACTION .—The term ‘covered procurement action’ means any of the following actions, if such action takes place in the course of conducting a covered procurement: ‘‘(A) The exclusion of a source that fails to meet qualification requirements established pursuant to section 3311 of title 41, United States Code, for the purpose of reducing sup-ply chain risk in the acquisition or use of a covered article. ‘‘(B) The exclusion of a source that fails to achieve an acceptable rating with regard to an evaluation factor providing for the con-sideration of supply chain risk in the evalua-tion of proposals for the award of a contract or the issuance of a task or delivery order. ‘‘(C) The determination that a source is not a responsible source based on consider-ations of supply chain risk. ‘‘(D) The decision to withhold consent for a contractor to subcontract with a particular source or to direct a contractor to exclude a particular source from consideration for a subcontract. ‘‘(4) I
NFORMATION SYSTEM .—The term ‘in-formation system’ has the meaning given such term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code. ‘‘(5) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘information technology’ has the meaning given such term in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code. ‘‘(6) R
ESPONSIBLE SOURCE .—The term ‘re-sponsible source’ has the meaning given such term in section 113 of title 41, United States Code. ‘‘(7) S
UPPLY CHAIN RISK .—The term ‘supply chain risk’ means the risk that a malicious actor may sabotage, maliciously introduce an unwanted function, extract or modify data, or otherwise manipulate the design, in-tegrity, manufacturing, production, distribu-tion, installation, operation, or maintenance of a covered article so as to surveil, deny, disrupt, or otherwise manipulate the func-tion, use, or operation of the information technology or information stored or trans-mitted on the covered articles. ‘‘(8) T
ELECOMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT .—The term ‘telecommunications equipment’ has the meaning given such term in section 153(52) of title 47, United States Code. ‘‘(9) TELECOMMUNICATIONS SERVICE .—The term ‘telecommunications service’ has the meaning given such term in section 153(53) of title 47, United States Code. ‘‘(i) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The requirements of this section shall take effect on the date that is 90 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act and shall apply to— ‘‘(1) contracts awarded on or after such date; and ‘‘(2) task and delivery orders issued on or after such date pursuant to contracts award-ed before, on, or after such date.’’. (b) R
ULEMAKING .—Section 553 of title 5, United States Code, and section 1707 of title 41, United States Code, shall not apply to the Secretary of Homeland Security when car-rying out the authorities and responsibilities under section 836 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a). (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 835 the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘Sec. 836. Requirements for information re-lating to supply chain risk.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ING) and the gen-tleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KING of New York. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include any extraneous ma-terial on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KING of New York. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, on July 24, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security voted to favorably report H.R. 6430. I want to thank the Oversight and Management Efficiency Subcommittee chairman, Mr. P
ERRY ; the full committee chair-man, Mr. M
CCAUL; Ranking Member T
HOMPSON ; the Counterterrorism and Intelligence Subcommittee ranking member, Miss R
ICE; the Oversight and Management Efficiency ranking mem-ber, Mr. C
ORREA ; Congressman D ONO-
VAN; and Congressman P AYNE for work-ing with me and cosponsoring this leg-islation. The legislation under consideration is a result of several years of oversight into supply chain and counterintel-ligence risks in the procurement proc-ess. There is no question that nation- states and criminal actors are con-stantly trying to exploit U.S. Govern-ment and private-sector systems to steal information or insert potentially harmful hardware or software. The re-cent cases involving Kaspersky, ZTE, and Huawei underscore the threats posed to the Federal supply chain and the urgency in developing stronger mechanisms to secure it. On July 12, I held a hearing to review DHS’ current supply chain risk man-agement programs as well as assess the need for additional authority. At the hearing, the Department’s chief infor-mation officer noted: ‘‘Gaps exist in the Department’s authority to use in-telligence to support its procurement decisions. . . . In those exceptional cases where mitigation is not possible, the Department needs the capability to react swiftly while appropriately re-stricting the disclosure of other na-tional security sensitive information.’’ Clearly, Madam Speaker, this is a problem. The bill under consideration today provides the DHS Secretary with authority to restrict information tech-nology procurements if the vendor poses a threat to the DHS supply chain. This bill establishes true coordina-tion between the acquisition process and intelligence. This authority is modeled after existing authority grant-ed to the Department of Defense in 2011. The legislation also includes im-portant enhancements recommended by the Office of Management and Budg-et based on a governmentwide supply chain risk management proposal re-leased at the end of July. I am hopeful that, as this bill moves through the process, we will also have an opportunity to consider the legisla-tion that provides similar authority to ensure national security vetting is in-corporated into the wider government procurement process. As a national security agency, it is vital that DHS also have robust supply chain risk management practices and tools to identify, mitigate, and remove potential threats to its systems and contracts. With this legislation, Con-gress is ensuring that DHS will have the authority necessary to fully vet and restrict, if necessary, vendors who pose a threat. Madam Speaker, I urge all Members to join me in supporting H.R. 6430, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6430, the Securing the Homeland Secu-rity Supply Chain Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6430 would author-ize the Secretary of Homeland Security to exclude an information technology and communication vendor that is deemed to pose significant national se-curity risk from contracts for equip-ment and services. I strongly believe that DHS must have the necessary tools to address evolving cyber incursions and espio-nage by nation-states to keep our country safe. The most significant risk to the supply chain comes from Chi-nese and Russian companies. For years, the intelligence commu-nity has warned that information and communication technology produced by Chinese companies, most notably ZTE and Huawei, could be used to carry out cyber theft and espionage. Some companies with ties to the Russian Government also pose national 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04SE7.010 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7793 September 4, 2018 
security risks. The U.S. Government has particularly highlighted concerns about Kaspersky Lab. In September 2017, DHS issued a directive requiring Federal agencies to remove all Kaspersky products from their net-works, given ties between certain Kaspersky officials and Russian intel-ligence. The risks to the supply chain are all too real and must be mitigated. That is why I am proud to cosponsor H.R. 6430, a measure that acts upon the informa-tion provided to us by our intelligence community to help DHS better counter these mounting threats. H.R. 6430 provides DHS with needed authority to exclude vendors who are bad actors from the information tech-nology and communications supply chain. If enacted, H.R. 6430 will allow the Department to be proactive and ef-fective in addressing these complex threats in the future. Importantly, the bill includes robust oversight provisions to ensure that Congress receives notification and jus-tification of any exercise of authority under this act. Notably, this measure is based on a similar authority pro-vided to the Department of Defense in 2011 and incorporates language pro-vided by the Office of Management and Budget. H.R. 6430 provides the Secretary of Homeland Security with a much-need-ed tool to eliminate national security threats to our supply chain. Enactment of H.R. 6430 will help DHS secure infor-mation technology and telecommuni-cations equipment and services that are so essential to keeping our Nation secure. Mr. Speaker, I would like to com-pliment the gentleman from New York, who has significant experience in this area, for offering this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support H.R. 6430, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Let me again thank the gentleman from Mississippi and the ranking mem-ber for his service on this bill and his service to the committee over the years. Mr. Speaker, this legislation provides DHS vital authority to protect the De-partment from vendors who pose a risk. The bill includes important ac-countability measures to ensure that decisions are risk based, allows the vendor to provide feedback, and re-quires annual reviews any time the au-thority is used. This is commonsense legislation that will provide important national secu-rity protections for the Department similar to what already exists for the Department of Defense and the intel-ligence community. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6430, the Se-curing the Homeland Security Supply Chain Act of 2018, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ILL). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. KING) that the House sus-pend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6430. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ADVANCING CYBERSECURITY DIAGNOSTICS AND MITIGATION ACT Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6443) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Secretary of Homeland Security to es-tablish a continuous diagnostics and mitigation program at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6443 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Advancing Cy-bersecurity Diagnostics and Mitigation Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ESTABLISHMENT OF CONTINUOUS DIAGNOSTICS AND MITIGATION PRO-GRAM IN DEPARTMENT OF HOME-LAND SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 230 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 151) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) C
ONTINUOUS DIAGNOSTICS AND MITIGA -
TION.— ‘‘(1) P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall de-ploy, operate, and maintain a continuous diagnostics and mitigation program. Under such program, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) develop and provide the capability to col-lect, analyze, and visualize information relating to security data and cybersecurity risks; ‘‘(ii) make program capabilities available for use, with or without reimbursement; ‘‘(iii) employ shared services, collective pur-chasing, blanket purchase agreements, and any other economic or procurement models the Sec-retary determines appropriate to maximize the costs savings associated with implementing an information system; ‘‘(iv) assist entities in setting information se-curity priorities and managing cybersecurity risks; and ‘‘(v) develop policies and procedures for re-porting systemic cybersecurity risks and poten-tial incidents based upon data collected under such program. ‘‘(B) R
EGULAR IMPROVEMENT .—The Secretary shall regularly deploy new technologies and modify existing technologies to the continuous diagnostics and mitigation program required under subparagraph (A), as appropriate, to im-prove the program. ‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES .—In carrying out the contin-uous diagnostics and mitigation program under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall ensure, to the extent practicable, that— ‘‘(A) timely, actionable, and relevant cyberse-curity risk information, assessments, and anal-ysis are provided in real time; ‘‘(B) share the analysis and products devel-oped under such program; ‘‘(C) all information, assessments, analyses, and raw data under such program is made available to the national cybersecurity and com-munications integration center of the Depart-ment; and ‘‘(D) provide regular reports on cybersecurity risks.’’. (b) CONTINUOUS DIAGNOSTICS AND MITIGATION  S
TRATEGY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall develop a comprehensive continuous diagnostics and miti-gation strategy to carry out the continuous diagnostics and mitigation program required under subsection (g) of section 230 of such Act, as added by subsection (a). (2) S
COPE.—The strategy required under para-graph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the continuous diagnostics and mitigation program, including efforts by the Secretary of Homeland Security to assist with the deployment of program tools, ca-pabilities, and services, from the inception of the program referred to in paragraph (1) to the date of the enactment of this Act. (B) A description of the coordination required to deploy, install, and maintain the tools, capa-bilities, and services that the Secretary of Home-land Security determines to be necessary to sat-isfy the requirements of such program. (C) A description of any obstacles facing the deployment, installation, and maintenance of tools, capabilities, and services under such pro-gram. (D) Recommendations and guidelines to help maintain and continuously upgrade tools, capa-bilities, and services provided under such pro-gram. (E) Recommendations for using the data col-lected by such program for creating a common framework for data analytics, visualization of enterprise-wide risks, and real-time reporting. (F) Recommendations for future efforts and activities, including for the rollout of new tools, capabilities and services, proposed timelines for delivery, and whether to continue the use of phased rollout plans, related to securing net-works, devices, data, and information tech-nology assets through the use of such program. (3) F
ORM.—The strategy required under sub-paragraph (A) shall be submitted in an unclassi-fied form, but may contain a classified annex. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the development of the strategy required under sub-section (b), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representative a report on cybersecu-rity risk posture based on the data collected through the continuous diagnostics and mitiga-tion program under subsection (g) of section 230 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) and the gen-tleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, earlier this year, the Office of Management and Budget and the Department of Homeland Security 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04SE7.019 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7794 September 4, 2018 
released a report on the cybersecurity risks faced by Federal agencies. Among the findings of that report was that al-most 75 percent of our Federal agencies are vulnerable to cyber threats, in large part due to their inability to un-derstand cybersecurity risks and, therefore, to properly prioritize re-sources. Mr. Speaker, it is statistics like this that should make the state of our Na-tion’s cyber readiness and resilience deeply troubling to all of us. And it is one of the main reasons that DHS’ Con-tinuous Diagnostics and Mitigation, or CDM, program has been one of my top priorities during my time as chairman of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection Subcommittee. That is be-cause CDM has the potential to provide solutions to this problem by dramati-cally increasing visibility across Fed-eral networks, thereby dramatically improving the ability of DHS, OMB, and agency security officers to better understand the technology assets being utilized across their agencies. Mr. Speaker, at the end of the day, looking across all networks and sys-tems the Federal Government owns and operates, it comes down to fingers on government keyboards, whether they be laptops, desktops, tablets, serv-ers, or in data centers. b1715 We need to know what we have before we can try to defend it. That is why the CDM program is so crucial to the cybersecurity posture of our Federal Government. Through its phased rollout, CDM requires DHS to provide agencies with the capabilities to collect the cybersecurity risk infor-mation necessary to make better deci-sions. It not only allows the ability to combat our enemies in cyberspace, but also to help Federal CIOs manage in-formation technology. The security data that CDM capabili-ties and tools collect will help Federal CIOs and DHS make smarter choices about where taxpayer dollars are going and to understand some of the most basic questions a cybersecurity expert faces, including what devices are on the network. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6443 is necessary to codify the CDM program at DHS and ensure that these authorities will exist to allow the continued progress of this essential cybersecurity program. Making sure that Federal agencies have access to the tools and capabili-ties they need to defend their networks and getting DHS the data to under-stand cybersecurity risks and vulnera-bilities, and to coordinate our Federal network defenses, are paramount con-cerns in this technological age. My goal, and the goal of the bipar-tisan group of cosponsors supporting H.R. 6443, is to help boost the long- term success of the CDM program. This bill also ensures that this pro-gram keeps pace with the cutting-edge capabilities being developed in the pri-vate sector, thereby avoiding the type of vendor lock that has previously been a problem. In that way, this bill en-sures that we will be modernizing and updating our systems before they be-come legacy technologies unsupported by vendors and at even greater risk of being exploited by our digital adver-saries. It is DHS’ CDM program that will help Federal agencies and the whole of the Federal Government to understand the threats they face and the risks that these vulnerabilities pose in real time. Authorizing the CDM program will fur-ther DHS’ role in the cybersecurity mission throughout our government and will continue to strengthen and elevate this important program. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6443, the Advanced Cybersecurity Con-tinuous Diagnostics and Mitigation Act. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6443 would codify the existing Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation, or CDM, program with-in the Department of Homeland Secu-rity’s National Protection and Pro-grams Directorate, NPPD. CDM is an important part of our na-tional approach to securing Federal networks. Through CDM, DHS works with Federal agencies to identify, pur-chase, and integrate cybersecurity tools and services to help defend their networks against cyber attacks. By taking advantage of bulk pricing, CDM allows agencies to purchase secu-rity services at a discounted rate and, in turn, devote more of their limited resources to carrying out their mis-sions. Another benefit of the program is that it enables DHS to track threats to agency networks, giving the Depart-ment a more holistic view of the threat landscape. Still, given the enormous challenges associated with protecting such a mas-sive and diverse set of networks, it is not surprising that DHS has, at times, struggled. For instance, in rolling out CDM, DHS officials mapped four phases of implementation where, in the first phase, agencies would identify all the assets and devices on their networks. At the time, DHS projected that the last phase, which is focused on pro-tecting the data that agencies store, would begin being tackled in 2017. Un-fortunately, the CDM deployment schedule has been plagued with across- the-board delays, starting with the im-plementation of phase 1, which took years. As a result of these delays, the data housed on agency networks—what the bad guys are really after—remains less secure than might otherwise have been. H.R. 6443 would address CDM’s chal-lenges in a few ways, for example, by asking DHS to reconsider its phased approach to implementation and exam-ine opportunities to streamline adop-tion of CDM technologies. This bill would also require DHS to develop a comprehensive strategy that addresses deployment challenges, areas where greater coordination is needed, and recommendations for continuous improvement. Finally, H.R. 6443 adds specificity to DHS’ responsibilities under CDM and includes robust reporting requirements to inform congressional oversight. Every year, Federal networks get hit by tens of thousands of attempted in-trusions, many of them sophisticated, state-sponsored attacks. We have seen time and again the cost and damage that can flow from a high-profile Fed-eral breach. As such, we need CDM to work. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ). Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I want to recognize and thank the gen-tleman from Texas for his leadership on this issue as well as for his leader-ship as chairman of the Subcommittee on Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection. As the cofounder and co-chair of the Congressional Cybersecurity Caucus, which I have co-led for a decade with my good friend Chairman M
CCAUL, I firmly believe that cybersecurity is the national and economic security issue of the 21st century. I believe it is, there-fore, incumbent upon us as Members of Congress to enable the government to take the steps needed to protect our systems and to provide some course correction when necessary. This bill does both, authorizing the Continuous Diagnostics and Mitiga-tion, or CDM, program and requiring a strategy from the Department of Homeland Security to guide its future growth. CDM represents a core compo-nent of the Department’s efforts to bet-ter secure the dot-gov domain. In par-ticular, by giving agencies a better view into their networks, systems, and data, it helps provide an understanding of cybersecurity status in real time. It also feeds back data to DHS, so that cybersecurity specialists at the National Protection and Programs Di-rectorate can better assist agencies in closing vulnerabilities and responding to incidents. Conceptually, CDM makes a lot of sense, but it has not been without chal-lenges in implementation. Originally designed with a phased model that fo-cused on incorporating new sets of tools at each milestone, it has fallen behind schedule, and many agencies have expressed skepticism about the program’s utility. I believe in CDM, and I believe that the congressional direction provided by Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ’s bill will help dispel some of these doubts. I also believe that the strategy can further help refocus the program on the present and future needs of Federal networks. So I am pleased that, during the committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04SE7.022 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7795 September 4, 2018 
consideration, my amendment requir-ing a re-examination of the phasing plan was adopted. While I appreciate the thought un-derlying the original phasing approach, I believe that we make more progress if the planned phase 3 and phase 4 are constructed in parallel rather than se-rially. This is a good bill, and I urge my col-leagues to support its passage. How-ever, I must take this opportunity to mention this bill’s major omission. It does not address the incentive struc-ture at other agencies to actually adopt CDM offerings. During hearings and roundtables on the program, we often heard from government stake-holders that internal dynamics at DHS’ sister agencies were actually the big-gest obstacle to the program’s success. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
IG-
GINS of Louisiana). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. This is, to be sure, outside the pur-view of the Committee on Homeland Security, and I believe the bill before us will materially improve the pro-gram. One other thing, I urge my colleagues to consider the wisdom of having so many committees involved with cyber-security jurisdiction, often to the det-riment of making real progress. Right now, there are some 30 committees and subcommittees that have jurisdiction over cyber, and it is very difficult to get things done. So I also urge my col-leagues to look at the Executive Cyber-space Coordination Act, which would put a Senate-confirmed director of cy-bersecurity at the White House to help better coordinate interagency proc-esses. Dealing with these jurisdictional problems would substantially improve our cybersecurity posture and would allow CDM to fully live up to its poten-tial. With that, I would like to again thank Ranking Member T
HOMPSON and Chairmen M
CCAUL and R ATCLIFFE for continuing their focus on cybersecu-rity. I strongly urge support for H.R. 6443. I commend Chairman R
ATCLIFFE  for introducing the bill, and I certainly hope all Members will support it and DHS’ ongoing cybersecurity efforts. Mr. RATCLIFFE. I reserve the bal-ance of my time, Mr. Speaker. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers on this bill, and I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6443 seeks to im-prove DHS’ capacity to carry out one of its more important homeland secu-rity missions: the protection of Federal agency networks. Over the past decade, we have seen the number of cyber attacks against Federal agencies rise by more than 1,000 percent. Last year alone, the Of-fice of Management and Budget re-ported that Federal agencies experi-enced more than 35,000 cybersecurity incidents. A challenge of this mag-nitude cannot be undertaken by each agency on its own. They need help. That is where the CDM program comes in. By authorizing CDM in law, DHS and its agency partners can con-fidently move forward to bolster Fed-eral network security. By requiring the Department to revisit its implementa-tion plans and work to finally resolve its longstanding CDM challenges, H.R. 6443 puts the program on an even more secure footing. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my friends across the aisle, Ranking Member THOMPSON  and Congressman L
ANGEVIN , for their support of this bill. I would like to thank the ranking member of the Cy-bersecurity and Infrastructure Protec-tion Subcommittee, Mr. R
ICHMOND , for cosponsoring this bill. Mr. Speaker, this is, very simply, commonsense legislation that will strengthen our Nation’s cybersecurity posture and thereby strengthen our Na-tion’s national security. Mr. Speaker, once again, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6443, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6443, the ‘‘Advancing Cybersecurity Diagnostics and Mitigation Act’’ which codifies the Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation (CDM) Program administered by the Department of Homeland Security. At a time when the computer networks of our government are under constant attack, and have suffered serious breaches in recent years, we must take action to ensure that the information of our citizens and the ability of federal agencies to carry out their duties are resilient. As a long-time advocate of a government that works efficiently for the people, it is clear that current information security practices of federal agencies are neither sufficient nor con-sistent. Without an honest effort to even get to ob-tain a view of the security state of federal net-works, users, and devices, we will continue to be increasingly vulnerable. To that end, H.R. 6443 recognizes the im-portance of a dynamic approach that will help secure federal networks and data, as well as provide improved information on vulnerabilities and security practices across the various agencies. In particular, this measure codifies the Con-tinuous Diagnostics and Mitigation (CDM) Pro-gram to which: 1. Deploys DHS sensors which perform on-going scans for vulnerabilities and known flaws; and 2. Feed the collected data to an enterprise dashboard to provide increased insight into the information security posture of federal agencies. Without codifying this concrete measure to fortify federal networks and devices, federal agencies will remain vulnerable. While codifying the DHS CDM Program will harden the security posture of the federal gov-ernment, we are still suffering from a shortage of workers with the requisite skills in this area. To address this, I have introduced the Cyber Security Education and Federal Work-force Enhancement Act (H.R. 1981), which would address our cyber workforce shortage by establishing an Office of Cybersecurity Education and Awareness within DHS which will focus on: 1. Recruiting information assurance, cyber-security, and computer security professionals; 2. Providing grants, training programs, and other support for kindergarten through grade 12, secondary, and post-secondary computer security education programs; 3. Supporting guest lecturer programs in which professional computer security experts lecture computer science students at institu-tions of higher education; 4. Identifying youth training programs for students to work in part-time or summer posi-tions at federal agencies; and 5. Developing programs to support under-represented minorities in computer security fields with programs at minority-serving institu-tions, including Historically Black Colleges and Universities, Hispanic-serving institutions, Na-tive American colleges, Asian-American insti-tutions, and rural colleges and universities. Mr. Speaker, government agencies and the private sector alike continue to struggle to identify the motivations and methods behind a cyber-attack and, in many cases, lack timely information on tactics and techniques hackers are using. Despite this, the White House has elimi-nated the position of Cybersecurity Coordi-nator from the National Security Council. This occurred even after Federal Risk De-termination Reports found that communication of threat information within agencies is also in-consistent, with only 59 percent of agencies reporting a capability to share threat informa-tion to all employees within an enterprise so they have the knowledge necessary to block attacks. Federal agencies are not taking advantage of all available information such as threat intel-ligence, incident data, and network traffic flow to improve situational awareness regarding systems at risk and to prioritize investments. For this reason, earlier this Congress, I in-troduced H.R. 3202, the ‘‘Cyber Vulnerability Disclosure Reporting Act’’, which was passed by the full House and is now in the Senate. H.R. 3202 requires the Secretary of Home-land Security to submit a report on the policies and procedures developed for coordinating cyber vulnerability disclosures. The report will include an annex with infor-mation on instances in which cyber security vulnerability disclosure policies and proce-dures were used to disclose details on identi-fied weaknesses in computing systems or dig-ital devices at risk. The report will provide information on the degree to which the information provided by DHS was used by industry and other stake-holders. I would also like to recognize the University of Houston, which has been recognized by the Department of Homeland Security and the Na-tional Security Agency as a Center of Aca-demic Excellence for the programs in cyberse-curity and cyber defense. In closing, Mr. Speaker, I urge all members to join me in voting to pass H.R. 6433, the ‘‘Advancing Cybersecurity Diagnostics and Mitigation Act’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K04SE7.024 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7796 September 4, 2018 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6443, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MARITIME BORDER SECURITY REVIEW ACT Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5869) to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a mari-time border threat analysis, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5869 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Maritime Bor-der Security Review Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; (B) the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure of the House of Representatives; (C) the Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs of the Senate; and (D) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. (2) M
ARITIME BORDER .—The term ‘‘maritime border’’ means— (A) the transit zone; and (B) the borders and territorial waters of Puer-to Rico and the United States Virgin Islands. (3) T
RANSIT ZONE .—The term ‘‘transit zone’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1092(a)(8) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (6 U.S.C. 223(a)(8)). 
SEC. 3. MARITIME BORDER THREAT ANALYSIS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a maritime border threat analysis that includes an identi-fication and description of the following: (1) Current and potential terrorism and crimi-nal threats posed by individuals and groups seeking to— (A) enter the United States through the mari-time border; or (B) exploit border vulnerabilities on the mari-time border. (2) Improvements needed at United States sea ports to— (A) prevent terrorists and instruments of ter-ror from entering the United States; and (B) reduce criminal activity, as measured by the total flow of illegal goods and illicit drugs, related to the maritime border. (3) Improvements needed with respect to the maritime border to— (A) prevent terrorists and instruments of ter-ror from entering the United States; and (B) reduce criminal activity related to the maritime border. (4) Vulnerabilities in law, policy, cooperation between State, territorial, and local law enforce-ment, or international agreements that hinder effective and efficient border security, counter-terrorism, anti-human trafficking efforts, and the flow of legitimate trade with respect to the maritime border. (5) Metrics and performance parameters used by the Department of Homeland Security to evaluate maritime security effectiveness, as ap-propriate. (b) ANALYSIS REQUIREMENTS .—In preparing the threat analysis required under subsection (a), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall consider and examine the following: (1) Technology needs and challenges. (2) Personnel needs and challenges. (3) The role of State, territorial, and local law enforcement in general border security activi-ties. (4) The need for cooperation among Federal, State, territorial, local, and appropriate inter-national law enforcement entities relating to border security. (5) The geographic challenges of the maritime border. (6) The impact and consequences of Hurri-canes Harvey, Irma, Maria, and Nate on general border security activities with respect to the maritime border. (c) C
LASSIFIED THREAT ANALYSIS .—To the ex-tent possible, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall submit the threat analysis required under subsection (a) in unclassified form. The Secretary may submit a portion of the threat analysis in classified form if the Secretary deter-mines that such form is appropriate for such portion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) and the gen-tleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. b1730 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5869, the Maritime Border Secu-rity Review Act, sponsored by the gen-tlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´N), my friend and col-league. With increasing focus on the threats at the southwest border, we must be mindful that our adversaries can and will adapt as they seek to gain entry into our homeland. As illicit pathways are squeezed on the southwest border, the Nation’s maritime border is a like-ly alternative route for our adversaries to utilize. The brave men and women of the United States Coast Guard are respon-sible for patrolling our Nation’s mari-time border, conducting counter-drug and migrant interdiction operations, as well as search and rescue missions to ensure the safety and legitimacy of travel and trade in the maritime envi-ronment. The Coast Guard also interdicts and often rescues migrants who are at-tempting to reach the United States not only from the Caribbean and Latin American region but, as recent cases have indicated, from countries outside the Western Hemisphere, including China, India, Pakistan, and Jordan. Cocaine is one of the most highly trafficked drugs throughout the mari-time border, especially in the transit zone, a 7-million-square-mile area that includes the sea corridors of the west-ern Atlantic Ocean, the Caribbean Sea, the Gulf of Mexico, and the eastern Pa-cific Ocean. I know that firsthand from the time I spent for 2 years in the mid- nineties prosecuting international drug organizations in San Juan, Puerto Rico. The Coast Guard interdicts thou-sands of pounds of cocaine every year; though, according to the DHS Office of Inspector General, only about 8.2 per-cent of the total cocaine flow through the transit zone was interdicted in fis-cal year 2017. Unfortunately, we currently do not have the resources to turn back or interdict all the threats in the mari-time environment. To make matters worse, the devastating effects of the 2017 hurricane season diminished local law enforcement operational capabili-ties and resources available to combat maritime-based threats in the U.S. ter-ritories, putting further strain on our Federal law enforcement agents and of-ficers. Many of the hurricane-affected areas are still not back to pre-hurricane con-ditions. Under this environment, by the time a threat reaches our coastal waters, it is too easy to slip into the country and often too late, from a law enforcement standpoint, to intercept that threat. H.R. 5869 requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a threat analysis of the greater U.S. maritime border, to include the territorial waters of Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands as well as the transit zone. The bill requires the ex-amination of terrorist and criminal threats posed by individuals and groups seeking to enter the U.S. through the maritime border. The bill also requires the Secretary to identify vulnerabilities in law, pol-icy, and cooperation between State, territorial, and local law enforcement, and it asks the Secretary to review the impact of the geographic challenges of the maritime border and of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, Maria, and Nate on gen-eral border security activities related to the maritime border. The Maritime Border Security Re-view Act is a necessary and timely piece of legislation, and I want to thank the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico for introducing it. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to join me in supporting H.R. 5869, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04SE7.025 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7797 September 4, 2018 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  I
NFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, September 4, 2018. Hon. M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I write con-cerning H.R. 5869, the Maritime Border Secu-rity Review Act. This legislation includes matters that I believe fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. In order to expedite floor consideration of H.R. 5869, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forgo action on this bill, including seeking a sequential referral. However, this is conditional on our mutual understanding that forgoing consideration of the bill does not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or simi-lar legislation that fall within the Commit-tee’s Rule X jurisdiction. Finally, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I ask that you support my request to have the Committee represented on the conference committee. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest in the Congressional Record during House Floor consideration of the bill. I look forward to working with the Committee on Homeland Security as the bill moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, September 4, 2018. Hon. B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5869, the ‘‘Mari-time Border Security Review Act.’’ I appre-ciate your support in bringing this legisla-tion before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure will not seek a sequential referral on the bill, to the extent it may have a jurisdic-tional claim. The Committee on Homeland Security con-curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing a sequential referral of this bill, the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addi-tion, should a conference on this bill be nec-essary, I would support a request by the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure for conferees on those provisions determined to be within its jurisdiction. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5869, the Maritime Border Security Re-view Act. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5869 would require the Department of Homeland Security to conduct a threat analysis of the maritime border. The bill directs the threat analysis to identify terrorist and criminal elements looking to enter the U.S. through, or exploit vulnerabil-ities of, our maritime border. Further, H.R. 5869 directs DHS to identify im-provements to mitigate such threats. In carrying out this analysis, DHS is directed to look at vulnerabilities in law and policy that hinder border secu-rity and other criminal efforts along the maritime border. It is important to note that the bill limits the scope of the legal and policy analysis provisions to maritime security and, as such, has no relationship to the Jones Act. In the current climate where we have a President who repeatedly threatens to shut down the Federal Government if Congress fails to provide funding to build a wall along the southwest border that candidate Trump repeatedly told would be paid for by the Mexican Gov-ernment, it is easy to lose sight of the fact that border security concerns more than the U.S.-Mexico land border. I commend the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico for reminding us of the need to secure maritime borders and seaports. Cargo volume is up. In fiscal year 2017 alone, U.S. Customs and Border Protection processed $2.39 trillion in imports. This translates into our ports of entry processing more than 28.5 mil-lion in imported cargo containers. Seaports are critical infrastructure that drive our economy. As such, it is critical that DHS stay abreast of the maritime security threat picture. To that end, I support H.R. 5869, the Mari-time Border Security Review Act, and urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 6 minutes to the distinguished gentle-woman from Puerto Rico (Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N). Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congress-man K
ATKO for leading this effort today. I want to thank the chairman of the committee and Ranking Member T
HOMPSON for supporting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak on behalf of my bill, H.R. 5869, the Mari-time Border Security Review Act. As we move to secure our borders, it is imperative that we confront the threats posed by criminal and drug trafficking organizations seeking to enter the Nation through our maritime frontier. Illicit trafficking through the transit zone, a 7-million-square-mile area, includes the sea corridors of the western Atlantic Ocean, the Caribbean Sea, the Gulf of Mexico, and the east-ern Pacific Ocean. This is the transit zone. According to the Coast Guard, the total known flow of undocumented mi-grants attempting to enter the U.S. by maritime routes in 2017 was almost 4,800 individuals. The known cocaine flow throughout the transit zone reached about 2,700 metric tons in 2017. This bill also addresses the public safety challenges faced by Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, the only two U.S. territories located geographi-cally within the transit zone. The United States’ Caribbean border has long been exploited as both a des-tination and a transshipment point for illicit drugs shipped to the mainland, endangering the lives of Americans in the two territories, but also in the con-tinental U.S. About two-thirds of the cocaine transiting the Caribbean in early 2016 was destined for the U.S., most of it being smuggled through Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Is-lands. In 2017, U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection officers seized about 66,000 pounds of narcotics in and around Puerto Rico from drug cartels and smugglers. And let me tell you some-thing: The CBP, or the Customs and Border Patrol, is outside the mainland. So this is the only CBP office outside the mainland operating not just in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Is-lands, but our frontier with Venezuela and the whole Caribbean. The year 2017 was a record high for drug smugglers over the previous year. Last year’s devastating hurricane season disrupted interdiction efforts in the United States’ maritime border. According to the 2019 Threat Assess-ment from the Puerto Rico/U.S. Virgin Islands High Intensity Drug Traf-ficking Area, the damage inflicted by the storms severely diminished the operational capabilities of local and Federal law enforcement on both is-lands. The U.S. Coast Guard recently testi-fied before the U.S. Senate that re-sponding in force to the hurricanes meant fewer resources for drug inter-diction and border protection. They also admitted that, despite their best efforts, they have struggled to keep up with the volume of illicit traffic due to a shortage of planes, ships, helicopters, and resources, further highlighting the needs at our maritime border. H.R. 5869 would help us better under-stand these and other challenges the United States faces along its maritime border by requiring the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a de-tailed threat analysis of the region. These assessments must include the terrorism and criminal threats posed by those seeking to enter the U.S. throughout the maritime border; im-provements needed at all U.S. seaports to reduce criminal activity; and all vulnerabilities in law that prevent ef-fective border security, similar to those recently released in the Northern Border Threat Analysis of 2017 that were approved by the House of Rep-resentatives. The Secretary of Homeland Security must consider technology and per-sonnel needs, the role of State and local enforcement in border security activities, the geographic challenges of the region, and the impact of last year’s hurricanes on general border se-curity activities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04SE7.026 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7798 September 4, 2018 
Protecting and ensuring the safety of the American people both on the main-land and in the territories is very im-portant not just for me, but for all of us, and should be one of our priorities. An assessment of the threats posed at our Nation’s maritime border will help us achieve just that. The reason behind this bill is to promote that kind of analysis. I want to thank Chairman M
CCAUL, Ranking Member T
HOMPSON , and Con-gressmen K
ATKO and P ERRY for their leadership in assisting and moving for-ward this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5869. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I have no speakers on this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I will be prepared to close in a moment, but I do want to fol-low up on a couple of remarks from my colleague from Puerto Rico. I served there as a Federal organized crime prosecutor in the mid-1990s in San Juan, and during that time I saw firsthand how much of a vulnerability the maritime areas have of the United States in general, but Puerto Rico in particular. The HIDTA report, which refers to the high intensity drug trafficking re-port, talks about severely diminished capabilities for law enforcement post- hurricane. But that doesn’t begin to describe what really goes on down there. When I first walked into the U.S. At-torney’s Office in 1996 in Puerto Rico, there were about five or six major fast boats lined up in a parking lot that had been seized. They were seized because of large shipments of cocaine coming across the water directly from Colom-bia, which is only about 500 nautical miles away. These boats could go any-where within Puerto Rico. It doesn’t have to come to a port. It can pull up to shore anywhere and offload what-ever contraband they are trafficking. Certainly any one of those boats car-ried millions upon millions of dollars of poison that were going into drug users in this country, but they could easily be carrying terrorists. Once they get into Puerto Rico, you are in the United States. That is what people have to understand. Once you are in the United States, there is more cus-toms scrutiny. So getting it into Puerto Rico, St. Thomas, or the Virgin Islands, or other territories of the United States, and not knowing what those vulnerabilities are is a serious gap in our security in this Nation. We did a similar threat assessment of the northern border, and it was very il-luminating to see how much the north-ern border is wide open and how much of a threat it actually is. I would ven-ture to guess that what we will see from this report when it is issued is much more eye-opening. It is a vulner-ability in the world where people don’t want us to survive as a democracy and, instead, want to impose terroristic views on our society. It is incumbent we pass this bill to get the full scope of the extent of the threat. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in the current climate, it is easy to lose sight of the fact that border security encompasses land, air, and maritime borders. Maintaining sit-uational awareness along our maritime borders and in the transit zone can be a daunting task for the U.S. Coast Guard and Customs and Border Protec-tion, given the vastness of the mari-time domain. H.R. 5869 will position DHS to better understand what addi-tional resources are required to protect our maritime ports and borders. Given that the measures before us were authored by the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico, I would be remiss if I didn’t take this moment to acknowl-edge September 20 will mark a year since Hurricane Maria upended the lives of millions of Americans living in Puerto Rico. b1745 The death and destruction caused by this category 4 storm was compounded by the Trump administration’s flat- footed, weak, and slow response to the suffering. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a piece published by The New York Times this past weekend entitled ‘‘Don’t Give Trump a Pass on Puerto Rico.’’ 
[From the New York Times, Sept. 1, 2018] D
ON’TGIVETRUMP A PASS ON PUERTO RICO 
THE PRESIDENT THINKS THE GOVERNMENT DID A  
FANTASTIC JOB LAST YEAR HANDLING HURRI -
CANE MARIA . BUT THE REVISION OF THE  
DEATH TOLL , TO NEARLY 3 ,000 FROM 64 , SAYS  
DIFFERENT  (By Mekela Panditharatne) The wind and rain began lashing New Orle-ans in the early hours of Aug. 29, 2005, while President George W. Bush was on vacation at his ranch in Texas. As the levees buckled and water poured into the city, the federal gov-ernment tarried. Later, Hurricane Katrina’s long pall—the more than 1,800 related deaths, the devastation and the slow federal response—would come to haunt Mr. Bush’s presidency, cratering his approval rating. President Trump, who has overseen his own hurricane crisis after last year’s storms in Texas and Puerto Rico, has largely es-caped the presidency-defining censure that dogged Mr. Bush after Hurricane Katrina. Last week, Puerto Rico’s government in-creased the island’s official death toll, esti-mating that 2,975 people died as a result of the hurricane and its effects—up from the tally of just 64 that had been the official count until then. Nearly one year after the storm hit, we now know that Hurricane Maria may be among the deadliest natural disasters to occur in the United States in a century. So why the pass for President Trump? Mr. Trump’s scandal-plagued presidency has benefited from a deliberate pattern of di-version and the deep executive dysfunction he has created in the federal government. Under his tenure, the president has given the impression it is not the White House’s job to coordinate with federal agencies and that by extension, he does not own his agencies’ fail-ures. This shouldn’t stand. The scope of the administration’s neg-ligence is reflected in a report released by the Federal Emergency Management Agency in July. FEMA said the agency ‘‘had thou-sands fewer workers than it needed’’ and that many of those it had weren’t qualified to take on a catastrophe of this scale. The report also states that the agency took longer than expected to secure supplies and lost track of much of the aid it delivered. An investigation by Politico found that FEMA provided roughly a third of the meals, half as much water and a small fraction of tarps to Puerto Rico than it provided to Texas after Hurricane Harvey in the first nine days after the storm. Several weeks elapsed before FEMA and the Defense De-partment increased their presence on the is-land, even though airports and ports had re-opened after a few days. The agencies failed to direct the aircraft carrier U.S.S. Abraham Lincoln and other ships to Puerto Rico to aid with the response. Mr. Trump remained largely out of the picture. No president in recent memory has upend-ed internal executive branch norms so much. In immigration, military and other matters, major executive orders have been introduced by the Trump administration without con-sulting with his cabinet. Agency heads have been caught off guard when policies affecting them are put into motion. The robust inter-agency exchange that typically character-izes complex decisions has atrophied. All of this makes it easy for Mr. Trump to escape blame for his agencies’ missteps. But this isn’t normal. In an unwieldy bureauc-racy, pressure and high-level oversight from the White House ensure that disaster re-sponse does not fall by the wayside. Where agencies are ill-equipped to handle the on- the-ground devastation and local authorities cannot fill the void, presidential leadership assumes greater import. The Trump administration has addition-ally taken actions that may set back Puerto Rico’s recovery. The funding request the White House sent to Congress last November drew condemnation from both Republicans and Democrats for being too low. The admin-istration gave Puerto Rico little choice but to adopt an experimental funding formula to rebuild its public infrastructure. The for-mula gives Puerto Rico flexibility during the rebuilding process but requires the island to pay for any cost overruns, putting it at risk of being on the hook for costly receipts down the road. To make matters worse, last Thursday a federal judge ruled that Puerto Ricans who have been living in motels and hotels on the mainland as part of FEMA’s temporary housing aid after Hurricane Maria have to check out on Sept. 14, possibly ren-dering many of them homeless. Going forward, Mr. Trump must ensure that his agencies focus attention and re-sources on the resilient, sustainable rebuild-ing of the outdated power grid and on res-toration of the water infrastructure and health care system in Puerto Rico to but-tress the island against future disasters. If not, it’s up to us, as fellow Americans, to hold him to task. The image of Mr. Trump lobbing rolls of paper towels to a crowd last October in Puer-to Rico, arms arched, mimicking a basket-ball player, should rank high in the pan-theon of presidential slip-ups. It brings to mind another iconic image—Mr. Bush surveilling Hurricane Katrina’s wreckage in New Orleans, from Air Force One. Mr. Trump has defied many dogmas in politics. But the abnormal executive branch dynamics that he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04SE7.028 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7799 September 4, 2018 
has created should not absolve him from re-sponsibility for the grave humanitarian situ-ation in Puerto Rico. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to reclaim the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5869, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5869, the ‘‘Maritime Border Security Review Act,’’ which directs the Sec-retary of the Department of Homeland Security to submit a report on DHS’s maritime border threat analysis based on the work that the agency is doing to secure the border. During the markup of this legislation by the Committee on Homeland Security, a Jackson Lee amendment for this bill was adopted. This Jackson Lee Amendment requires a re-view of the metrics and performance param-eters used by the Department of Homeland Security to evaluate maritime security effec-tiveness. This amendment will provide a report on the data that is required by this bill’s report. The generation, collection, and use of data can create greater transparency on processes that can better inform our work on the Com-mittee. Reporting requirements are an important committee oversight tool that can provide rel-evant information on the programs and poli-cies authorized by Congress. The more important aspects of data collec-tion require that the information be relevant, accurate, and consistent. The private sector is making great strides in the use of data science and big data to better understand the past and present in order to make more informed decisions that will impact the future. Data collected and used for the purposes of this bill can support data analytics for Maritime Border Security. Data analytics is the process of examining data sets in order to draw conclusions about the information they contain, increasingly with the aid of specialized systems and software. Data analytics technologies and techniques are widely used in commercial industries to enable organizations to make more-informed business decisions and by scientists and re-searchers to verify or disprove scientific mod-els, theories and hypotheses. The Jackson Lee amendment supports data analytics for the maritime border threat anal-ysis the bill will provide to the committee. I urge my colleagues to vote for the pas-sage of H.R. 5869. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5869, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. FITNESS INFORMATION TRANSPARENCY ACT OF 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6374) to require the Department of Homeland Security to streamline Federal contractor fitness determina-tions, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 6374 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fitness Infor-mation Transparency Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘FIT Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REQUIREMENT TO STREAMLINE FITNESS DETERMINATIONS. 
(a) C ONSOLIDATION OF FITNESS STANDARDS .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Chief Security Of-ficer of the Department of Homeland Security, shall— (1) coordinate with the heads of components of the Department to review and consolidate all Federal contractor fitness standards used by the Department and its components in order to issue a uniform set of fitness standards that reflect public trust concerns which correspond to each position risk level; (2) require the Department and the heads of its components to use such uniform fitness standards that correspond to the relevant posi-tion risk level as the basis for fitness determina-tions for a contractor employee; and (3) publish such uniform fitness standards that correspond to each such position risk level on the public website of the Department and cause the same to be printed in the Federal Reg-ister. (b) D
EVIATION FROMUNIFORM FITNESS STAND -
ARDS.—The Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Chief Security Officer of the Department of Homeland Security, may author-ize the Department or a component of the De-partment to deviate from the uniform fitness standards issued pursuant to subsection (a) on a position-by-position basis if— (1) the Secretary publishes in writing on the public website of the Department and causes the same to be printed in the Federal Register a cer-tification that contains— (A) a determination that such uniform fitness standards are not sufficient to protect informa-tion, systems, or facilities of the Department the unauthorized disclosure of which or unauthor-ized access to which could reasonably be ex-pected to cause substantial damage to the integ-rity and efficiency of the Department; and (B) a description of approved additional fit-ness standards and a list to which positions such deviation applies; or (2) exigent circumstances created by a presi-dential declaration of a major disaster issued pursuant to section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170) require such deviation to miti-gate staffing shortages for the duration of such declaration. (c) R
ECIPROCITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chief Security Officer of the Department of Homeland Security shall im-plement a process to ensure fitness determina-tions made by the Department are uniformly ac-cepted throughout the Department and its com-ponents. (2) S
UFFICIENCY .—The Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Chief Security Of-ficer of the Department of Homeland Security, may, as appropriate, deem a favorably adju-dicated personnel security investigation suffi-cient to satisfy a requirement to complete a con-tractor fitness determination under this section. (d) FITNESS ADJUDICATION STATUS UPDATES .— Not later than one year after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Chief Security Of-ficer of the Department of Homeland Security and in coordination with heads of the compo-nents of the Department, shall implement a uni-form process to— (1) provide, not less frequently than monthly, contractor representatives certified pursuant to subsection (e)(1) access to information regarding the status of fitness determinations for Depart-ment contractor employees relevant to such con-tractor representatives; and (2) collect each fiscal quarter data to allow the Department and its components and con-tractor representatives to assess average fitness investigation, adjudication, and determination processing times for each component of the De-partment, including information regarding the parameters used to calculate each such average. (e) C
ERTIFICATION .—Before the implementa-tion of the uniform process described in sub-section (d), the Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Chief Security Officer of the Department of Homeland Security, shall— (1) certify that each contractor representative receiving information from such process has re-ceived information regarding practices relating to the adequate protection of personally identifi-able information and has acknowledged in writ-ing to adhere to such practices; and (2) consult with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management to ensure that such process is consistent with current best practices across the Federal Government. (f) A
PPLICABILITY OF SECTION 44936 OFTITLE 49, U
NITED STATES CODE.—No authority or pol-icy created by or issued pursuant to this section shall apply to employees or contractors of an air carrier, foreign air carrier, or airport operator subject to employment investigations pursuant to section 44936 of title 49, United States Code. (g) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the publication of uniform fitness standards described in subsection (a) and annu-ally thereafter for four years, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report containing— (1) the number of deviation requests under subsection (b) made to the Chief Security Officer of the Department of Homeland Security, in-cluding— (A) the number of deviation requests approved and the corresponding justification for each such deviation from such fitness standards; and (B) the number of deviation requests denied and the corresponding justification for each such denial; (2) information regarding the number and av-erage duration of Federal contractor fitness de-terminations for each component of the Depart-ment; (3) information regarding the use of programs or policies that allow contractors to begin work prior to the completion of a fitness determina-tion; (4) to the extent practicable, the number of in-dividuals who, during the preceding calendar year, received an unfavorable fitness determina-tion from the Department by reason of an affili-ation with or membership in an organization dedicated to terrorism; (5) to the extent practicable, the number of in-dividuals who, during the preceding calendar year, received a favorable fitness determination from the Department despite an affiliation with or membership in an organization dedicated to terrorism; (6) information regarding the degree to which fitness determinations made by the Department and its components or other Federal agencies 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Dec 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\RECORD18\SEPTEMBER\H04SE8.REC H04SE8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7800 September 4, 2018 
are recognized on a reciprocal basis by the De-partment and its components pursuant to sub-section (c)(1); (7) information regarding the degree to which suitability and fitness determinations for Fed-eral applicants and appointees made by the De-partment and its components or other Federal agencies are recognized on a reciprocal basis by the Department and its components; and (8) information regarding the degree to which the Secretary, acting through the Chief Security Officer of the Department, uses the authority under subsection (c)(2). (h) S
UITABILITY STATUS UPDATES .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Security Officer of the De-partment of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Chief Human Capital Officer of the De-partment, shall develop a plan to provide Fed-eral applicants and appointees with suitability and fitness determination status updates similar to updates provided to contractor representa-tives under subsection (d). (i) E
XIGENT CIRCUMSTANCES FITNESS DETER-
MINATION REVIEW .—The Chief Security Officer of the Department of Homeland Security may conduct an immediate review of a contractor employee’s fitness determination when a con-tractor employee has engaged in violent acts against individuals, property, or public spaces based on the contractor employee’s association with persons or organizations that advocate, threaten, or use force or violence, or any other illegal or unconstitutional means, in an effort to prevent others from exercising their rights under the Constitution or laws of the United States or of any State, based on factors including, at a minimum, race, religion, national origin, or dis-ability. (j) N
OADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED .—No additional funds are authorized to be appro-priated to carry out this Act. This Act shall be carried out using amounts otherwise appro-priated. (k) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
ONTRACTOR .—The term ‘‘contractor’’ has the meaning given such term in section 7101 of title 41, United States Code. (2) C
ONTRACTOR EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘‘con-tractor employee’’ means an individual who per-forms work for or on behalf of any Federal agency under a contract and who, in order to perform the work specified under such contract, will require access to facilities, information, in-formation technology systems, staff, or other as-sets of the Department of Homeland Security, and who could, by the nature of the access or duties of such individual, adversely affect the integrity or efficiency of the Department. Such contracts include the following: (A) Personal services contracts. (B) Contracts between any non-Federal entity and the Department. (C) Sub-contracts between any non-Federal entity and another non-Federal entity to per-form work related to the primary contract with the Department. (3) C
ONTRACTOR REPRESENTATIVE .—The term ‘‘contractor representative’’ means a person em-ployed by a contractor who is designated in writing by an authorized official of a contractor as responsible for managing and communicating with the Department of Homeland Security or its components on behalf of such contractor on matters relating to fitness determinations, and is certified pursuant to subsection (e)(1) regarding the adequate protection of personally identifi-able information. (4) E
XCEPTED SERVICE .—The term ‘‘excepted service’’ has the meaning given such term in sec-tion 2103 of title 5, United States Code. (5) F
ITNESS .—The term ‘‘fitness’’ means the level of character and conduct necessary for an individual to perform work for or on behalf of a Federal agency in the excepted service, other than a position subject to a suitability deter-mination or as a nonappropriated fund instru-mentality employee. (6) FITNESS DETERMINATION .—The term ‘‘fit-ness determination’’ means a decision by a Fed-eral agency that an individual does or does not have the required level of character and conduct necessary to perform work for or on behalf of a Federal agency in the excepted service, other than a position subject to a suitability deter-mination, as a contractor employee, or as a non-appropriated fund instrumentality employee. (7) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘‘in-formation technology’’ has the meaning given such term in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code. (8) N
ONAPPROPRIATED FUND INSTRUMENTALITY  
EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘‘nonappropriated fund instrumentality employee’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1587(a)(1) of title 10, United States Code. (9) P
ERSONNEL SECURITY INVESTIGATION .—The term ‘‘personnel security investigation’’ has the meaning given such term in subsection (a) of section 3001 of the Intelligence Reform and Ter-rorism Prevention Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 3341). (10) S
UITABILITY DETERMINATION .—The term ‘‘suitability determination’’ has the meaning given such term in section 731.101 of title 5, Code of Federal Regulations. (11) T
ERRORISM .—The term ‘‘terrorism’’ means any criminal acts that involve violence or are dangerous to human life and appear to be in-tended to intimidate or coerce a civilian popu-lation to influence the policy of a government by intimidation or coercion, or to affect the con-duct of a government by mass destruction, as-sassination, or kidnapping. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) and the gentle-woman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON  C
OLEMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 6374, the Fitness Infor-mation Transparency Act of 2018, oth-erwise known as the FIT Act. This leg-islation seeks to improve how the De-partment of Homeland Security vets the character and conduct of con-tractor employees, known as a fitness determination. Homeland Security relies on thou-sands of contractor employees every day to achieve its missions. From IT work to construction and janitorial services, Homeland Security and con-tractor employees work hand in hand to secure our Nation. With the depart-ment’s unique mission of protecting the homeland, it is vital that everyone working for Homeland Security, be it a Federal employee or a contractor em-ployee, is appropriately vetted to en-sure that he or she will uphold the in-tegrity of the department. However, Homeland Security’s fitness deter-mination process is bureaucratic in the worst ways: inefficient, inconsistent, and lacking transparency. Currently, the Office of Personnel Management sets minimum fitness standards for all Federal contractors. However, each Homeland Security component can apply the criteria dif-ferently, creating disparate standards across the department. For example, a contractor employee who has been deemed fit to work for the Federal Emergency Management Agency, or FEMA, may not automatically be deemed fit to work for Customs and Border Protection. Many contract personnel support a variety of Homeland Security compo-nents and may be required to receive separate fitness determinations from each component, creating duplicity and inefficiency. Such inefficiency not only delays the time a contractor em-ployee can start providing necessary services to Homeland Security, but be-cause the contracting company builds the lag time into the bid price, this process also increases the cost to Homeland Security and, ultimately, to the United States taxpayers. This legislation will require Home-land Security to consolidate its vary-ing fitness standards by creating uni-form fitness requirements for each po-sition risk level. By doing so, Home-land Security will achieve department- wide uniformity and reciprocity of fit-ness standards, therefore eliminating the need for one contractor to undergo multiple fitness investigations. The FIT Act also reduces bureau-cratic redundancies by allowing, when appropriate, the Secretary of Home-land Security to deem someone who possesses a security clearance to also be considered fit to work for Homeland Security. Moreover, this legislation increases transparency into the fitness deter-mination process by requiring Home-land Security to publish the uniform fitness standards, provide monthly sta-tus updates to contractor representa-tives, and report certain information to Congress. It is important that Homeland Secu-rity vet each and every contractor em-ployee prior to working for the depart-ment. The FIT Act provides Homeland Security the flexibility it needs to vet contract workers for its diverse mis-sions, while also making the process to do so more efficient and more trans-parent. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to join me in supporting H.R. 6374, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6374, the Fitness Information Trans-parency Act of 2018. H.R. 6374 would re-quire the Department of Homeland Se-curity to issue uniform standards to vet Federal contractors seeking to work for the department. Currently, there is no standard for vetting contractors to determine their fitness to access DHS facilities, IT sys-tems, and sensitive information. Each 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04SE7.021 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7801 September 4, 2018 
component has different standards, dif-ferent procedures, and different adju-dicators for contractor fitness. Lack of a department-wide uniform standard hinders reciprocity across the depart-ment. As a result, the committee has received testimony that contractors who work for multiple DHS compo-nents are investigated over and over and over again. What a waste of time and resources. Today, DHS contractors routinely wait 3 to 4 months, if not longer, to be investigated, regardless of whether they have already been determined to be fit by another DHS component. This wait time is costly for not only the contractor, but it also hinders the abil-ity of the Department of Homeland Se-curity to execute its mission. Today, neither the contractor nor their employer is regularly informed of the status of their investigation. En-actment of H.R. 6374 would help ensure that Federal contractor firms can ac-cess timely information regarding the status of their employees’ fitness in-vestigations. Thanks to language that was au-thored by Representative C
ORREA and accepted in committee, H.R. 6374 also recognizes that weaknesses in DHS fit-ness processes not only undermine the onboarding of Federal contractors in a timely way but also the onboarding of new DHS employees. Representative C
ORREA ’s amendment would require the department to take steps to improve the suitability deter-mination process for Federal appli-cants and appointees and to report on the degree to which components and of-fices are granting reciprocity to indi-viduals who are employed by other components or offices within the DHS. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support this measure. H.R. 6374 improves the Department of Home-land Security’s contractor investiga-tion process by requiring a uniform set of standards, encouraging reciprocity among components, and enhancing communication between the depart-ment and the private sector. It is our duty as Members of Congress to ensure processes are followed and that such processes are effective and efficient. H.R. 6374 seeks to do just that. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support H.R. 6374, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I echo the sentiments of my good friend and col-league from New Jersey. I once again urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6374, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6374, the ‘‘Fitness Information Transparency Act of 2018,’’ or the ‘‘FIT Act,’’ which will streamline federal contractor fitness determinations for receiving and maintaining contract awards for the Department of Home-land Security. This bill will standardize the fitness stand-ards for contractors for the Department of Homeland Security that reflect employability standards to ensure contractors meet public trust obligations relating to the work they will do on behalf of the American people. During the Homeland Security Committee markup of H.R. 6374, an amendment I offered was adopted. The Jackson Lee Amendment improves the FIT Act by establishing an ‘‘Exigent Cir-cumstances Fitness Determination Review’’ process. The Jackson Lee Amendment provides that ‘‘The Chief Security Officer may conduct an immediate review of a contractor employee’s fitness determination when a contractor em-ployee has engaged in violent acts against in-dividuals, property, or public spaces based on the contractor employee’s association with persons or organizations that advocate, threat-en, or use force or violence, or any other ille-gal or unconstitutional means, in an effort to prevent others from exercising their rights under the Constitution or laws of the United States or of any State, based on factors in-cluding, at a minimum, race, religion, national origin, or disability.’’ In July 2018, news reports surfaced that Northrup Grumman had business with a gov-ernment contractor who employed Michael Miselis, an active member of the California- based Rise Above Movement (RAM), a well- known violent white supremacist group. RAM’s membership has deep roots in Cali-fornia’s racist skinhead movement and the vio-lence of RAM members has been a hallmark of the group and its members. The Anti-Defamation League describes RAM as a white supremacist group whose members believe they are fighting against a ‘‘modern world’’ corrupted by the ‘‘destructive cultural influences’’ of liberals, Jews, Muslims and non-white immigrants. RAM members consider themselves to be part of the ‘‘Alt Right’’ and operates like a street-fighting club. RAM members actively train to do physical battle with their ideological foes, and have been involved in violent clashes during polit-ical rallies and demonstrations. Mr. Miselis had a security clearance and worked for Northrup Grumman, a major de-fense contractor, at the time he engaged in physical violence against persons protesting racism and white supremacy in Charlottesville, Virginia. In May 2018, Northrup Grumman was in-formed of Mr. Miselis’ membership in RAM and the violent assaults he initiated while he was in Charlottesville participating in activities in support of white supremacy, which were captured on video and in photos. Mr. Miselis worked for a government con-tractor and held a security clearance author-izing him to work on projects that were of vital interest to our nation and its defense. Northrup Grumman did not dismiss him until the story broke earlier this month with media reports on the violence Mr. Miselis engaged in at the white supremacists’ rally held in Char-lottesville, Virginia. Mr. Speaker, the United States is a nation of laws, which gives us the freedom to agree, and most importantly disagree, with not only each other, but with our government. But the limitations on the right to express political views was best described by Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr., who said: ‘‘The right to swing my fist ends where the other man’s nose begins.’’ There is a limit to the expression of free speech and the freedom to assemble and that limit is violence. The awarding of security clearances to con-tractors must be better managed and the con-sequences for involvement in activities that would be cause for dismissal from the armed services or any federal agency should not go unnoticed. The Jackson Lee Amendment makes the clear statement to DHS contractors that the awarding of contracts that involve the security of our nation should not be taken lightly and that the allocation of federal funds to contrac-tors who employ persons who advocate or participate in acts against persons on account of their race, creed, religious beliefs, or gender who engage in constitutionally protected activi-ties will not be tolerated. For these reasons, I support H.R. 6374 and urge my colleagues to support this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6374, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-CURITY CHIEF DATA OFFICER AUTHORIZATION ACT Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6447) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to establish the posi-tion of Chief Data Officer of the De-partment of Homeland Security, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6447 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Chief Data Officer Author-ization Act’’. 
SEC. 2. CHIEF DATA OFFICER OF THE DEPART-MENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
Section 703 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 343) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) C
HIEF DATAOFFICER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in consulta-tion with the Chief Information Officer, shall designate a career appointee (as such term is de-fined in section 3132 of title 5, United States Code) of the Department as the Chief Data Offi-cer of the Department. ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The Chief Data Officer shall possess demonstrated training and experi-ence in the management, governance, genera-tion, collection, protection, analysis, use, and sharing of data, including the protection and de-identification of personally identifiable infor-mation. ‘‘(3) F
UNCTIONS .—The Chief Data Officer shall be responsible for the following: ‘‘(A) Ensuring that the Department conforms with data management best practices recognized across industry and the Federal Government. ‘‘(B) Coordinating the organization and inte-gration of data across the Department for im-proved interoperability, analysis, and decision- making. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K04SE7.033 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7802 September 4, 2018 
‘‘(C) Reviewing the impact of the infrastruc-ture of the Department regarding data integrity and interoperability. ‘‘(D) Coordinating the release of data for pub-lic use following appropriate privacy reviews within the Department, as coordinated with the Chief Privacy Officer. ‘‘(E) Promoting the use of modern data sys-tems to improve Department operations. ‘‘(F) Coordinating the storage of Department records in accordance with the National Ar-chives and Records Administration’s General Records Schedules. ‘‘(G) Overseeing, in coordination with the Chief Privacy Officer of the Department, as ap-propriate, the Department’s compliance with the following responsibilities: ‘‘(i) Issuing guidelines ensuring and maxi-mizing the quality, objectivity, utility and integ-rity of information (including statistical infor-mation). ‘‘(ii) Establishing administrative mechanisms that allow affected persons to seek and obtain correction of information maintained and dis-seminated by relevant components of the De-partment that does not comply with the Depart-ment’s guidelines. ‘‘(iii) Reporting to the Director of the Office of Management and Budget about the number and nature of complaints received by relevant com-ponents of the Department regarding the accu-racy of information disseminated and how such complaints were handled by such components. ‘‘(H) Coordinating with appropriate officials of the Department, including the Chief Privacy Officer, component privacy officers, component Chief Data Officers, and program managers, re-garding the use of data within their respective components and under their authorities. ‘‘(I) Serving as the liaison to other Federal agencies and the Office of Management and Budget on data and the best way to use existing Department data for statistical purposes. ‘‘(4) C
OMPONENT CHIEF DATA OFFICERS .—The heads of each operational component of the De-partment, in consultation with the Chief Data Officer of the Department and the Chief Infor-mation Officer of such component, shall des-ignate a career appointee (as such term is de-fined in section 3132 of title 5, United States Code) from each such component of the Depart-ment as the Chief Data Officer of their respec-tive component. Each such component Chief Data Officer shall— ‘‘(A) have the qualifications described under subsection (c)(2); and ‘‘(B) coordinate with and assist the Chief Data Officer of the Department in the imple-mentation of the functions specified in subpara-graphs (A) through (F) of paragraph (3) for their respective component. ‘‘(5) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this subsection and periodically thereafter as necessary, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Home-land Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the implementation of this subsection, including any concerns regarding such implementation.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) and the gentle-woman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON  C
OLEMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 6447, the Department of Home-land Security Chief Data Officer Au-thorization Act, sponsored by my col-league, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CARTER ). In today’s data-driven world, organi-zations like the Department of Home-land Security generate, collect, and maintain enormous quantities of data in carrying out their day-to-day oper-ations. Unfortunately, data continues to be underutilized as an asset by orga-nizations, especially in the Federal Government, largely as a result of poor internal data management and govern-ance practices. To address these shortcomings, the private sector and Federal, State, and local entities have increasingly begun appointing the position of chief data officer to their management teams. Such a position would work to improve data management and governance at an organization in order to format data for better analysis and use. The work conducted by chief data of-ficers can help organizations achieve operational efficiencies, improve policy insight and decisionmaking, achieve data interoperability across legacy IT systems, and increase transparency. To date, several entities within Homeland Security, including Immi-grations and Customs Enforcement, have designated chief data officers. Recognizing this growing trend, H.R. 6447 authorizes the Secretary of Home-land Security, in consultation with Homeland Security’s chief information officer, to designate a Homeland Secu-rity-wide chief data officer. The chief data officer is tasked with overseeing policies to manage, orga-nize, and format Homeland Security data in order to better carry out data analysis for use in departmental oper-ations. Additionally, H.R. 6447 requires the heads of all Homeland Security oper-ational components, in consultation with the chief data officer and compo-nent chief information officers, to ap-point component-level chief data offi-cers. Homeland Security is charged with the responsibility of keeping our home-land and its citizens safe. As such, it is imperative that Homeland Security possess the capability and capacity and tools to make informed decisions in to-day’s rapidly evolving threat environ-ment. The appointment of chief data officers at the department and its com-ponents is integral to providing Home-land Security with the tools to make data-driven decisions in the 21st cen-tury. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6447, the Department of Homeland Se-curity Chief Data Officer Authorization Act. H.R. 6447 would require the De-partment of Homeland Security to des-ignate a chief data officer for the de-partment. This official would be re-sponsible for coordinating the organi-zation and integration of data across the department for improved analysis and decisionmaking. DHS generates, collects, and main-tains vast quantities of data, but has difficulty uniformly analyzing it be-cause of its inconsistencies in how data is collected and maintained throughout the department. b1800 The chief data officer would serve as the lead official for coordinating inter-nal data processes to achieve data and interoperability across DHS systems. Importantly, H.R. 6447 includes lan-guage authored by the Representative from Florida (Mrs. D
EMINGS ) to dele-gate responsibility for overseeing the Data Quality Act to the chief data offi-cer. Under the Data Quality Act, Federal agencies are required to issue guide-lines to maximize the quality, objec-tivity, utility, and integrity of infor-mation, including statistical informa-tion they disseminate. Additionally, the law requires agencies to establish mechanisms for persons to correct data that does not comply with guidelines. At this time, when truth is under as-sault, it is critical that there be vigi-lant watchdogs to help ensure that in-formation provided by the Department of Homeland Security is accurate. With that, I encourage my colleagues to sup-port this measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding. I rise today on behalf of H.R. 6447, the Chief Data Officer Authorization Act. This bill designates the chief data offi-cer to increase transparency and to en-sure best practices are implemented throughout the DHS. My bill is the cul-mination of listening to my constitu-ents and DHS employees along the bor-der regarding transparency, commu-nication, and oversight issues at the Department of Homeland Security. Every day 240,000 employees at DHS go to work to ensure the security of our Nation. Many of these men and women are under intense pressure to identify efficiencies and do more with less. This bill answers their request for help in managing and sharing informa-tion to protect the homeland. I have also heard from my constitu-ents who are concerned about govern-ment transparency. I truly understand the need to keep the public informed on how their government is working for them. This bill is in answer to those concerns. This bill also ensures Members of Congress receive the answers and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04SE7.024 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7803 September 4, 2018 
data they need to effectively perform our constitutional oversight respon-sibilities. I echo the sentiments of many of my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation. Today is a big step forward for the American people. This bill ensures DHS does not fall behind other government agencies as we increase transparency for those we serve. I urge my colleagues to support the passage of this bill. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I have no speakers on this bill, and I am prepared to close. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers. If the gentlewoman from New Jersey has no other speak-ers, I am prepared to close once she does. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I am delighted to be here with my friend, Mr. K
ATKO , and I am pre-pared to close. Mr. Speaker, enactment of H.R. 6447 would help improve DHS’ ability to in-tegrate and analyze data and ensure the reliability of the data it dissemi-nates. Further, it would help ensure that Congress is provided timely and accu-rate data to facilitate effective over-sight. As such, I encourage my col-leagues to support H.R. 6447. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I agree with my colleague and friend from New Jersey. It is always a pleasure to work on bills with her because there is al-ways very good bipartisan spirit. I think that is something that is lost often in this Chamber. I am happy to support this bill. It is commonsense legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6447, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT CONFEREES ON H.R. 6157, DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1 of rule XXII and by direction of the Committee on Appropriations, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Cole moves that the House take from the Speaker’s table the bill, H.R. 6157, with the Senate amendment thereto, disagree to the Senate amendment, and request a con-ference with the Senate thereon. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, this is a nec-essary step to continue to move the fis-cal year 2019 appropriations process forward under regular order. On June 28, the House passed H.R. 6157, the FY 2019 Defense Appropria-tions bill by a vote of 359–49. The Sen-ate took up that bill and added the Labor-HHS Appropriations bill and has now sent H.R. 6157 back to the House. With the appointment of these con-ferees, the House and the Senate may begin to resolve the differences with the goal of passing H.R. 6157 before the end of the fiscal year. As such, I strongly support this motion. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the motion. The previous question was ordered. The motion was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to instruct at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion. The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. DeLauro moves that the managers on the part of the House at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the Senate amendment to the bill H.R. 6157 be instructed to agree to division B (relating to appropriations for Labor, Education, and Health and Human services) of the matter proposed to be added by the Senate amend-ment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 7 of rule XXII, the gentle-woman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ) and the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. C
OLE) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Connecticut. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Connecticut? There was no objection. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we have unfortunate circumstances. We do not have a bill that the majority has brought up for consideration, the Labor-HHS appro-priations bill, as I believe it is our duty. I will remind everyone that this bill was twice delayed in the markup for Labor-HHS, so we are trying to make the best of a bad situation. Meanwhile, the Senate has passed a Labor-HHS-Education bill. The Senate bill is not perfect. In fact, there is much to improve, but it provides a foundation for conference negotiations between the House and the Senate. The House bill, unfortunately, de-spite an increase of $18 billion in non-defense spending, the House Labor- HHS-Education bill is held to level funding. Out of a total increase of $18 billion, the Labor-HHS-Education bill should receive an increase of about $5.5 billion, and yet we received a zero in-crease, and Chairman COLEhas heard me say this over and over and over again. This allocation means that the House bill includes no new investments in the Child Care and Development Block Grant, nor new funding to help stu-dents afford a postsecondary education. The House bill also eliminates funding for family planning and teen pregnancy prevention programs, as well as health and safety grants. It even cuts funding for community health centers by $100 million, and the list goes on. In addition, the House Labor-HHS- Education bill is loaded with ideolog-ical poison pill riders, including riders to block funding for the Affordable Care Act, block funding for family planning, block funding for Planned Parenthood clinics, and it adds new riders to protect Monsanto and to allow religious discrimination in child welfare services. However, there is one crucially im-portant issue that is addressed in the House bill that must be included in the final conference report. That is the President’s manufactured crisis at the border. I speak, of course, of family separation, which has inflicted terrible trauma on children, their parents, grandparents, siblings, aunts, and un-cles. The administration’s policy of sepa-rating families is child abuse. Experts have sounded the alarm on the lasting damage that we are doing to these chil-dren. Parents are the buffer. With them, the children can endure incred-ibly stressful circumstances. Without them, the children are at risk of last-ing mental and physical damage, and they are suffering these wounds at our hands. Now, months and months later, ap-proximately 500 children who were sep-arated from their families remain in HHS custody. For most of these chil-dren, their parents were deported, and HHS has been unable to reunify these families, and unfathomably, may never be able to reunify them. The administration has tried to pass off responsibility of reunifying these families to third parties like non-profits. It is unconscionable. In the House bill, Democrats advanced the first congressional action to address this manufactured crisis. The full com-mittee, I might add, on a bipartisan basis, adopted 12 amendments. These amendments must be retained in the final conference report. These amendments, to discuss them very briefly, did a number of things. They expressed the sense of Congress that families should not be separated and that families should be reunited immediately. They required HHS to provide Congress a plan for swift reuni-fication, to provide regular reporting, and to ensure the agency and its part-ners are upholding the highest stand-ards with regards to care and privacy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04SE7.037 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7804 September 4, 2018 
Family separation is not the only crucial element of the conference com-mittees. Student safety must also be paramount, and thus, it is also impor-tant to address the issue of guns in our schools. Arming teachers is not the answer to school shootings, and it is outrageous that Secretary DeVos would even con-sider using taxpayer dollars on such a dangerous proposal. If the Trump administration actually wants to keep students safe, it should allow the Federal Commission on School Safety to consider the role guns play in school violence, support fund-ing for gun violence prevention re-search at the CDC, and fully fund the Student Support and Academic Enrich-ment Program to provide more mental health services and bullying prevention programs in our schools. The Secretary has said she has no in-tention of weighing in on whether funds can be used or cannot be used to arm teachers. However, she should say that this money is not there for guns in the classrooms. In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, we must make the best of a bad situation. Re-publicans are not operating under reg-ular order and abdicating our responsi-bility as the House of Representatives. Yet, as we proceed, we need to ensure that we advance the best policy under the circumstances. I believe that we should have had the House Labor-HHS bill come before the floor of the House. I urge my colleagues on the con-ference committee to keep these prior-ities in mind as they work toward a final bill. The American people deserve nothing less. They are already getting too little. Let us not forget that our obligation and duty is to give people a better chance at a better life. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1815 Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to instruct conferees. As the House and Senate come together to find a path forward on funding the Fed-eral Government, we will, no doubt, be faced with tough choices and fierce dis-agreements. But we agree that these two bills, funding the Department of Defense and funding the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, are two of the most im-portant bills that we handle and, frankly, the two largest as well. They deserve thorough consideration and fair discussion amongst the conferees. We are all committed to getting this done and getting this done right. As we are currently doing with our first pack-age of appropriations bills, this con-ference committee will negotiate fairly and respectfully to reach a final agree-ment on funding these critical Defense and Labor-HHS programs. I want to remind the body that, of course, we have done this before. We have begun in different places, and, to my friend’s credit, we have worked to-gether, have found common ground three times in a row, and have been able to support the final bill. It cer-tainly would be my hope that we are able to do that again. So I just want people in the con-ference committee to feel free to bring up any topics that they think are im-portant, and that we have a free and full discussion, and, hopefully, work ourselves to a resolution. I urge my colleagues to reject the motion to instruct conferees, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ), the ranking mem-ber of the Committee on Appropria-tions. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the motion to instruct con-ferees to reject the right-wing House Labor-HHS-Education appropriations bill and, instead, support the Senate’s bipartisan compromise. The Labor-HHS-Education bill funds some of the most important priorities for our country. It helps meet the needs of Americans at every stage of their lives. With this legislation, Con-gress funds childcare programs, Head Start, Pell Grants, job training, com-munity health centers, NIH research, Social Security, Meals on Wheels. Yet, instead of robustly supporting these priorities, House Republicans have shortchanged all of these critical en-deavors. Despite an $18 billion overall increase in the budget cap for nondefense discre-tionary spending, the House’s fiscal year 2019 Labor-HHS-Education appro-priations bill does not include a single dime of additional funding. House Republicans have found $5 bil-lion to pay for President Trump’s wasteful border wall, yet they appar-ently cannot allocate anything to strengthen America’s schools; help families afford college; ensure work-place safety; or expand quality, afford-able healthcare. In fact, the policy provisions in the bill directly attack many of these pri-orities. Their riders sabotage the Af-fordable Care Act, threatening the health of tens of millions of Americans with preexisting conditions, and in-creasing costs for American families. This Republican bill undermines women’s healthcare by eliminating Title X family planning, prohibits mil-lions of women from choosing Planned Parenthood as their preferred healthcare provider, and attacks the dignity of LGBT families. The American people, my friends, de-serve better than this partisan bill. The Senate has done good work, bipar-tisan work, to provide additional re-sources for the Labor-HHS-Education bill, while avoiding the kinds of right- wing riders that make the House bill completely unacceptable. I urge my colleagues to vote for this motion. Reject House Republicans’ misplaced priorities and extreme at-tacks on American families. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. S
COTT), the ranking member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the motion to in-struct, but also to call for the inclusion of one specific improvement to the Labor-HHS appropriations bill that makes it clear that taxpayer money cannot be spent to arm teachers. Two weeks ago, news reports re-vealed the Department of Education was considering allowing States to use Federal education funding to purchase firearms and firearms training for teachers. The Department has since confirmed those reports. Last week, I was joined by 172 Mem-bers of the House to call on Secretary DeVos to issue formal guidance prohib-iting the use of taxpayer money to put guns in classrooms. In response, the Secretary said she has no intention of taking any action on this issue. In refusing to act, the Secretary is setting a new and dangerous policy. That is, the Secretary is allowing fund-ing provided under Title IV-A of the Every Student Succeeds Act to be used to arm teachers. This move by the Sec-retary is unprecedented, as Federal funding has never been allowed for this purpose. Secretary DeVos has pointed the fin-ger at Congress and expressly called on us to clarify our intent, but congres-sional intent is already clear. Under the law, the Student Support and Aca-demic Enrichment Grant Program au-thorized under Title IV-A affords local leaders the flexibility to tailor invest-ments to meet local needs. It was de-signed to support a wide range of pro-grams to help schools create a better learning environment by expanding students’ access to important services like mental healthcare, art, and STEM classes, and new technology that better prepares students for the future. However, when writing and enacting the law, Congress never contemplated such flexibility allowing the purchase of firearms. In fact, Congress de-nounced the presence of firearms in schools in a section in ESEA that pro-motes programs that foster ‘‘the cre-ation and maintenance of a school en-vironment free of weapons.’’ Mr. Speaker, Congress’ opposition to taxpayer-funded guns in schools was reiterated in the STOP School Vio-lence Act, which the House passed last March in the aftermath of the Park-land, Florida, shooting. This legisla-tion, which passed 407–10, explicitly prohibits the program funds from being used for the purchase of firearms or firearms training. Even the Depart-ment of Homeland Security under Sec-retary Nielsen has acted through exec-utive authority to prohibit grant funds specifically intended for school secu-rity from being used to purchase guns. Secretary DeVos has both the au-thority and the responsibility to follow legal precedent, congressional intent, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04SE7.040 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7805 September 4, 2018 
as well as common sense about gun vio-lence by prohibiting taxpayer-funded guns in schools. But seeing as the Sec-retary is shirking that responsibility, Congress must take immediate action to protect students and teachers from a policy that will recklessly endanger students and teachers. The final version of the Labor-HHS appropriations bill must make clear that no taxpayer money can be used to arm teachers. This has not been a par-tisan issue in the past and should not be a partisan issue today. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I am pre-pared to close if my friend is prepared to close. Ms. D
ELAURO. It is my under-standing, Mr. Speaker, that the gen-tleman needs to yield back, and then I close. Mr. COLE. Correct. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the bal-ance of my time. I want to begin by thanking my friends. They always bring interesting points to the floor, particularly the ranking member of the full committee, but also my friend Mr. S
COTT. I just want to assure them that, when we sit down to bargain, we will bargain in good faith, and all these things will— and I think appropriately should be— on the table and open for a fair discus-sion. I do point out to the body that, frankly, when we have done this before, we have been able to find common ground and been able to arrive at a final solution that had substantial bi-partisan support for the last 3 years. I am confident that we can do that again this year and, frankly, it is very much my hope that we can do it before the end of the fiscal year. I think that is important that the do-mestic programs that we fund in the Labor-HHS bill, which my friend, the ranking member of the subcommittee, so ably advances and defends, that we do that without having a continuing resolution, something that interrupts the progress. That is even more impor-tant in the area of defense, that we avoid a continuing resolution. So I think there will be considerable goodwill on both sides and a consider-able effort to come together in com-mon ground. Having said that, I continue to op-pose instructions to the committee be-cause the conferees have proven before they can work together to produce a product. It is my hope that we will be able to do that. So I urge the body to reject the effort to instruct the conferees, and I invite my friends, as I know they will, to sit down in good faith to work with us to arrive at a bill that both sides of the rotunda and both parties can support in substantial numbers. I look forward to that process with my good friend the ranking member from Connecticut and, obviously, with my good friend the full committee ranking member as well. I have every confidence that, working together in good faith, as we have in the past, we will get to a place that we both can be pleased with, if not perfectly satisfied with. Mr. Speaker, I urge rejection of the instruction, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. In closing, let me again urge the House conferees to look at the Senate Labor-HHS bill as a base for improve-ment, and I mean seriously to improve it. I ask them again to please pay close attention to the priorities that we have outlined here today. The work of the Labor-HHS bill has always reflected our priorities as a Nation, helping to provide services that meet our most basic needs, our health, our children’s education, and the scientific research that uncovers the cures of tomorrow. These are challenges that only the Fed-eral Government has the ability, the capacity, and the resources to help us meet. The central problem of the House bill is that it fails to meet that threshold. The American people are tired of Con-gress spending trillions in tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans while telling families and working people that we simply do not have the resources to in-vest in things that impact their daily lives. We can make those investments, but only if we make them a priority. I want to say to the chairman of the subcommittee, to Mr. C
OLE, that we have been able to bargain in good faith over the last several years, and that ought to be our goal in this effort, so that we can meet the mission of what this Labor-HHS bill has at its core. It is about the people of this country and meeting their needs. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ARTON ). All time for debate has ex-pired. Without objection, the previous ques-tion is ordered. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to instruct. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on the motion to instruct will be followed by a 5-minute vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 6439. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 171, nays 221, not voting 36, as follows: 
[Roll No. 380] YEAS—171 
Adams Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Nolan Norcross O’Halleran Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth NAYS—221 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04SE7.042 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7806 September 4, 2018 
Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—36 
Aguilar Blackburn Brady (PA) Capuano Castor (FL) Culberson DeSantis Ellison Eshoo Gallego Gosar Gowdy Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hunter Jenkins (WV) Jones Keating Kennedy Maloney, Sean McNerney Neal O’Rourke Palazzo Poe (TX) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Rush Speier Swalwell (CA) Tipton Titus Tsongas Walz Wilson (FL) 
b1853 Messrs. COLLINS of New York, BYRNE, GUTHRIE, COLLINS of Geor-gia, MULLIN, HUDSON, NEWHOUSE, ABRAHAM, Mrs. BLACK, Messrs. ALLEN, LUETKEMEYER, WESTERMAN, MEADOWS, SESSIONS, KING of New York, SCALISE, SMITH of New Jersey, MARCHANT, and LOUDERMILK changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Ms. LEE changed her vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to instruct was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
BIOMETRIC IDENTIFICATION TRANSNATIONAL MIGRATION ALERT PROGRAM AUTHORIZA-TION ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6439) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish in the Department of Homeland Security the Biometric Identification Transnational Migration Alert Program, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 272, nays 119, not voting 37, as follows: [Roll No. 381] YEAS—272 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blunt Rochester Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carbajal Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney Denham DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta Lawson (FL) Lesko Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palmer Panetta Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poliquin Posey Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Scalise Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—119 
Adams Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Butterfield Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Garrett Gomez Green, Al Grothman Hanabusa Hastings Heck Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Labrador Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Massie Matsui McEachin McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Nadler Napolitano Nolan Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Raskin Richmond Roybal-Allard Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—37 
Aguilar Blackburn Brady (PA) Capuano Castor (FL) Culberson DeSantis Ellison Eshoo Gallego Gosar Gowdy Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hunter Jenkins (WV) Jones Keating Kennedy Maloney, Sean McNerney Neal O’Rourke Palazzo Payne Poe (TX) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Rush Speier Swalwell (CA) Tipton Titus Tsongas Walz Wilson (FL) 
b1901 Mr. DOGGETT changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. JORDAN changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF CONFEREES ON H.R. 6157, DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
IGGS). Without objection, the Chair appoints the following conferees on H.R. 6157: Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, Ms. GRANGER, Messrs. COLE, CALVERT, WOMACK, ADERHOLT, ROGERS of Kentucky, Mmes. ROBY, LOWEY, Mr. VISCLOSKY, Mses. D
ELAURO, ROY-BAL-ALLARD, and M
CCOLLUM. There was no objection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04SE7.029 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7807 September 4, 2018 
RESIGNATION AS MEMBER OF COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE, SPACE, and TECHNOLOGY The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following resigna-tion as a member of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN: I write to respect-fully tender my resignation as a member of the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee. It has been an honor to serve on the Committee under the leadership of Chairman Smith. Sincerely, B
ARRY LOUDERMILK . 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the resignation is accepted. There was no objection. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on additional motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
PRECHECK IS PRECHECK ACT OF 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6265) to ensure that only trav-elers who are members of a trusted traveler program use Transportation Security Administration security screening lanes designated for trusted travelers, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6265 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘PreCheck is PreCheck Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. ELIGIBILITY FOR TSA PRECHECK EXPE-DITED SCREENING. 
(a) E LIGIBILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration (TSA) shall ensure that only trav-elers who are members of a trusted traveler pro-gram specified in subsection (b) are permitted to use TSA PreCheck security screening lanes at Transportation Security Administration check-points. (2) C
ERTAIN TRAVELERS .—Any traveler who is 12 or under or 75 or over who is not a member of a trusted traveler program specified in sub-section (b) shall be permitted to utilize TSA PreCheck security screening lanes at Transpor-tation Security Administration checkpoints when traveling on the same itinerary as a mem-ber of such a program. (b) T
RUSTED TRAVELER PROGRAMS .—Trusted traveler programs referred to in subsection (a) include the following: (1) Programs implemented by the Transpor-tation Security Administration under section 109(a)(3) of the Aviation and Transportation Se-curity Act (Public Law 107–71; 49 U.S.C. 114 note). (2) Any other United States Government pro-gram that issues unique identifiers, such as a known traveler number, that the Transportation Security Administration accepts as validating that the person holding such identifier is a mem-ber of a known low-risk population. (c) EXEMPTIONS .—Nothing in this section shall affect— (1) the ability of the Transportation Security Administration to carry out expedited screening for severely injured or disabled members of the Armed Forces and severely injured or disabled veterans, as set forth in section 44927 of title 49, United States Code; or (2) the Honor Flight program, set forth in sec-tion 44928 of such title. 
SEC. 3. RISK MODIFIED SCREENING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration shall commence a pilot program re-garding a risk modified screening protocol for lanes other than designated TSA PreCheck se-curity screening lanes at Transportation Secu-rity Administration checkpoints, in airports of varying categories, to further segment pas-sengers based on risk. Such pilot program shall conclude on the date that is 120 after such date of commencement. (b) R
EPORT ; IMPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 30 days after the conclusion of the pilot program required under subsection (a), the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate a report on the finding of such pilot program, including information relat-ing to the security effectiveness and passenger facilitation effectiveness of the risk modified screening protocol that was the subject of such pilot program and, in the event that the Admin-istrator is satisfied with the effectiveness of such protocol, information relating to plans to deploy such protocol at as many Transportation Secu-rity Administration checkpoints as practicable, taking into consideration the level of risk at the airport at issue, the available space at such air-port, passenger throughput levels at such air-port, and checkpoint configuration at such air-port, while maintaining adequate resources to appropriately serve passengers in TSA PreCheck security screening lanes at Transportation Secu-rity Administration checkpoints. (c) E
LIGIBILITY .—Only low-risk passengers shall be eligible to undergo risk modified screen-ing at Transportation Security Administration checkpoints described in subsection (a). Such low-risk passengers are those passengers who— (1) meet risk-based, intelligence-driven criteria outlined by the Administrator of the Transpor-tation Security Administration; or (2) have undergone canine enhanced screen-ing upon arrival at a Transportation Security Administration checkpoint. (d) W
ORKING GROUP .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out subsections (a) and (b), the Administrator of the Transpor-tation Security Administration shall establish and utilize a working group comprised of indi-viduals from or representatives of Category X, 1, 2, 3, and 4 airports and air carriers (as such term is defined in section 40102 of title 49, United States Code) to inform the piloting and development of plans to deploy the risk modified screening protocol described in such subsections for lanes other than designated TSA PreCheck security screening lanes at Transportation Secu-rity Administration checkpoints in a manner which ensures maximum security effectiveness and efficiency. (2) N
ON-APPLICABILITY OF FACA .—The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the working group established under this subsection. SEC. 4. CONGRESSIONAL REPORTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning with the first full calendar quarter after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transpor-tation Security Administration shall brief, on a quarterly basis, the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate on the implementation of section 2. (b) C
ERTIFICATION .—Upon a determination by the Administrator of the Transportation Secu-rity Administration that only travelers who are members of a trusted traveler program specified in section 2(b) are permitted to use TSA PreCheck security screening lanes at Transpor-tation Security Administration checkpoints in accordance with subsection (a) of such section, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a written certification relating to such determina-tion. (c) S
UNSET .—The briefings required under subsection (a) shall terminate at the time the certification described in subsection (b) is sub-mitted. 
SEC. 5. INSPECTOR GENERAL ASSESSMENTS. 
After the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration submits the certifi-cation described in section 4(b), the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity shall, beginning in the first calendar year after such certification and in each of the next three subsequent calendar years, conduct an as-sessment to determine if there has been a sys-tematic pattern of violations of section 2(a) dur-ing the previous calendar year. The Inspector General shall submit to the Committee on Home-land Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate the results of each such assessment. 
SEC. 6. PRECHECK PROGRAM EXPANSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall develop and begin the im-plementation of a long-term strategy to increase enrollment in the TSA PreCheck Program and expand the total population of members of trust-ed traveler programs specified in section 2(b). (b) E
NROLLMENT .—In carrying out the long- term strategy referred to in subsection (a), the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall— (1) seek to partner with air carriers (as such term is defined in section 40102 of title 49, United States Code) to incorporate PreCheck Program promotion opportunities in the reserva-tion process described in section 1560.101 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations; (2) seek to include in the PreCheck Program individuals who— (A) hold a Secret, Top Secret, or Top Secret/ Sensitive Compartmented Information clearance, unless such an individual has had his or her clearance revoked or did not pass a periodic re-investigation; or (B) are current, full-time Federal law enforce-ment officers; (3) increase PreCheck Program enrollment flexibility by offering a secure mobile enrollment platform that facilitates in-person identity verification and application data collection, such as biometrics; (4) develop initiatives to minimize the amount of travel to PreCheck Program enrollment cen-ters for applicants, including— (A) adjusting the locations and schedules of existing PreCheck Program enrollment centers to accommodate demand; (B) seeking to collocate such enrollment cen-ters with existing facilities that support the issuance of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K04SE7.047 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7808 September 4, 2018 
(i) United States passports; and (ii) Security Identification Display Area cre-dentials (as such term is defined in section 1540.5 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations) located in public, non-secure areas of airports, provided that no systems of an airport operator are used in support of enrollment activities for such credentials; and (C) increasing the availability of PreCheck Program enrollment platforms, such as kiosks, tablets, or staffed laptop stations; (5) assess the feasibility of providing financial or other incentives for PreCheck Program enroll-ment for— (A) children between the ages of 12 and 18; (B) families of five or more individuals; (C) private sector entities, including small businesses, that establish PreCheck Program en-rollment centers in their respective facilities; and (D) private sector entities, including small business concerns (as such term is described under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)), that reimburse employees for the cost of the PreCheck Program application; and (6) explore the possibility of combining the PreCheck Program with other trusted traveler programs specified in section 2(b). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) and the gentle-woman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON  C
OLEMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 6265, the PreCheck is PreCheck Act of 2018. The name of this bipartisan legislation demonstrates my belief that the Transportation Security Administration should use its PreCheck screening lanes at airport checkpoints as they were originally in-tended. This bipartisan bill codifies a solu-tion to a longstanding frustration that I and others have reiterated to TSA on many occasions: PreCheck lanes should not be used as tools to manage conges-tion for passengers in an airport. In-stead of employing a one-size-fits-all approach to passenger security screen-ing, the concept underlying TSA’s PreCheck program is one of risk-based security. This should, when applied as in-tended, save taxpayer dollars and re-sult in an enhanced security check-point experience for all travelers. How-ever, the stated benefits of the PreCheck program have been consist-ently undermined by TSA’s practice of moving unvetted passengers into PreCheck lanes for the sake of expedi-ency. I have said it before and I will say it again: Security cannot be sacrificed for expediency. This legislation will require TSA to ensure that only travelers who are members of trusted traveler programs are permitted to use PreCheck security screening lanes at TSA checkpoints throughout the country. To address the issue of passenger throughput, H.R. 6265 also provides a framework for TSA to expedite screen-ing for passengers who have been deter-mined to pose a lower risk to aviation security. The effects of this legislation will be far-reaching. By restoring the PreCheck program to its original pur-pose, passengers who have elected to participate will experience a shorter checkpoint process they were promised when they first enrolled in the pro-gram. Additionally, passengers will be more incentivized to enroll in a trusted traveler program when it is working as it should. To achieve TSA’s stated goal of en-rolling 25 million passengers by the end of 2019, restricting PreCheck expedited screening lanes to vetted, enrolled pas-sengers is a necessity. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member of the subcommittee, my friend, the gentlewoman from New Jer-sey (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN ), for co-sponsoring this bill and for her leader-ship on this issue. I also thank my good friend Congressman K
EATING for his bipartisan support of this legisla-tion. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my col-leagues to support this act, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6265, the PreCheck is PreCheck Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, in 2011, the Transpor-tation Security Administration launched the PreCheck program to ex-pedite vetted, known travelers through airport checkpoint screening. Today, TSA PreCheck is in more than 200 air-ports nationwide, improving security by allowing TSA to focus resources on the passengers it knows the least about who may pose a higher risk to the avia-tion system. While PreCheck has generally proven popular with passengers, there is a con-cern that TSA has strayed from the program’s original intent. In an effort to manage checkpoint wait times, TSA has pushed travelers who are not en-rolled in PreCheck into expedited screening lanes. While I recognize that large crowds of passengers waiting at checkpoints could pose a security risk, the way to prevent long lines is to staff check-points sufficiently, not to abuse the availability of expedited screening lanes. H.R. 6265 seeks to address this issue by requiring that PreCheck lanes be used only by trusted travelers, with limited exceptions. It also requires TSA to pilot a risk- modified screening concept under which a new level of screening, some-where between PreCheck expedited screening and standard screening, could be provided to passengers who TSA deems to pose a lower risk to se-curity. b1915 Finally, this bill pushes TSA to grow participation in the PreCheck program by providing more innovative and con-venient enrollment opportunities for passengers. This bill is a result of bipartisan work and builds upon legislation that the Committee on Homeland Security ranking member, Mr. THOMPSON , ad-vanced in the last Congress; and it is my delight to work with the current sponsor of this bill, Mr. K
ATKO , as we move forward to ensure that traveling passengers are always safe. I thank Mr. K
ATKO for his collaboration on this bill. Mr. Speaker, in closing, Members on both sides of the aisle have been frus-trated by not only TSA’s use of PreCheck lanes to address wait times, but its failure to make significant progress in improving PreCheck enroll-ment opportunities. Enactment of H.R. 6265 should help TSA achieve its origi-nal vision for the PreCheck program. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to echo the sen-timents of my colleague from New Jer-sey, the gentlewoman, Mrs. W
ATSON  C
OLEMAN . She is exactly right. This program is not being used like it is supposed to be used. The idea of PreCheck was to have a known, trusted traveler program, a traveler program where someone walks through and gets a different level of scrutiny because you know enough about them in advance. When you put people through that same lane and they get a different level of scrutiny that they shouldn’t have because you don’t know about them, it entirely de-feats the purpose of the bill. With ter-rorism what it is today and the zest to try to attack our aviation industry, it is not a time we should be cutting cor-ners to manage traffic. Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN is exactly right. We need to have more people staffing these lanes, and we need to have a better running of the PreCheck program itself. If they did those two things, then we would be okay; but we cannot cut corners when it comes to security, especially in the aviation sec-tor. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6265, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6265, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04SE7.031 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7809 September 4, 2018 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1635, EMPOWERING STU-DENTS THROUGH ENHANCED FI-NANCIAL COUNSELING ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4606, ENSURING SMALL SCALE LNG CERTAINTY AND AC-CESS ACT Ms. CHENEY, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–919) on the resolution (H. Res. 1049) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1635) to amend the loan counseling requirements under the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes, and providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 4606) to pro-vide that applications under the Nat-ural Gas Act for the importation or ex-portation of small volumes of natural gas shall be granted without modifica-tion or delay, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
TSA NATIONAL DEPLOYMENT FORCE ACT Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6461) to amend title 49, United States Code, to establish in the Trans-portation Security Administration a National Deployment Office, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6461 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘TSA Na-tional Deployment Force Act’’. 
SEC. 2. NATIONAL DEPLOYMENT OFFICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 449 of title 49, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 44947. National Deployment Office ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established within the Transportation Security Adminis-tration a National Deployment Office, to be headed by an individual with supervisory ex-perience. Such individual shall be designated by the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration. ‘‘(b) D
UTIES .—The individual designated as the head of the National Deployment Office shall be responsible for the following: ‘‘(1) Maintaining a National Deployment Force within the Transportation Security Administration that is comprised of trans-portation security officers, including super-visory transportation security officers and lead transportation security officers, to pro-vide the Administration with rapid and effi-cient response capabilities and augment the Department of Homeland Security’s home-land security operations to mitigate and re-duce risk, including for the following: ‘‘(A) Airports temporarily requiring addi-tional security personnel due to an emer-gency, seasonal demands, hiring shortfalls, severe weather conditions, passenger volume mitigation, equipment support, or other rea-sons. ‘‘(B) Special events requiring enhanced se-curity including National Special Security Events, as determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security. ‘‘(C) Response in the aftermath of any manmade disaster, including any terrorist attack. ‘‘(D) Other such situations, as determined by the Administrator. ‘‘(2) Educating transportation security of-ficers regarding how to participate in the Administration’s National Deployment Force. ‘‘(3) Recruiting officers to serve on the Na-tional Deployment Force, in accordance with a staffing model to be developed by the Ad-ministrator. ‘‘(4) Approving one-year appointments for officers to serve on the National Deployment Force, with an option to extend upon officer request and with the approval of the appro-priate Federal Security Director. ‘‘(5) Training officers to serve on the Na-tional Deployment Force.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for subchapter II of chapter 449 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘44947. National Deployment Office.’’. 
SEC. 3. CONFORMING AMENDMENT. 
Subsection (f) of section 114 of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (14), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end; (2) by redesignating paragraph (15) as para-graph (16); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (14) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(15) establish and maintain a National De-ployment Office as required under section 44947 of this title; and’’. 
SEC. 4. CAREER DEVELOPMENT. 
The Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration may consider serv-ice in the National Deployment Force as a positive factor when evaluating applicants for promotion opportunities within the Transportation Security Administration. 
SEC. 5. ANNUAL REPORT. 
Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act and annually there-after for five years, the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report re-garding activities of the National Deploy-ment Office, including the National Deploy-ment Force, established under section 44947 of title 49, United States Code, as added by section 2 of this Act. Each such report shall include information relating to the fol-lowing: (1) When, where, why, how many, and for how long the National Deployment Force was deployed throughout the 12-month pe-riod covered by such report and the costs as-sociated with such deployment. (2) A description of collaboration between the National Deployment Office and other components of the Department of Homeland Security, other Federal agencies, and State and local transportation security stake-holders. (3) The size of the National Deployment Force, including information on the staffing model of such Force and adherence to such model as established by the Administrator. (4) Information on recruitment, appoint-ment, and training activities, including processes utilized to attract, recruit, ap-point, and train officers to serve on the Na-tional Deployment Force. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) and the gentle-woman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON  C
OLEMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6461, the TSA National Deploy-ment Force Act, sponsored by my good friend and the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Transportation and Protective Security, Mrs. W
ATSON  C
OLEMAN . TSA security operations happen 365 days per year at nearly 440 federalized airports. Our Nation depends on the professionals at TSA who are on the front lines every single day to keep our transportation systems moving and se-cure. In testimony before the committee, Administrator Pekoske has stated that TSA’s greatest assets are its people, and I could not agree more. Transpor-tation security officers are tasked with a zero-fail mission, and their dedica-tion to duty is what helps keep trav-eling Americans secure when they fly within our civil aviation system. With a strengthening economy, pas-senger volume has surged over the past few years and is expected to go much higher in the years to come, and TSA has often struggled to accommodate massive traveler volume increases at checkpoints. However, one of the most practical, useful, and helpful tools in TSA’s toolbox, the National Deploy-ment Force, helps TSA alleviate long lines at airport checkpoints, providing both a national security value by mini-mizing public area security risk and providing efficiency by reducing pas-senger wait times. This legislation authorizes the Na-tional Deployment Force, or NDF, within TSA to provide rapid and effi-cient response capabilities. The NDF is comprised of transpor-tation security officers who may be de-ployed across the country to supple-ment existing TSA staffing during peri-ods of high seasonal demand, natural disasters, national special security events, or other scenarios requiring ad-ditional security screening support. Recently, the NDF has provided crit-ical screening support for large-scale events requiring additional security, such as the Super Bowl and in the wake of Hurricane Harvey. Given the anticipated increases in passenger growth, this bipartisan legislation will help ensure that TSA has the resources 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04SE7.051 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7810 September 4, 2018 
it needs to quickly respond to influxes in passenger volume at specific air-ports. I am proud to cosponsor this bipar-tisan legislation with my good friend and colleague from New Jersey to au-thorize a National Deployment Force and help make TSA the agile agency the American people expect and de-serve. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6461, the TSA National Deployment Force Act. Mr. Speaker, the Transportation Se-curity Administration maintains a Na-tional Deployment Force, or NDF, a volunteer force made up of transpor-tation security officers who are de-ployed to various locations across the country in support of TSA’s homeland security mission. Today, the TSA Administrator is able to deploy this force to respond rapidly to operational challenges at more than 440 airports where TSA con-ducts security operations. Maintenance of this operational capability would not be possible if TSA did not maintain a robust federalized screening work-force. TSA deploys the NDF to address hir-ing difficulties, seasonal demands, se-vere weather conditions, and periods of relief and recovery following a natural disaster or other major incident, as well as to support securing national se-curity events, again, such as the Super Bowl and national political conven-tions. In particular, the NDF was crit-ical to ensuring TSA could continue to operate fully in the aftermath of Hurri-cane Sandy after that storm dev-astated my region of the country. Notably, TSA has called upon the NDF to fill staffing gaps at airports where private screening companies op-erating under TSA’s screening partner-ship program are unable to hire enough officers. My bill authorizes the NDF to ensure its work continues and directs TSA to report to Congress on the NDF’s activities to ensure proper over-sight. Because officers serving on the NDF often go above and beyond, leaving their homes and families on short no-tice, my bill authorizes TSA to con-sider service in this force as a positive factor when evaluating applicants for promotions within TSA. The NDF is a critical component of TSA’s homeland security efforts, and I urge my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. Speaker, in closing, in recent years, we have seen TSA face a wide array of challenges, including complex threat streams, lengthy wait times, and the need to reopen airports quickly after natural disasters. The NDF pro-vides TSA with the operational flexi-bility it needs to maintain the security of our country’s transportation sys-tems in the face of these challenges. Mr. Speaker, I thank my partner on the Transportation and Protective Se-curity Subcommittee, Mr. K
ATKO , as well as my other colleagues for their support, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6461. I agree with the comments of my col-league from New Jersey, and I think that this commonsense legislation will give TSA more flexibility and more elasticity in facing the ongoing chal-lenges with staffing issues at airports, especially during peak travel times. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6461. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DHS COUNTERING UNMANNED AIR-CRAFT SYSTEMS COORDINATOR ACT Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6438) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to establish in the Department of Homeland Security an Unmanned Aircraft Systems Coordi-nator, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6438 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘DHS Coun-tering Unmanned Aircraft Systems Coordi-nator Act’’. 
SEC. 2. UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS COUN-TERMEASURES COORDINATOR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title III of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 321. COUNTERING UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS COORDINATOR. 
‘‘(a) C OORDINATOR .—The Secretary shall designate an official of the Department as the Countering Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) Coordinator (in this section referred to as the ‘Coordinator’) to coordinate with relevant Department offices and components on the development of policies and plans to counter threats associated with UAS, includ-ing— ‘‘(1) countering UAS that may be used in a terrorist attack; ‘‘(2) promoting research and development of counter UAS technologies; ‘‘(3) ensuring the dissemination of informa-tion and guidance related to countering UAS threats; ‘‘(4) serving as the Department point of contact for Federal, State, local, and tribal law enforcement entities and the private sec-tor regarding the Department’s activities re-lated to countering UAS; and ‘‘(5) carrying out other related UAS activi-ties, as directed by the Secretary. ‘‘(b) COORDINATION WITHAPPLICABLE FED-
ERAL LAWS.—The Coordinator shall, in addi-tion to other assigned duties, coordinate with relevant Department components and offices to ensure testing, evaluation, or de-ployment of a system used to identify, as-sess, or defeat a UAS is carried out in ac-cordance with applicable Federal laws. ‘‘(c) C
OORDINATION WITHPRIVATE SECTOR .— The Coordinator shall, working with the Of-fice of Partnership and Engagement and other relevant Department offices and com-ponents, or other Federal agencies, as appro-priate, serve as the principal Department of-ficial responsible for disseminating to the private sector information regarding counter UAS technology, particularly information regarding instances in which counter UAS technology may impact lawful private sector services or systems.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) R
EDESIGNATION OF DUPLICATE SECTION  
NUMBER .—Title III of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by redesignating the second section 319 (relating to EMP and GMD mitigation research and development) as section 320. (2) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 is amended by striking the items relating to sections 317, 319, 318, and 319 and inserting the following new items: ‘‘Sec. 317. Promoting antiterrorism through international cooperation pro-gram. ‘‘Sec. 318. Social media working group. ‘‘Sec. 319. Transparency in research and de-velopment. ‘‘Sec. 320. EMP and GMD mitigation re-search and development. ‘‘Sec. 321. Countering Unmanned Aircraft Systems Coordinator.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ) and the gen-tlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
AT-
SONCOLEMAN ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 6438, the DHS Countering Un-manned Aircraft Systems Coordinator Act. In 2016, the Federal Aviation Admin-istration estimated that there were 1.9 million consumer unmanned aircraft systems vehicles, commonly known as drones, in the U.S. This number is ex-pected to grow to a staggering 4.3 mil-lion by the end of 2020. The increased availability and ex-panded use of drones has led to con-cerns over the potential risks to na-tional security. Drones provide mali-cious actors both a robust aerial deliv-ery mechanism for potentially haz-ardous payloads and anonymity in car-rying out an attack. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04SE7.052 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7811 September 4, 2018 
This threat is not just imaginary. Known incidents involving drones have included weaponized use by ISIS and cartels, smuggling operations, intru-sions at NFL and Olympic stadiums, and damage to electrical grid infra-structure in Canada. Several DHS offices and components assess drone threats and are members of interagency and industry drone working groups which promote infor-mation sharing, research, and joint problem-solving initiatives. However, DHS currently does not have a central-ized, departmentwide official respon-sible for the coordination of counter- drone policies and activities. H.R. 6438 authorizes the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security to designate a countering unmanned aircraft systems coordinator at the De-partment to serve as the lead DHS offi-cial for coordinating counter-drone threat planning policies and plans. H.R. 6438 enables DHS to centralize the coordination of counter-drone threat planning efforts under one official. Under H.R. 6438, the countering UAS coordinator is responsible for coordi-nating with relevant DHS components on the development of policies and plans to counter threats from drones. The countering UAS coordinator pro-motes the research and development of counter-drone technologies within the Department and ensures that informa-tion and guidance regarding drone threats is disseminated across the De-partment as appropriate. The coordinator will also serve as the principal Department official respon-sible for disseminating information to the private sector regarding DHS counter-drone measures and will en-sure that DHS counter-drone activities are carried out in accordance with Fed-eral laws. H.R. 6438 is an important and timely piece of legislation that seeks to fur-ther prepare the Department in car-rying out its duties in countering this emerging threat. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to join me in supporting H.R. 6438, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  I
NFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, September 4, 2018. Hon. M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I write con-cerning H.R. 6438, the DHS Countering Un-manned Aircraft Systems Coordinator Act. This legislation includes matters that I be-lieve fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. In order to expedite floor consideration of H.R. 6438, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forgo action on this bill, including seeking a sequential referral. However, this is conditional on our mutual understanding that forgoing consideration of the bill does not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or simi-lar legislation that fall within the Commit-tee’s Rule X jurisdiction. Finally, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I ask that you support my request to have the Committee represented on the conference committee. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest in the Congressional Record during House Floor consideration of the bill. I look forward to working with the Committee on Homeland Security as the bill moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, BILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, September 4, 2018. Hon. B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 6438, the ‘‘DHS Countering Unmanned Aircraft Systems Co-ordinator Act.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation expeditiously before the House of Representatives. I understand that the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, to the extent it may have a jurisdictional claim, will not seek a sequen-tial referral on the bill; and therefore, there has been no formal determination as to its jurisdiction by the Parliamentarian. The Committee on Homeland Security con-curs with the mutual understanding that the absence of a decision on this bill at this time does not prejudice any claim the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure may have held or may have on similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a con-ference on this bill be necessary, I would sup-port a request by the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure for conferees on those provisions determined to be within its jurisdiction. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
b1930 Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6438, the DHS Countering Unmanned Aircraft Systems Coordinator Act. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6438 directs the De-partment of Homeland Security to have a designated official to coordinate the Department’s unmanned aircraft systems, or UAS, plans and policies. The countering UAS coordinator would work with Department compo-nents and offices to ensure testing, evaluation, or deployment of systems to identify, assess, or defeat a UAS threat are in compliance with applica-ble Federal laws. The coordinator would also serve as the principal De-partment official responsible for dis-seminating information to the private sector regarding counter-UAS tech-nology. In homeland security circles, there is broad recognition that UAS technology enhances capabilities to, among other things, deliver disaster relief to af-fected areas and surveil weak spots along the southwest border. At the same time, Mr. Speaker, today, there is considerable concern re-garding the security threats that UAS may pose. More and more, we hear of instances where unmanned aircraft systems, commonly referred to as drones, are used for nefarious reasons, such as smuggling operations or to conduct surveillance to evade law en-forcement. The threat was underscored last month when a drone was used in an unsuccessful assassination attempt on the life of the Venezuelan President as he spoke at a massive military pa-rade. As such, I support DHS organizing itself to better address this emerging homeland security threat, as set forth in H.R. 6438. There is increasingly more concern regarding the potential threats that UAS may pose to the security of our Nation and its people. Last Congress, when I served as the ranking member of the Oversight and Management Efficiency Subcommittee with Mr. PERRY , we worked together on legislation that I drafted to address the UAS threat. Since that time, the range of threats associated with UAS has grown more complex and demand that DHS prioritize counter-UAS ef-forts in an unprecedented way. Desig-nating an official to coordinate Depart-ment counter-UAS plans and policies is a step in the right direction. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ) for his work on this measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from New Jersey. She has been a leader on this issue, and it is something that is important to both of us and to our country. I applaud her ef-forts and thank her for her support of these efforts. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6438, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6438, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
UNITED STATES PORTS OF ENTRY THREAT AND OPERATIONAL RE-VIEW ACT Mrs. LESKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6400) to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a threat and operational analysis of ports of entry, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6400 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04SE7.054 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7812 September 4, 2018 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘United States Ports of Entry Threat and Oper-ational Review Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PORTS OF ENTRY THREAT AND OPER-ATIONAL ANALYSIS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a threat and operational analysis of ports of entry. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The threat and operational analysis required under paragraph (1) shall include an assessment of the following: (A) Current and potential threats posed by individuals and organized groups seeking— (i) to exploit security vulnerabilities at ports of entry; or (ii) to unlawfully enter the United States through such ports of entry. (B) Methods and pathways used to exploit security vulnerabilities at ports of entry. (C) Improvements needed at ports of entry to prevent the unlawful movement of people, illicit drugs, and other contraband across the borders of the United States. (D) Improvements needed to enhance trav-el and trade facilitation and reduce wait times at ports of entry, including— (i) security vulnerabilities associated with prolonged wait times; (ii) current technology at ports of entry that can be adapted to handle more volume, increase efficiency, and improve accuracy of detection efforts; and (iii) infrastructure additions and upgrades. (E) Processes conducted at ports of entry that do not require law enforcement training and could be— (i) filled with— (I) non-law enforcement staff; or (II) the private sector, for processes or ac-tivities determined to not be inherently gov-ernmental (as such term is defined in section 5 of the Federal Activities Inventory Reform Act of 1998 (Public Law 105–270)); or (ii) automated. (3) A
NALYSIS REQUIREMENTS .—In compiling the threat and operational analysis required under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Home-land Security, acting through the Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion, shall consider and examine the fol-lowing: (A) Personnel needs, including K–9 Units, and estimated costs, at each port of entry, including such needs and challenges associ-ated with recruitment and hiring. (B) Technology needs, including radiation portal monitors and non-intrusive inspection technology, and estimated costs at each port of entry. (C) Infrastructure needs and estimated costs at each port of entry. (b) P
ORTS OF ENTRY STRATEGY AND IMPLE -
MENTATION PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 270 days after the submission of the threat and oper-ational analysis required under subsection (a) and every five years thereafter for ten years, the Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), shall provide to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a ports of entry strat-egy and implementation plan. (2) CONTENTS .—The ports of entry strategy and implementation plan required under paragraph (1) shall include a consideration of the following: (A) The ports of entry threat and oper-ational analysis required under subsection (a), with an emphasis on efforts to mitigate threats and challenges identified in such analysis. (B) Efforts to reduce wait times at ports of entry and standards against which the effec-tiveness of such efforts may be determined. (C) Efforts to prevent the unlawful move-ment of people, illicit drugs, and other con-traband across the borders of the United States at the earliest possible point at ports of entry and standards against which the ef-fectiveness of such efforts may be deter-mined. (D) Efforts to focus intelligence collection and information analysis to disrupt transnational criminal organizations at-tempting to exploit vulnerabilities at ports of entry and standards against which the ef-fectiveness of such efforts may be deter-mined. (E) Efforts to verify that any new port of entry technology acquisition can be oper-ationally integrated with existing tech-nologies in use by the Department of Home-land Security. (F) Lessons learned from reports on the business transformation initiative under sec-tion 802(i)(1) of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–125). (G) CBP staffing requirements for all ports of entry. (H) Efforts to identify and detect fraudu-lent documents at ports of entry and stand-ards against which the effectiveness of such efforts may be determined. (I) Efforts to prevent, detect, investigate, and mitigate corruption at ports of entry and standards against which the effective-ness of such efforts may be determined. (c) P
ORTS OF ENTRY DESCRIBED .—In this section, the term ‘‘ports of entry’’ means United States air, land, and sea ports of entry. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Mrs. L
ESKO ) and the gentle-woman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON  C
OLEMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Arizona. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. LESKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include any extraneous ma-terial on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Arizona? There was no objection. Mrs. LESKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the United States has over 300 official ports of entry, ranging from land border ports along our south-ern and northern borders to inter-national airports in major metropoli-tan cities, to seaports ranging from the Great Lakes to coastal cities. While each port facilitates trade and travel that keeps our economy humming, each has their own unique security challenges to prevent illicit activity. That is why it is imperative that we know the vulnerabilities and oper-ational needs at each and every port in order to properly protect our homeland from threats and exploitation. I introduced this bill because our country’s ports are long overdue for a comprehensive review. My bill requires the Department of Homeland Security to do a full threat and operational analysis of these vulnerabilities and create a strategy and implementation plan to prevent human trafficking, il-licit drugs, illegal contraband, and transnational criminal activity at our air, land, and sea ports of entry. The bill also works to improve the flow of commerce that is vital to our economy. We need to not only think about the security of our ports, but also the infrastructure and operational needs as well. Ports of entry continue to be a pre-ferred location for transnational crimi-nal organizations and drug smugglers to transport illicit drugs and contra-band into the United States. In fact, between October 1, 2010, and March 31, 2018, Customs and Border Protection conducted more than 84 million non-intrusive inspection examinations, re-sulting in more than 19,000 narcotics seizures and $79 million in currency seizures. Many U.S. ports of entry were built 40 to 50 years ago. Therefore, they were never designed for post-9/11 security measures, technology, or increased vol-ume of traffic. These infrastructure constraints magnify the threats at our ports of entry and manifest themselves as long lines and bottlenecks that strain Customs and Border Protec-tion’s ability to properly vet all incom-ing traffic. In addition, long lines and wait times delay trade and cost the U.S. economy millions of dollars every year in lost productivity. This is why my bill’s required anal-ysis will look over current and poten-tial threats, methods, and pathways used to exploit security vulnerabilities and improvements needed to improve illicit drugs and other contraband from crossing our border. Following the analysis, my bill directs the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to create a strategy and implementation plan to address the threats and operational in-efficiencies identified. We need to fix these problems. We need to take ac-tion. Our ports must be brought into the 21st century. I am pleased by the support I have re-ceived on this legislation, and I specifi-cally want to thank Chairman B
RADY  of the House Ways and Means Com-mittee and Chairman M
CCAUL of the House Homeland Security Committee for working with me to bring this bill to the floor. Modernizing our ports of entry is just one step in securing our border. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to join me in supporting H.R. 6400, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04SE7.035 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7813 September 4, 2018 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, August 31, 2018. Hon. M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I write to you re-garding H.R. 6400, the ‘‘United States Ports of Entry Threat and Operational Review Act.’’ The Committee on Ways and Means has jurisdiction over this bill and an addi-tional referral was granted to the Committee on Homeland Security. The Committee on Homeland Security ordered this bill favor-ably reported. Because of the extensive com-munication regarding the policies contained in the bill, the Committee on Ways and Means is willing to waive formal consider-ation of the bill so that it may proceed expe-ditiously to the House Floor. Please note that by waiving formal consid-eration of the bill, the Committee on Ways and Means is in no way waiving its jurisdic-tion over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bills that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I will include a copy of our letters in the Congressional Record during consideration of this legislation on the House floor and would support your effort to seek appoint-ment of an appropriate number of conferees on any House-Senate conference involving this legislation. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, September 4, 2018. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN BRADY : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 6400, the ‘‘United States Ports of Entry Threat and Oper-ational Review Act.’’ I appreciate your sup-port in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Committee on Ways and Means will not take further action on this bill. The Committee on Homeland Security con-curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration on this bill at this time, the Committee on Ways and Means does not waive any jurisdiction over the sub-ject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support a request by the Committee on Ways and Means for conferees on those provisions within your jurisdiction. I will insert copies of this exchange in the report on the bill for H.R. 6400. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6400, the United States Ports of Entry Threat and Operational Review Act. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6400 would require the Department of Homeland Security to conduct an analysis of the threats and operations at all United States air, land, and sea ports of entry. Following the completion of the threat analysis, H.R. 6400 requires the Department to produce a strategy and implementation plan to mitigate such threats. The strategy and implementa-tion plan must include consideration of improvements needed at the ports of entry to reduce wait times and facili-tate the lawful movement of trade, travel, and people. This bill is modeled after the North-ern Border Security Review Act, which was signed into law in 2016. Most of what is required in this measure is al-ready being done by the Department. What H.R. 6400 would do is bring to-gether various mandated materials into one report. The Department should be able to carry out this new mandate in a way that is not duplica-tive of other efforts. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support H.R. 6400, a measure that directs DHS to take a holistic ap-proach to protecting our ports of entry, vital gateways for trade and travel. Speaking of the need for a holistic approach to homeland security, I would be remiss if I did not acknowledge that the Department’s Quadrennial Home-land Security Review is 247 days over-due. Pursuant to section 707 of the Home-land Security Act, the Department is required to produce this overarching strategy every 4 years. As the author of the Quadrennial Homeland Security Review Technical Corrections Act of 2017, a measure aimed at improving the quality of future reviews that is pend-ing in the Senate, I strongly believe that DHS needs to do a better job of prioritizing its vast array of homeland security mission areas. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. LESKO. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6400, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Mrs. LESKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6400, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ANNUAL DISTRICT BUS TOUR (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, each August, I conduct a bus tour of South Carolina’s Second Con-gressional District with my wife, Rox-anne, and dedicated staff from all of-fices. This year, I especially appreciate scheduler Emily Saleeby for the very meaningful agenda. It was humbling and inspiring to meet with constituents and visit 22 lo-cations, from small businesses and schools to local chambers of commerce and large employers. I had the oppor-tunity to thank employees for their service, and I observed firsthand the extraordinary success of jobs created by President Donald Trump’s tax cuts, promises made, promises kept. Many of the businesses were multigenerational success stories, such as Shumpert’s IGA, which has been in operation for four generations and is currently led by Frank Shumpert. We also visited with newer companies that thrive, like Tidewater Boats of Lexington, which started in 2006 and is currently in the top 10 of saltwater boat manufacturers in the Nation with the leadership of Jimmy Metts and Chris Martin. I was grateful for the opportunity to receive, personally, questions, con-cerns, and input from citizens on the bus tour. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Thank you, Congressman MADELEINE  B
ORDALLO , for your remarkable achievements, your loving devotion for the families of Guam, and your tireless bipartisan support of a strong national defense. M
ADELEINE BORDALLO is a living leg-end of effective service for the people of Guam. 
f 
b1945 ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, be-fore I launch into the major subject matter of this evening, I want to call attention to the horrific fires that have occurred in California over the last month. It is extremely early in the fire season. Normally, fires of the size that we have seen in California during the month of August occur in late October/ November. Climate change is real, and what we are seeing is a 365-day-a-year fire sea-son in California. In my own district of Lake County, the largest fire ever in California’s history is still burning, mostly under control, but it will prob-ably burn for another month until the rains come. Just to the north, in the Redding, California, area, more than 1,000 homes were lost and 4 people lost their lives. We saw last year the huge fire that oc-curred in southern California, in the Santa Barbara-Ventura County area, followed by horrific mudslides that, again, claimed the lives of dozens of people. My heart goes out to all the victims of the fire, and my gratitude, along with the gratitude of the communities of California, goes out to the brave firefighters and first responders who met the challenge of these very fast moving, very, very dangerous fires. It should bring to the attention of all Americans the need for us to address 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04SE7.036 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7814 September 4, 2018 
the new issues that confront our Na-tion as a result of the ever-warming climate and, also, the need for this Congress to carry on what is now in place in law, and that is to allow the U.S. Forest Service to have two ac-counts: one account for fighting fires and a separate account for managing the forests. The health of our forests is in doubt. As one of my colleagues often says, we can take the trees out in an orderly way and remove some of the vegeta-tion, providing the necessary firebreaks and forest thinnings, or it will come out in a fire. Now, if I might, Mr. Speaker, go to the other subject matter that I would like to spend a few minutes on. I often start my Special Order hours with some words from a very well- known American, a fellow who had four terms as President of the United States. If you haven’t figured it out al-ready, it would be FDR. In the past, as I have used this to set the tone and to set the value of my conversation, or the values of my con-versation, I didn’t really appreciate how pertinent these words would be here in September, the day after Labor Day, of 2018. So I want to draw your attention to what FDR said in the 1930s. He said: ‘‘The test of our progress is not wheth-er we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little.’’ I want to say that again, because this really should be our goal. It should be the principle value of our legislative process here. ‘‘The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little.’’ So, what to make of this. Yesterday was Labor Day, a tradition that goes back to the 1880s, when there was a real crisis, when there was child labor, where there were no workplace safety laws, where there was the advent of what became known as the robber bar-ons and the era of the golden few. Yesterday, Richard Trumka, the president of the AFL–CIO, wrote an op- ed laying down some thoughts that all of us ought to pay attention to. He said that working people are crying out for change that would bring about a polit-ical system that lifts up our voices, an economy that treats us fairly, and a so-ciety that values labor. He also said a few other things. He said: ‘‘For decades, corporate interests have been hell-bent on chipping away at our most fundamental rights and freedoms. They have corrupted our public institutions and rigged the econ-omy to work for the few at the expense of the many.’’ Well, it seems as though he may have been channeling FDR, and it wouldn’t surprise me that he would. In December, Congress passed and the President signed the largest tax scam in America’s history. Our friends on the Republican side sold the tax bill to the American public as relief for middle-income families. President Trump went further to say that work-ing families could expect a $4,000 to $7,000 raise due to the lowering of tax burdens on companies. I should repeat that: President Trump said that working families could expect a $4,000 to $7,000 raise due to the lowering tax burden on compa-nies and corporations. Hmm. Let’s test those words. Let’s test those words against what has happened since December of 2017 when the larg-est tax scam in the Nation’s history ac-tually passed. So, what have the work-ers of America found? The Bureau of Labor Statistics in the Department of Labor has shown that workers’ real wages, accounting for inflation, have decreased slightly since the signing of the tax bill. This means that the average work-er’s salary buys less today than it did before December 2017. By the way, that tax bill cost the Federal Treasury, that is, reduced the tax receipts to the Fed-eral Treasury, by nearly $2 trillion over the next decade. Well, not the next decade. We are now 9
1⁄4years ahead. Two trillion dollars. All that sold on the premise that the wages for working Americans would in-crease. No. Didn’t happen. Not likely to happen. There were some modest in-creases in wages, but they have been negated, wiped out, by rising inflation. Since the great recession of 2009 and ’10, there really was real wage growth, adjusted for inflation, every year until the current year. Now, undoubtedly, there are some here in Congress—and perhaps the President—who would point out that some corporations have actually used their windfall for em-ployee bonuses. Let’s just take a look at what that windfall is. Yes. Here it is. Well, I’m afraid this number is wrong. We now know it is actually going to be close to a $2 trillion reduction in taxes. So where is it going? Well, let’s see. Mr. Speaker, 83 percent of all of that near $2 trillion winds up in the hands of the top 1 percent and American cor-porations. Everyone else can share 17 percent of that number, $2 trillion. So, how many Americans saw a wind-fall as a result of the tax cut, as prom-ised by the President, the $4,000 to $7,000 bonus coming to you as a result of the tax bill? Well, there are 155 mil-lion employees in America, doing every conceivable kind of work, including some of the folks here in the dais be-hind me. Only 6.8 million of the 155 million ac-tually received wage increases or bo-nuses since the passage of the tax scam. Their 5.9 million employers, a very generous 411 of the 5.9 million em-ployers, provided their employees with a bonus or a significant wage increase. Publicly traded companies across America are spending 101 times more money on stock buybacks, $712 billion in the first 8 months of 2018, than em-ployee raises or bonuses, which are $7.1 billion. Shall I say that again? Prob-ably ought to. Publicly traded compa-nies have spent $712 billion on stock buybacks and $7.1 billion on bonuses and raises. Interesting. The New York Times reported on this on July 13, and the headlines read, ‘‘Paychecks Lag as Profits Soar, and Prices Erode Wage Gains. Corporate profits have rarely swept up a bigger share of the Nation’s wealth, and work-ers have rarely shared a smaller one.’’ I suppose, if I wanted to play econo-mist, I would put up something like this: How is corporate America spend-ing their tax cut, the Trump tax cut? Well, here you have—oh, this was April. This blue line, that was April. In April, corporate stock buybacks were $238 billion, in April of 2018. We are now in September. That was April. Mr. Speaker, $238 billion in stock buybacks, $6.5 billion for bonuses and wage increases. We are now in Sep-tember, 4 months later, and stock buybacks are $712 billion, a number that I said just a moment ago; and wages and bonuses have increased $7.1 billion. Half a trillion dollars. A half a trillion dollars of the stock of the tax cut has been spent, increased, from April to September. No doubt in everybody’s mind why the stock market is roaring ahead. There has been $712 billion spent on buying back stocks since January 1, 2018. That is three-quarters of a trillion dollars. No wonder the stock market is roaring ahead. Unfortunately, the wages of Americans have actually, in real dollars, declined. b2000 A few other things for those of you who like to play economist. You have to love these graphs. The employee pay as a share of the national income, in 1970, it was about, I don’t know, 66
1⁄2 percent of the total wealth of the total national income that was for wages. Here we are in 2018, and it has fallen to 62 percent. Well, how about corporate profits as a share of national income? Well, in 1970, it was down here around 9 percent of the total national income that was corporate profits. Here we are in 2018, and it is 13 percent. We would say that would be wonder-ful for corporations, if somehow that corporate wealth would actually be shared with employees. Now you can kind of understand why Mr. Trump was so agitated on Labor Day yesterday when he was talking about income inequality. There is one other way to see this, and let me put this up. This is cor-porate tax rate, individual and cor-porate income taxes as a percentage of all the Federal revenue. That is all the tax revenue the Federal Government collects. Well, let’s see, way back in 1934, about 10 percent. Both corporate and individuals paid about the same 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04SE7.060 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7815 September 4, 2018 
amount, and that went on until 1939, 1940, and then it began to shift. In that period of time, since the 1940s, early 1940s, until today, corporate taxes, as a share of the burden of taxes paid in America, has declined from 40 percent in 1939—that was the build up to World War II—to, well, somewhere down around 7.8 percent today. Pretty good for corporations. Pretty good for peo-ple who own stock. Who does own stock? Eighty-four percent of U.S.-traded stock is owned by the top 10 percent of Americans. Whoa, now that is an interesting sta-tistic. So the stock market roars as more and more of the tax cut is poured into stock buybacks, and the benefit goes to the top 10 percent of Americans. We ought to pay attention to that. Oh, by the way, individuals have con-tinued to pay more and more of the total burden of funding our Federal Government. All of this is a result of tax policy over time. So what are we going to do about this? Before I go to what we are going to do about it, let me just pick up one more thing. Do you remember all the talk about bringing American corpora-tions back to America, end the offshoring? Surely, you remember that. Well, I remember the talk here on the floor. The great tax bill is going to end the offshoring of American jobs. We are going to Make America Great Again. We are going to bring American cor-porations back home. Well, it didn’t happen. Why didn’t it happen? Well, because the way the law was written, there is actually greater incentive today to offshore jobs than there was prior to the great tax scam of December 2017. American corpora-tions can actually have a lower tax rate by offshoring, by investing off-shore. I am sure you remember the great ballyhoo about Harley-Davidson. They were concerned about the President’s tariffs and said that they were going to manufacture their motorcycles in Eu-rope as a result of the tariff on steel and aluminum. Well, there is another known issue about Harley-Davidson. They utilized the tax break given to American corporations for offshoring jobs to open a facility in Thailand after the tax bill was passed. They laid off 800 workers in their Kansas City facility and opened a new facility in Thailand. They not only did that, but what did they do for the re-maining workers in America? Well, if those workers happened to own Harley- Davidson stock, I suppose they did okay, because Harley-Davidson decided to spend $700 million to buy back 15 million shares. Interesting the way in which tax pol-icy actually works, to the benefit of whom? Hardworking American fami-lies? No. The top wealthy Americans? Yes. What did FDR have to say about all this? This isn’t ancient history. This is America today. This is America today, and we ought to pay attention to what FDR has said when he said American progress is not whether the wealthy do better, but, rather, whether the work-ing men and women of America, the poor, the people who are struggling to put food on their table, the people who are trying to get their kids an edu-cation, trying to deal with the ever-in-creasing cost of higher education, FDR said it very clearly when he said it is our test, that we are judged by what we do for those who have little. So here we are today. Here we are just days ahead of a new election in which this issue is going to address every American. This election is going to be about whether the policies so starkly laid out here in the tax legisla-tion, the policies of adjusting the American wealth so that those who have much get more versus those who are working day in and day out are struggling just to stay ahead and fail-ing to do so. There is a stark difference here in policy. Let there be no doubt that, for us, as we go into this election, we go into this election keeping firmly in mind that our task is to provide A Bet-ter Deal for the people, A Better Deal for the people of America. The wealthy have done fine. The top 10 percent are doing terrific. We are not against them, but we are for the people. We are for the working men and women of America who are trying to put food on their table, pay rent as housing prices soar, as rental rates go through the roof, working men and women in the families of America who are struggling every day just to keep up with inflation, and far too many not able to do so. Yes, there is no doubt that, in Amer-ica today, the unemployment rate has dropped. Yet, there are still millions of Americans who have not been able to get into the labor market, who have not been able to adjust to the changing economy of America, who are unable to have the skills to fit into that new economy, who are on the outside. But I will tell you this: We care about them. We think it is our respon-sibility to care about every American, not just the wealthy, as some do in this hall, but every working man and woman and for those not able to work. So we offer A Better Deal for the peo-ple, and I am just going to lay out four specific issues in the next remaining minutes. First of all, it is about healthcare. I came to this Congress in 2009 with the determination to work for a healthcare system that provided quality insurance for every American. We made a major step toward that, not because I arrived but because the American public was crying out for a quality health insur-ance program. Too many Americans were on the outside. Too many people were ex-cluded because they had a preexisting condition. Too many Americans couldn’t afford it, and more and more American companies were eliminating healthcare insurance as part of the benefits. So we, the Democrats, without one Republican vote, put forward the Af-fordable Care Act. And guess what? More than 20 million Americans within 3 years had insurance that wasn’t pre-viously available to them, and it was a good insurance policy. All the while, from January 2011 to this moment, our Republican col-leagues have been trying to reverse that progress. More than 60 different bills passed the House of Representa-tives in those years that would elimi-nate the basic health insurance for 27 million Americans. That was their policy. That is not ours. Our policy is to provide universal health insurance for every American. We have not given it up. We have seen erosion in the years with the new President who rails against insurance for everybody. And we see specific pro-grams put forward by our Republican colleagues to carve away protections for those Americans who have pre-existing conditions. How cruel is that? How wrong is that, that this Nation would set up a system that would remove the protection that has been in the law since 2010, the pro-tection that insurance companies can-not discriminate in the provision of in-surance because of preexisting condi-tions? What is a preexisting condition? For a young female, it is that she might get pregnant. Yes, they consider that a preexisting condition, being a female. You have high blood pressure? That is a preexisting condition. You had mea-sles or chickenpox in the past? That is a preexisting condition. It goes on and on and on. I know this issue. I was an insurance commissioner elected in California to protect Californians from the abuses of insurance companies, and I saw time after time after time insurance compa-nies discriminating, harming individ-uals, terminating their health insur-ance because they forgot to write down that they had chickenpox as a child. Now here we are in this era of Trump, this era where, once again, the majority and the President would im-pose upon Americans, once again, in-surance discrimination. You have a preexisting condition? Good luck. We are going to fight that. As we have seen the wages of Ameri-cans stagnate under the pressure of in-surance and the pressure of the tax scam, as we have seen that, we have also seen the inevitable increase in the cost of prescription drugs. Who does that hurt? The super wealthy? The 10 percenters who have done so well in the last year? Or does it hurt everyday working Americans? I will tell you this, it is our plan to put in place policies that would give the Federal Government the oppor-tunity to negotiate prices for prescrip-tion drugs so that Medicare and Med-icaid recipients don’t have to endure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04SE7.062 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7816 September 4, 2018 
the enormous out-of-pocket costs asso-ciated with that and to give other Americans who are not yet of that age the opportunity to be able to get their prescription drugs at a reasonable price just as the rest of the world, or at least that part of the world that has ad-vanced economies, is able to get. b2015 What about education? I was back home in my district, as were all the rest of us over this last month. How many times did I hear from parents whose children are about to graduate from high school, saying they can’t afford it, that they can’t af-ford to go to college. And if they do, they will be saddled with such student debt that they will never be able to buy a home. They will spend the first 10, 15 years of their postgraduate life paying off the student loans. This is not a small matter for Cali-fornians. This is not a small matter for citizens of every other State. It is an epidemic in America, the cost of higher education, the burden that is placed upon young men and women who are struggling to get an education, having to go out and get a student loan just to be able to continue, and then paying that off in the years ahead. It occurred to me somewhere along the way that, as I received the inevi-table mail about refinancing my home mortgage, maybe students ought to be able to refinance their student loan. But, oh, no, not in America. You can refinance your home mortgage, but you can’t refinance your student loan at a lower rate? That is wrong. So I, and others, have introduced leg-islation that would at least allow for a refinancing of student loans at a lower rate. But that is not enough. That is just one piece of a solution to a prob-lem that is endemic and an epidemic in America. We are going to spend $1 trillion in the next decade rebuilding every one of our nuclear bombs and our basic mech-anisms to deliver those bombs. What if we spent like one-tenth of that on al-lowing American children to get an education without being saddled with a student loan for the first 10 to 15 years of their postgraduate life, to be able to have a free community college edu-cation the first 2 years? Some States are trying to do that, New York among them. Why not the Federal Govern-ment? But, oh, no. The Secretary of Edu-cation is going exactly the other direc-tion, trying to eliminate the protec-tions that were put in place by the Obama administration to protect stu-dents from loan scams, from bogus edu-cation programs, such as the Trump real estate education program. Did I mention that loudly enough? Such as the Trump real estate program. So his Secretary of Education wants to allow him, when he terminates his career as President, to go back and re-build the scam that harmed thousands of Americans and, along with that, maybe many, many more. American families need to be con-cerned about what is going on here. For the people, are our policies for the people? I was traveling across California in my district, 200 miles one side to the other, the great Sacramento River Val-ley, more levees than anywhere in America, including Louisiana. The roads are filled with potholes. The lev-ees are in need of repair. The airports are crowded. We just heard a lot about that in the previous session. The bridges are collapsing, not just in Italy, here in America. I think we have some 60,000 bridges that are in need of serious repair. I noticed one of them across the river here in Wash-ington, D.C., under repair, and that is good for Washington, D.C. But what about, I don’t know, Missouri? What about our infrastructure? We have lead contamination in the communities of Michigan and other contamination in the water of cities in California. We have shore lines that are collapsing. We have water lines that are not working properly. American infrastructure was built decades ago and has not been repaired in the intervening years, and we have a $1 trillion backlog just to keep pace. Travel to Europe, travel to China, travel to other countries, Japan, and others, and you will see modern infra-structure, but not in America, not in America. So what are we going to do about it? I will tell you what we want to do about it on our side of the aisle. We want a real infrastructure program, not a bogus one like ones proposed ear-lier this year by our President, but a real, solid infrastructure program that has real money, that has the real op-portunity to be able to rebuild our ex-isting infrastructure to bring about what we have called for, for more than a decade: good repair of all of it, whether it is a water system, sanita-tion system, a levee, a highway, or an airport. That is what we want to do, and we want to build the infrastructure for to-morrow. We know that international trade is going to increase. Well, maybe not. Maybe I have to change that, given the trade war that is now underway, brought to us by the President. So we will see how it turns out. But right now, maybe we are not going to see an increase in inter-national trade as tariffs are imposed. But maybe that will pass, and we will get back to fair trade, real opportunity to grow our economy by trading inter-nationally. To do that, we are going to need better ports. We are going to need better infrastructure to move goods into and out of the ports. We need to have deeper ports. All of these are in-frastructure projects. How are we going to do it? Well, I suggest that we are going to do it with a real infrastructure program that has real money. If we were to go back to one of those charts I had there that showed the share of American corpora-tions, their share of the total tax reve-nues is declining, decade by decade, to the lowest level since the imposition of a corporate tax rate. We are going to try to retrieve some of the mistake that was made in the tax bill of December 2017, retrieve some of those incentives that were in the bill, replace those incentives with real legislation that encourages American corporations to bring those profits back into America. I bring to your attention a bill that Mr. L
LOYD DOGGETT of Texas has put forth, a bill that would terminate the unfair, unjustified provisions of the 2017 tax bill that encourages further in-vestment by American corporations overseas. Reverse that. Bring that money back home. If we were to pair that with another bill by Mr. D
ELANEY , we would see the opportunity for a real infrastructure program, setting up an infrastructure bond and banking program where we can use that money coming back into America from the kind of tax reform that Mr. D
OGGETT has put forth and Mr. D
ELANEY has put forth to build our infrastructure, having American cor-porations that enjoy the benefits of this Nation pay their fair share and not hide their profits overseas, as so many have done and will do even more be-cause of the tax program. A final point about our program, which we call A Better Deal for the People, America knows the level of corruption that is taking place here in our Nation. They hear it; they see it on television. There has never—well, ‘‘never’’ is a long time. In the memory of living Americans, there has never been such a corrupt administration as we have today: EPA Director; ques-tions raised about the Commerce Sec-retary; people resigning left, right, and center, just ahead of the cops; and, of course, the President. We need to pay attention to this. It erodes the foundation of our democ-racy. Campaign financing, Citizens United, is allowing secret, dark money to invade our election process. We don’t know the full extent of Rus-sian involvement. We know hacking. We know that they are out there using social media. We don’t know the full extent of foreign money coming into our election. We are not ever likely to know, under the current laws, because there is secret money allowed in our democratic process, eroding the very nature of our democracy. Maybe some of it is foreign. There is evidence that it is. Maybe—no, not maybe. We know about millions coming into the cam-paign. There is not a Member in this House of 435, less those who have left for var-ious issues of corruption, not one of us wakes up in the morning without con-cern that secret money, millions, will be dumped into their campaign in the 65 days, 62 days until the next election. We don’t know. We can’t know. It is out there. It is wandering around out 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04SE7.063 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7817 September 4, 2018 
there, millions upon millions of dark money, secret money. It could land on any of us. Given what I have been say-ing about the President, it may land on me. Fine, we will deal with that. This is a problem. It is a problem for America when that kind of money buys elections, buys candidates, buys Mem-bers of Congress and more. Citizens United and all the rest needs to go. We need to know who is financ-ing me, financing my colleagues here. We need to be able to report that so that the people can make up their minds what they want to do. I will give you one example, and then I think I have said enough for the night. There was an election in Cali-fornia a few years ago that had Pacific Gas and Electric, one of the major cor-porations, utilities—well, the largest in the Nation, trying to carve a special favor for itself, eliminating all com-petition. They got it on the ballot. They collected signatures, got it on the ballot. They were required, under California law, to disclose where the money came from in support of their campaign and all of the ads, all the television, all the written mailers and so forth paid for by PG&E. The opposition to this, which was basic citizen groups, said that this is wrong. There were editorials written. Maybe $20,000, $30,000 was spent oppos-ing PG&E’s effort. It went down 2–1 for one simple reason: PG&E was required to disclose that they were paying for the ads, and people go, whoa, whoa, wait a minute. So disclosure works. Unfortunately, Citizens United and a couple of other decisions have made it impossible for the American people to know who is financing Members of Con-gress, Senate, President, so forth. b2030 So, here we are. A better deal for the people, healthcare, infrastructure, jobs, wages, corruption. You are going to hear a lot about this. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ), who is joining me this evening. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , for yielding. I welcome Congressman G
ARAMENDI  back. Wouldn’t I know he would be on the floor the very first moments we get back here. How fortunate the citizens of California are to have elected him. I am very proud to stand with the gentleman this evening for A Better Deal for the American people. And be-cause it has been Labor Day week and we are celebrating Labor Day this week, I thought it important to link my remarks to his, and I will be very brief. As we celebrated Labor Day this week, we recall that it actually was de-clared Labor Day by a Republican president back in the 1890s. So this is an historic moment by any measure, but this past weekend, the President and Republican congressional leaders in this chamber chose to criticize, to vilify labor unions and their leaders, while the Republicans have failed to deliver on a living wage for America’s workers. Wages are stuck, while many in the top 1 percent get very handsome bo-nuses and pay increases. And the Trump administration is actually in-creasing, and the record shows, job out-sourcing, shipping out our jobs, by doling out, get ready for this, $50 bil-lion in new Federal contracts to com-panies that continue to close down fac-tories here and move them abroad. In fact, the President’s trade antics can’t hide the fact that with China—I remember how China feted him—can’t hide the fact that China is drowning us in imports and we can’t move an equal amount into that vast marketplace. The President actually tried to say he is renegotiating NAFTA, but it is funny that in that proposed agreement, he does end runs around the labor standards and living wage issues. More than 133,000 Americans have a certified trade-related job loss since this President took office, 133,000 peo-ple, and only 4 percent of the workers Congressman GARAMENDI talked about will receive an increase from the GOP’s big tax giveaway to the top 1 percent. So for most Americans, real wages are falling and the middle class is a dream for tens of millions of people who can’t seem to get there. Any pay raise people have earned is, in fact, now being eaten up, and I heard this at my meetings all across the district, as their costs of healthcare go up, the cost of medicine goes up, the cost of education for their family goes up. President Trump on Labor Day week-end announced that he is going to can-cel pay raises for 2 million Federal workers, people who work in Homeland Security, people in our air control tow-ers, people who are caring for the sick, people who are ministering to our vet-erans. How about that: cancel any cost of living. The pay increase is actually a cost- of-living increase. And for those that work in the capital city areas across our country, we know how expensive it is to live in these places. Americans’ labor history shaped the American economic dream and grew the middle class, which is what you and I want to get back to. And fol-lowing our 124th national Labor Day, the power and worth of hard work is worth fighting for, it is an earned sta-tus, and we must never diminish the value of hard work or, in fact, we will lose its value completely. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Con-gressman G
ARAMENDI for being here to-night. Americans deserve a Congress and a President that gives them A Bet-ter Deal and stands up for the true value of hard work for the people, al-ways for the people, especially when Labor Day has been celebrated for the 124th time in our Nation’s history, over a century and nearly a quarter. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman so very much. 124 Labor Days for the working men and women of America. We should keep that in mind, and certainly I know the gentlewoman will and I, and I am sure my colleagues, at least on the Demo-cratic side of the aisle, will also. Mr. Speaker, I want to end once again with FDR: ‘‘The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much, it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little.’’ Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
MICHAEL NGUYEN The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, before I begin, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the topic of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from California? There was no objection. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, we gather here this evening to demand the immediate re-lease of Michael Nguyen, an American citizen and Orange County resident, who has been detained by the Viet-namese government for nearly 2 months without cause. Michael, a loving husband and father of four, owns a small printing business and is actively involved in his commu-nity and church. He is a law-abiding citizen with no criminal record in the United States. Michael traveled to Vietnam on June 27, 2018, to visit family and friends. When he did not return home on July 16 as planned, his family grew worried and contacted my office. They learned through social media Michael had been imprisoned by the Vietnamese government. On July 31, the State Department was able to con-firm Michael’s detainment. We now know he has been imprisoned for allegedly violating Article 109 of the Vietnamese criminal code, activi-ties against the government. Article 109 is an arbitrary and vague charge the Vietnamese government often uses to justify baseless arrests. Michael could be held for months with-out formal charges as the Vietnamese government investigates. During this time, Michael will be de-nied access to an attorney or direct communication with his family. State Department officials are only allowed to visit Michael once a month. The Vietnamese government has re-fused repeated requests to provide my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04SE7.065 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7818 September 4, 2018 
office with evidence to substantiate Michael’s arrest. In a perversion of jus-tice, the Vietnamese legal system al-lows individuals like Michael to be ar-rested and languish in prison before its government even begins an investiga-tion or collects evidence. Michael’s detainment is only the most recent example of Vietnam’s troubling human rights record and lack of a transparent legal system. Earlier this year, the Vietnamese government unjustly detained William Nguyen, an American citizen of no re-lation to Michael. I am deeply concerned for Michael’s safety and well-being and I demand his immediate release. Mr. Speaker, I would like to com-mend the Nguyen family’s strength during this trying time. I am inspired by their love for Michael and deter-mination to bring him home. Michael’s wife, Helen, is a nurse, who works long hours with many emer-gency on-call days. Michael’s flexi-bility as a small business owner allows him to be the primary caregiver for their four young daughters. His absence is devastating the entire Nguyen family. This American family should not have to spend one more day worrying and wondering when Michael will return home. Michael’s story has touched many people. Several of my colleagues who have heard of Michael’s detainment have joined my fight to secure his re-lease. I am grateful for their support and their willingness to join tonight’s Special Order. We will not stop until Michael is re-turned home safely, and will continue to put ongoing, relentless pressure on the Vietnamese government. I am com-mitted to bringing Michael home so he may be reunited with his family, and will stop at nothing to make this hap-pen. Mr. Speaker, now it is my privilege to yield to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. R
OYCE ), a fellow Orange County resident and esteemed chair-man of the Foreign Affairs Committee. I yield to Congressman R
OYCE , rep-resenting the 39th District of Cali-fornia. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, let me begin by thanking the gen-tlewoman from California for yielding to me. And I do want to commend my colleague, M
IMIWALTERS , for orga-nizing this Special Order. I want to commend her for her tireless effort here for the release of her constituent by the name of Michael Nguyen, some-one whose family I happen to know. I rise today to request that the govern-ment of Vietnam release an American citizen. If I could just share with you my ob-servations about this situation. We are really speaking out on behalf of a U.S. citizen from Orange, California, who was detained, as the Congresswoman shared with you, on July 7. And what I wanted to share with you is he was touring Vietnam and visiting elderly relatives. I think it is a very commend-able thing that he does, that he stays in touch, he tries to do this once a year, to see his elderly relatives in Vietnam. We have been informed that he is under investigation for engaging in ac-tivity against the People’s govern-ment, which in this case is a spurious charge that the Vietnamese govern-ment is using to justify an arbitrary detention of a U.S. citizen. Now, this is an individual who is deeply missed by his wife and four daughters, the youngest of whom is only 8 years old. Michael’s family has seen their entire lives turned upside down because of this senseless ordeal. Now, as I shared with you, I know the family, I know his wife, Helen, who works in healthcare in Orange County, and I can tell you what she and the daughters would tell you: This fellow is a loving husband, a doting father. The kids really enjoy his sense of humor. He is the guy that gets up, and because of his schedule as a small businessman, he is able to make breakfast for the girls every morning. He enjoys taking them to school, to the dance classes, to the sports practices. As school begins again back here in the United States, it is usually a time of excitement, but also nervousness, for young students. So our hearts espe-cially go out to his four daughters, who are being forced to navigate the new school year without their father. While his family suffers without him at home, Michael remains detained in a Vietnamese prison. While in detention, he is provided only one meal a day and is allowed to buy a bowl of soup extra a day from the canteen. Michael is 54 years old. He cannot and should not be subjected to such treatment. It is really imperative that we speak out, because Michael could be detained for months on end. Some prisoners are held for years on these bogus charges. This situation is deplorable. Mi-chael’s case is an egregious example of Vietnam’s troubling history of arbi-trary arrest. My fear for Michael’s safety is the same fear that you have already heard Congresswoman MIMI W
ALTERS share with you. We do fear for his safety. We want him returned to his family here in the United States. The United States has a growing re-lationship with Vietnam, particularly in security and in the trade arenas. However, human rights remain a core value to us here in the United States, and we cannot separate rights, those rights, from our own ongoing engage-ment with the Vietnamese govern-ment. If you abuse our citizens, there will be consequences. All levels of the U.S. government should make every effort to ensure Mi-chael returns safely to his family with-out delay. So here again is my request: Just allow this citizen to return back to his family here in the United States. Mr. Speaker, I very much appreciate, again, Congresswoman M
IMIWALTERS  for organizing this Special Order today. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, I now introduce my friend from Orange County who serves on both the Veterans Affairs and Homeland Security Committees. I yield to the gentleman from California, Congressman LOUCORREA , representing California’s 46th Congressional Dis-trict. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman W
ALTERS for bringing this most important issue to the atten-tion of the American public. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as well to address the issue of Mr. Michael Phuong Nguyen, an American citizen and a resident of Orange County, who is currently being detained by the Viet-namese government. As Representative R
OYCE just said, we seem to be enjoying a stronger, closer relationship with Vietnam on trade and security. Then we have this contradiction, a contradiction that an American citizen is being detained. On July 7, Michael Phuong Nguyen was touring Vietnam, visiting rel-atives, and he was arrested. It has been almost 2 months. The charge is penal code 109, which is activity against the People’s government, yet there are no facts that have been presented, no evi-dence. He is being held. He has been ar-rested with no evidence being pre-sented. b2045 His wife and his family, they are also personal friends of mine. I know this family. They are strong members of our community. That is why I don’t understand how Michael could have been arrested in Vietnam. I ask the Government of Vietnam to please release Michael. Please release him back to his family and to his coun-try, the United States of America. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I would now like to wel-come Congressman A
LAN LOWENTHAL , the co-chair of the Congressional Cau-cus on Vietnam. I yield to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) of California’s 47th Congressional District. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, first, I, too, would like to thank my colleague, Representative W
ALTERS , for yielding and for holding this Special Order. I would also like to thank Rep-resentatives C
ORREA , ROYCE , LAMALFA , and G
REEN for joining us. Well, we are here once again, and I am outraged. We are speaking on be-half of another American citizen, and that is really important, an American citizen who was arbitrarily detained. He was imprisoned on vague allega-tions by the Communist Government of Vietnam. Let’s understand who we are talking about, as has been pointed out. Michael Nguyen is a father of four daughters. He was on a trip to Vietnam with his family—really, with his friends, not so much his family but friends. When he didn’t return home at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04SE7.067 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7819 September 4, 2018 
the end of the trip, his family fran-tically contacted officials. Let’s see what happened. He was taken off a bus, as he was traveling from the city of Da Nang to Saigon, by public security officials. He was then detained, imprisoned, and nei-ther his family, and what is also impor-tant, nor the United States Govern-ment were notified until after 10 days after he was arrested. As part of an agreement between the Government of Vietnam and the United States, the Vietnamese Government must notify the United States within 96 hours if they have arrested an Amer-ican citizen, which they have failed to do. Since then, we have learned very lit-tle about why Michael was detained. The government claims, the Viet-namese Government, that he posted on Facebook a plot to overthrow the gov-ernment, but they have not shown us any evidence that this occurred. I have also met with Michael’s fam-ily and his wife, Helen, and they are stunned. They are hurt. They are con-fused. They are angry. How could this happen to an American citizen who was just visiting Vietnam? As was pointed out, just a few months ago, another American visiting this country was wrongly detained and coerced into confessing his crime for merely engaging in a peaceful protest. And that, as we have heard, was Wil-liam Nguyen. He was beaten. He was placed in jail. He has been finally re-leased and returned to America be-cause the charges against him were also bogus. In part, he was released because a significant number of Members of Con-gress stood up and championed his cause. And, again, I thank Congress-woman W
ALTERS for leading that charge. That is exactly why we are here in Congress: to defend the rights of American citizens. Michael is yet another victim of Vietnam’s egregious human rights vio-lations. As was pointed out, we have engaged in economic development with Vietnam. We have a closer relationship economically with Vietnam, but they have consistently violated human rights of the citizens of Vietnam or anyone who speaks out, anyone who engages in religious freedom. They are an oppressive, prosecutorial society that does not allow any dissent. As one of the co-chairs of the Con-gressional Caucus on Vietnam, I joined with my colleagues of the caucus in support of the Vietnam Human Rights Act, which invokes sanctions per the Magnitsky Act, which not only im-poses financial and travel restrictions for human rights abusers, but it also calls upon the Vietnamese Government to release those political prisoners and to stop arresting citizens who just champion human rights, freedom, and democracy. This bill that we are pushing through Congress—and this will push us further toward accomplishing this goal—would also make the sale of military equip-ment or services to Vietnam condi-tional on improvement in human rights, and this is one of the classic ex-amples of the lack of human rights that goes on. So I call upon the Government of Vietnam to quickly close this case and return Michael Nguyen to his family. It is unconscionable that any American of Vietnamese descent or any Amer-ican who criticizes the Vietnamese Government—I am not saying that Mi-chael did, but anybody who speaks out, anyone—must fear that they are going to be arrested. If these incidents continue to occur, this is going to lead to a serious re-evaluation of our economic and diplo-matic relationships with Vietnam. I call upon the government to do the right thing. Michael was just visiting. He has done nothing wrong. Please release Mi-chael Nguyen back to the United States. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, my next colleague is an active member on the Natural Re-sources, Agriculture, and Transpor-tation and Infrastructure Committees. I yield to the gentleman from Cali-fornia, Congressman DOUG LAMALFA , representing California’s First Con-gressional District. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mrs. W
ALTERS from southern California, for leading the charge tonight on yet another example of a United States citizen being de-tained or arrested falsely. At this point, 59 days into the proc-ess, no actual charge has been brought against Michael Nguyen. Is this justice or is this some kind of game they are playing with our citizens that isn’t ap-preciated by our country and, certainly as my colleague, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , was mentioning just a minute ago, that is something that, if it continues to hap-pen, we have to continue to reevaluate our relationship with Vietnam? Now, obviously, we went through some very difficult times in the 1960s and 1970s, but we have been building on that for a long time. We want to build on that. We want to have those good relationships and good trade and all of the opportunities that make our coun-try, as well as theirs, stronger with positive economics. But that is very difficult when you have this kind of ac-tion going on against a United States citizen where, in this country, we enjoy due process; we foster due process; we encourage that. And so for those whom we trade with, those whom we have partnerships with, those whom we want to have relation-ships with, we want to not only encour-age that, but demand that, for the way our citizens are treated. In California, we have a very strong population of Vietnamese immigrants and people from the region who have immigrated to our State, including in my own district, who have been very enterprising and become part of the community in the few decades they have been here now. Why would we not want to continue to battle for these citizens if they are going to travel back to Vietnam for whatever purpose: tour-ism, business, or seeing relatives that maybe didn’t come over to the United States? So we are here tonight to demand the release of Michael Nguyen as a citizen of the United States and as a citizen of California. Michael’s family has been wondering for a long time what is going on with their loved one. It has taken weeks to find out through some kind of update as to what Michael’s status is. So we strongly, joining in with our bipartisan coalition of Members here tonight, demand General Secretary Trong and the Socialist Republic of Vietnam respect the rights of our citi-zens and consider again the con-sequences that might come should this illegal imprisonment continue or there be more like it in the future. So we will continue to work together with Congresswoman WALTERS and our Secretary Pompeo to ensure that Mi-chael is returned to his family as soon as possible because, again, he hasn’t even been charged with anything other than being a U.S. citizen in Vietnam. It is high time that he has his rights re-stored and not have this be harmful to him, his family, and our relationships. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, my next colleague proud-ly represents Michael Nguyen’s family members who live in the Houston area. I now yield to Congressman A
L G
REEN of Texas, who represents the Ninth Congressional District. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I rise tonight as a proud American. I am proud of the country’s due process laws. In this country, you don’t go to jail indefinitely. In this country, you don’t just get picked up. In this country, you are entitled to have a lawyer upon real-izing that you are being charged. I am proud to be an American. Tonight, I rise on a mission of mercy, understanding that one of our own, an American citizen, is being detained without charges, no lawyer, and little knowledge of what has happened to him. Imagine, if you will, Mr. Speaker, a wife anticipating her husband’s arrival. He is supposed to arrive at the airport with a friend on July 16. She finds out that her husband is not on the plane. She contacts the airline. They indicate that he was not among those to be on the plane. She then panics, as anyone would, and she uses every means necessary to try to ascertain what has happened to her husband. She finds out by way of social media that, on or about July 6, he was detained and that that deten-tion is something that she can get very little information about. She is upset. She and her children are upset. They don’t know what has hap-pened to this husband, this father. So 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04SE7.069 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7820 September 4, 2018 
they reach out to their congressional Representative—who has done an out-standing job, I might add. Congress-woman W
ALTERS immediately did that which is necessary to protect an Amer-ican citizen. She contacted the nec-essary authorities, contacted the Sec-retary of State, contacted the Ambas-sador, wanted to know what his condi-tion was, and wanted to know if he was in good health. She found out that he is okay, but has not been charged. Mr. Speaker, we, in this country, un-derstand that when one of us is being detained unjustly, every one of us has a responsibility to do what we can to get that person released. Any Amer-ican being held is something that every American is concerned about. Every Member of this House will take the position, I am confident, that an American being detained unjustly should be released immediately. So I rise tonight, Mr. Speaker, on a mission of mercy asking the Govern-ment of Vietnam to release this Amer-ican citizen. He has not been charged. He has no lawyer. He has friends and family who are waiting for his return. He was there as a visitor seeing friends. This is something that he has done on previous occasions. I ask that he be released so that he may be re-turned to his family. In this country, we protect our own. He is one of us, and we want him back. And we want him back right away. I commend all of my colleagues for what they have said tonight, and we will shine additional light on this issue. We will not rest until he comes home where he belongs. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, when I told Michael’s family I would be hosting this Special Order, I asked if there was any message they wanted me to share on their be-half. I would now like to read a per-sonal statement from the family. b2100 Michael Phuong Nguyen has been un-lawfully detained for over 60 days. He longs for the comfort of his family pro-foundly and deserves immediate atten-tion to return to the United States. Michael’s wife and four children ur-gently and desperately appeal to all Members of Congress, right now, to take actions to bring Michael Nguyen back home to his family where he be-longs. All four girls are experiencing heartfelt anxiety, affecting their school and emotional well-being. He plays a crucial role in his four daugh-ter’s livelihood and needs to be where his heart belongs, with his family. Our prayers are with Michael Nguyen’s family, and we want them to know we will do everything in our power to bring him home. Again, I thank my colleagues for joining me this evening to support my constituent Michael Nguyen. We will not stop working until Michael is re-leased and returned safely to his fam-ily. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague, Congress-woman M
IMIWALTERS , for her special order. It is a reminder again that Viet-nam has not lived up to the agreement they made in Paris to end the Vietnam war. They promised they would turn over remains. They promised they would give lists of our POWs and MIAs. They lied. They didn’t do that. They still have that information. In fact, there was one year I agreed with the national Chamber of Com-merce’s position on most everything, but I disagreed on a trade agreement with Vietnam because I could not vote to give some special deal to people who will not honor their agreements that lie about Americans dead and who were prisoners of war and missing in action and remains of which they know and have never disclosed. This is one more reminder that one thing we can do in this House is show courage and say we are not dealing with countries, no special deals at all, with countries that harm Americans. We need to protect our own. I am so glad that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle are calling at-tention to that fact, led by Congress-woman W
ALTERS . It is important to re-member. I hope and pray that we will do the right thing here in the House. I know the President has a heart for getting Americans back when they have been improperly detained, or, in some cases, when they have been properly detained, but especially if they are being mis-treated. Vietnam needs to wake up. And this House, the Senate, and the President need to make abundantly clear to Vietnam that, economically, we are going to come after you. You better let our people go. I also want to address a matter to-night. Having been a former judge, when I hear courageous judges stand up for the Constitution, or I read opinions wherein courageous, intelligent judges have taken a stand for the Constitu-tion, it warms my heart. It inspires and encourages me. I have heard many friends in the media who have given accolades to a Virginia Federal judge named T.S. Ellis—not T.S. Eliot, but T.S. Ellis— who is the judge who is handling the case involving Paul Manafort. This is from a May 4 article by Jeff Mordock. It says: ‘‘A Virginia Federal judge Friday blasted prosecutors from the Office of Special Counsel Robert Mueller, demanding to know how dec-ade-old bank and tax fraud allegations against former Trump campaign chair-man Paul Manafort’’—I think he was chair for about 100 days—‘‘could relate to Russian election interference,’’ which, of course, is 2016. ‘‘’You don’t really care about Mr. Manafort’s bank fraud,’ District Judge T.S. Ellis said during a morning hear-ing. Judge Ellis said prosecutors were interested in pressuring Mr. Manafort because he could provide information that would lead to President Donald Trump’s ‘prosecution or impeachment.’ ‘‘At times, Judge Ellis appeared frus-trated and even lost his temper with attorneys from Mr. Mueller’s team. He grilled them on how allegations against Mr. Manafort for activities’’— the copy I have ends there, but it says: ‘‘’How does bank fraud in 2005 or 2006 have anything to do with coordination with the Russian Government?’ Judge Ellis said. ‘What is really going on, it seems to me, is that this indictment is to put pressure on Mr. Manafort, but in and of itself has nothing to do with your appointment.’’’ ‘‘Judge Ellis appeared to agree with the defense, but did not issue an imme-diate decision. He repeatedly barraged prosecutors about their authority to pursue decade-old charges against Mr. Manafort. At one point, Judge Ellis asked how the Manafort case differed from the FBI raid on President Trump’s attorney Michael Cohen. The Cohen matter was referred by Mueller’s team to prosecutors with the Southern District of New York for investigation and possible prosecution. In contrast, the Manafort case is being handled di-rectly by Mr. Mueller’s officer. ‘‘He then appeared to guess the pros-ecutor’s answer, saying the Cohen in-vestigation did not ‘further our core ef-fort to get Trump.’ ‘‘Later, Judge Ellis summarized pros-ecutor Michael Dreeben’s argument as, ‘We said what this investigation was about, but we are not bound by it, and we were lying.’ He then looked at Mr. Dreeben and said, ‘C’mon man,’ ref-erencing a catchphrase from ESPN’s NFL pregame show.’’ Further down: ‘‘At issue in the memo is the definition of ‘arise.’ The order gives the special counsel the authority to investigate any matters that ‘may arise directly from the investigation.’ But prosecutors admitted Friday that the Manafort probe had been ongoing by the Department of Justice before Mr. Mueller was appointed special counsel. Mr. Dreeben said the charges against Mr. Manafort came because they had to ‘follow the money’ to dis-cover Mr. Manafort’s financial records and ties to Russia through his lobbying work in the Ukraine. The comments provoked a sharp rebuke from Judge Ellis. ‘It didn’t lead to that,’ he said of the Manafort charges and Russia probe. ‘It was given to you by the Department of Justice.’’’ Well, that sounds like a courageous judge, Judge T.S. Ellis. It sounds like a judge who calls them as he sees them. But, as the saying goes, where the rub-ber meets the road, his courage, his constitutional conviction, took a back seat to convenience. So he got accolades for calling out the Mueller investigation for exactly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04SE7.070 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7821 September 4, 2018 
what it is. It is unconstitutional. Mueller has taken an investigation. He was not appointed by the President. He was not appointed by the Attorney General. He was picked by the same guy who was involved in the Russia in-vestigation of Russia’s effort to get uranium. He hired another lawyer named Weissmann who was involved in that investigation. They have all kinds of ties together. They have all kinds of reasons to cover for each other. But the fact that Rosenstein is Dep-uty Attorney General, the fact that he wrote a memo saying fire Comey and the President acts on that memo and fires Comey based on Rosenstein’s rec-ommendation, or with his rec-ommendation, and then Rosenstein uses the President’s action in accord-ance with Rosenstein’s memo to say that probably was obstructing justice, we need a special counsel. Are you kid-ding me? There has been a failure of justice and of the justice system. Federal Dis-trict Judge T.S. Ellis saw that, and he commented on it. When he had the chance to use the Constitution and say enough already, justice has run amok, and Paul Manafort, probably guilty of some of the things charged here, if not all of them, but you are not the one au-thorized to prosecute. The DOJ already had this investiga-tion. It did not arise because of the spe-cial counsel. But the special counsel took it over, showing, again, his lack of integrity, as well as that of Mr. Weissmann. They had limitless, basi-cally, authority given to them, which is unconstitutional. And Judge Ellis, in his opinion, where he ran away from his courageous words in May, said, in part, in his opin-ion, ‘‘The intended purpose’’—and he does a good account of the 1978 law cre-ating special counsels. He said, ‘‘The intended purpose of the 1978 act was to create a mechanism for the investigation and prosecution of high-ranking government officials. ‘‘In 1988, the Supreme Court upheld the constitutionality of the 1978 act de-spite substantial separation of powers challenges,’’ which, by the way, just because one Supreme Court says one thing, they are not 100 percent right all the time. That is why they reverse themselves frequently. But, as he pointed out, ‘‘Congress re-authorized the 1978 act for the final time in 1994. It is important to note that despite the fact that Morrison’’— the case that took this up—‘‘was de-cided 7–1, Justice Scalia’s dissent pre-sented a compelling and powerful argu-ment against the constitutionality of the 1978 act. Beginning with an elo-quent description of the Founders’ mo-tivations in enshrining separation of powers principles in the Constitution, Justice Scalia’s dissent went on to de-scribe the ways in which the 1978 act infringed upon executive power.’’ And this is from that dissent from Justice Scalia, a great man, a funny guy, a great sense of humor, but bril-liant intellect, and I miss him very much. Justice Scalia said the inde-pendent counsel’s investigation was commenced, not necessarily because the President or his authorized subor-dinates believe it is in the interest of the United States, in the sense that it warrants the diversion of resources from other efforts and is worth the cost in money and in possible damage to other governmental interests, and not even, leaving aside those normally con-sidered factors, because the President or his authorized subordinates nec-essarily believe that an investigation is likely to unearth a violation worth prosecuting, but only because the At-torney General cannot affirm, as Con-gress demands, that there are no rea-sonable grounds to believe that further investigation is warranted. b2115 The decisions regarding the scope of that further investigation, its dura-tion, and, finally, whether or not pros-ecution should ensue are, likewise, be-yond the control of the President and his subordinates. But he goes on, quoting Justice Scalia: ‘‘If to describe this case is not to decide it, the concept of a govern-ment of separate and coordinate pow-ers no longer has meaning’’ because ‘‘it is ultimately irrelevant how much the statute reduces Presidential control.’’ Of course, any impingement on Presi-dential control over the executive branch was unconstitutional. Justice Scalia also noted significant appoint-ments clause problems with the ‘78 act, arguing the independent counsel was not an inferior officer because neither the President nor the Attorney General could remove the independent counsel. Ultimately, however, Chief Justice Rehnquist and the other Justices in-volved in the case were not of the same mind as Justice Scalia. The Court ruled seven to one that the ‘78 act passed constitutional muster, even though I would submit, parentheti-cally, it really didn’t, but including the appointments clause. In 1999, through a bipartisan con-sensus, Congress agreed to allow the ‘94 Reauthorization Act to expire. Law-makers at that time concluded the ‘94 Reauthorization was seriously flawed in several important respects, as expe-rience had shown. Both Republicans and Democrats had come to the conclusion that, in prac-tice, the 1994 Reauthorization Act and its predecessors had become more often a political weapon to be unleashed in the ongoing—indeed, escalating—cul-ture wars, than a tool for ferreting out and prosecuting crimes ostensibly com-mitted by high-ranking government of-ficials. Later, in ‘99, the DOJ, acting pursu-ant to distinct statutory authority, promulgated regulations ‘‘to replace the procedures set out in the Inde-pendent Counsel Reauthorization Act of 1994.’’ Thus, to provide a special counsel with a large budget and tell him or her to find crimes allows a special counsel to pursue his or her targets without the usual time and budget constraints facing ordinary prosecutors, encour-aging substantial elements of the pub-lic to conclude that the special counsel is being deployed as a political weapon. Furthermore, although the regula-tions required the Attorney General to provide a special counsel with a factual statement of the matters to be inves-tigated, notably missing from the regu-lation is any requirement the Attorney General specify any particular crime or statutes that are believed to have been violated. He goes on in his opinion, I think, 31 pages, but he also comments, given the investigation’s focus—he is talking about Mueller’s—on President Trump’s campaign, even a blind person can see that the true target of the special counsel investigation was President Trump, not the defendant. Further, he says the wisdom of allow-ing all links between individuals asso-ciated with President Trump’s cam-paign and the Russian Government to be subject to investigation, irrespec-tive of how stale those connections might be, is seriously in doubt. Nevertheless, he says that the grant of investigatory authority is written broadly and does capture the connec-tions at issue in this case, which Judge Ellison already talked about. It was too broad. When you look at the people Mueller has hired, not content to have hired what, 17 lawyers—two of them left re-cently, as I understand it—he went looking for somebody else who hated Trump as much as he did and Weissmann did and was successful. Ap-parently, the two who left didn’t hate the President as much as Mueller wanted them to, which is one of the flaws in having someone so unaccount-able—unaccountable because they an-swer to a man who is in—well, it is an old word where I come from—cahoots with Mueller, Weissmann, and the original Russia investigation that let Russia end up with 20-plus percent of our uranium, knowing they were ac-quiring it illegally. The Obama council on foreign invest-ments in the U.S. voted to let them go, well, sure, because Mueller, Rosen-stein, and Weissmann made sure that their guy behind the scenes wasn’t talking. They kept the information quiet about Russia’s illegal actions, and, gee, that ended up leading to $145 million in contributions to the Clinton Foundation. A lot of money changed hands. Pay to play, some people call it. We know for certain that Hillary Clinton’s private server was hacked, and the fact that the current FBI Di-rector, Director Wray, would allow a statement to go out last week fraudu-lently deceptive says the FBI has not cleaned itself up yet. Yes, there have been some people fired, some people de-moted, and some people moved over, but it is still fraudulently deceptive and dishonoring the hard, honest work 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04SE7.072 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7822 September 4, 2018 
of thousands and thousands of FBI agents across this country. The intel community Inspector Gen-eral and his investigators learned that Hillary Clinton’s private server was, in fact, 100 percent certainty, hacked. It was reported by Richard Pollock. I know who hacked, I know where the information went, and I can’t dispute what Richard Pollock wrote last week. He said that Chinese intel were getting every one of Hillary Clinton’s mes-sages, including some of our most sen-sitive classified information. Now, I didn’t remember the story from November 6 of 2016, but I saw it recently, and it pointed out that Hil-lary Clinton was not only exposing our Nation’s secrets and those who worked secretly for our Federal Government around the world; she was exposing people to extreme danger and potential loss of life through her unsecured, ille-gal, and, it turns out, criminal use of that server, not to mention the ob-struction of justice when she got a sub-poena and had the information sought destroyed. But the good thing for her was that her friends controlled the Justice De-partment. They hated Donald Trump, and they were going to do everything they could to help her get elected. That is why I knew Peter Strzok was lying when I asked him about the investi-gator of the intel community, IG Frank Rucker, coming to him and Dean Chapelle and telling them: We now know for certain China has hacked all of Hillary Clinton’s emails coming in and going out and gave them spe-cifics. We know Peter Strzok. We know from his texts from all he was doing, he was doing everything he could to pro-tect Hillary Clinton from criminal prosecution and to help her defeat who-ever the Republican would be, and es-pecially Donald Trump. So it was cer-tainly a lie when he says: Yeah, I re-member Frank Rucker coming over and briefing; I don’t remember what he briefed about. He does remember what he briefed about because, when he heard those searing words that Hillary Clinton’s server has been, for certain, hacked, he knew there was a problem, and he cov-ered it up. It takes courage to clean up a dirty justice system, especially when the dirt is at the very top. I was broken-hearted to read the words in Judge Ellis’ opinion, a man who is clearly very intelligent, stays on top of the law, saw wrongdoing, saw impropriety, and I would compare him—I am tempt-ed to compare him, but I won’t com-pare him to Pontius Pilate because then some liberal would say: That means Gohmert is saying Manafort is Jesus, and I certainly am never going to say that. I know Jesus. Jesus is a friend of mine. He is my savior, and I can prom-ise you, Paul Manafort is no Jesus. But the action of a judge saying ‘‘I see a problem with your prosecution here’’ and then refusing to use the power within his control to right the wrongdoing of a justice system, and in this case the unconstitutionality, de-fies the judge’s own words when he says: 
Let us hope the people in charge of this prosecution, including the special counsel and the Assistant Attorney General, are such people. 
Because just before, he had said: 
The case is a reminder, ultimately, that our system of checks and balances and limi-tations on each branch’s powers, although exquisitely designed, ultimately works only if people of virtue, sensitivity, courage, not affected by the winds of public opinion, choose to work within the confines of the law. 
Then he says: 
Let us hope the people in charge of the prosecution, including the special counsel and the Assistant Attorney General, are such people. 
I can tell you, Mr. Speaker, they are not. The judge says: 
Although this case shall continue. 
That is heartbreaking. The former judge and Chief Justice, you want peo-ple who are in judicial positions to have the courage to do the right thing. These people in charge of a runaway prosecution are attempting to commit a coup d’etat. They are engaged in a civil war to take down a President, the origins of which operation were fraudu-lent and were paid for by Hillary Clin-ton and the Democratic Party. What has happened to the Depart-ment of Justice at the top and the FBI at the top is heartbreaking to people who have spent their lives dedicated to truth, justice, and our American con-stitution. It turns out Judge Ellis—brilliant, knowing—intentionally walked away from his responsibility and did not show himself to be a person of virtue, sensitivity, and courage not affected by the winds of public opinion. That is a tragedy. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 29 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, September 5, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
6094. A letter from the Director, Office of Management and Budget, Executive Office of The President, transmitting the Office’s Se-questration Update Report to the President and Congress for Fiscal Year 2019, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 904(e); Public Law 99-177, Sec. 254(e) (as amended Public Law 112-25, Sec. 103); (125 Stat. 246); to the Committee on Ap-propriations. 6095. A letter from the Counsel, Legal Divi-sion, Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion, transmitting the Bureau’s final rule — Amendment to the Annual Privacy Notice Requirement Under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (Regulation P) [Docket No.: CFPB-2016- 0032] (RIN: 3170-AA60) received August 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 6096. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Securities and Exchange Commission, trans-mitting the Commission’s final rule — Dis-closure Update and Simplification [Release No.: 33-10532; 34-83875; IC-33203; File No.: S7- 15-16] (RIN: 3235-AL82) received August 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 6097. A letter from the Secretary, Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Amendments to Municipal Securities Disclosure [Release No.: 34-83885; File No.: S7-01-17] (RIN: 3235- AL97) received August 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 6098. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the FY 2017 Report on the Preventive Medicine and Pub-lic Health Training Grant Program, pursu-ant to 42 U.S.C. 295c(d); July 1, 1944, ch. 373, title VII, Sec. 768(d) (as amended by Public Law 111-148, Sec. 10501(m)); (124 Stat. 1002); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6099. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Report on the Tenth Review of the Backlog of Post-marketing Requirements and Commitments, pursuant to 21 U.S.C. 355(k)(5)(B); June 25, 1938, ch. 675, Sec. 505(k)(5)(B) (as added by Public Law 110-85, Sec. 921); (121 Stat. 962); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6100. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the FY 2017 Report to Congress on the Nurse Education, Practice, Quality and Retention Programs, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 296p-1(e); July 1, 1944, ch. 373, title VIII, Sec. 831A(e) (as amended by Public Law 111-148, Sec. 5309(b)); (124 Stat. 630); to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 6101. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — LPTV, TV Translator, and FM Broad-cast Station Reimbursement [MB Docket No.: 18-214]; Expanding the Economic and In-novation Opportunities of Spectrum Through Incentive Auctions [GN Docket No.: 12-268] received August 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6102. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to persons who commit, threaten to commit, or support terrorism that was declared in Executive Order 13224 of September 23, 2001, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 6103. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Libya that was de-clared in Executive Order 13566 of February 25, 2011, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04SE7.074 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7823 September 4, 2018 
Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6104. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report in accordance with section 549 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6105. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting notification that the Depart-ment of State authorized danger pay for em-ployees of the FBI pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 5928 and Sec. 131 of the Department of State Au-thorization Act, Fiscal Years 1984 and 1985 (Public Law 98-164); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6106. A letter from the Auditor, Office of the District of Columbia Auditor, transmit-ting a final report entitled, ‘‘Certification of Fiscal Year 2018 Total Local Source General Fund Revenue Estimate (Net of Dedicated Taxes) in Support of the District’s Issuance of General Obligation Commercial Paper Bond Anticipation Notes (Series 2018A)’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 455(d); (87 Stat. 803); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6107. A letter from the Auditor, Office of the District of Columbia Auditor, transmit-ting a final report entitled, ‘‘The District’s Worksite Parking Program Treats Employ-ees Inequitably and Could Increase Rev-enue’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 455(d); (87 Stat. 803); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6108. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, Department of Transportation, transmitting a notification of a nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 6109. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Department of Transportation, transmitting a notification of a discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 6110. A letter from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Federal Acquisition Regulation; Paid Sick Leave for Federal Contractors [FAC 2005-100; FAR Case 2017-001, Item I; Docket No.: 2017-0001; Se-quence No.: 1] (RIN: 9000-AN27) received Au-gust 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6111. A letter from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Federal Acquisition Regulation; Technical Amend-ments [FAC 2005-100; Item III; Docket No.: 2018-0002; Sequence No.: 1] received August 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 6112. A letter from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Federal Acquisition Regulation: Non-Retaliation for Disclosure of Compensation Information [FAC 2005-100; FAR Case 2016-007; Item II; Docket No. 2016-0007; Sequence No. 1] (RIN: 9000-AN10) received August 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6113. A letter from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s small entity compli-ance guide — Federal Acquisition Regula-tion: Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-100 [Docket No.: FAR 2018-0001, Sequence No.: 4] received August 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6114. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Ben-efit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Benefits Payable in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Inter-est Assumptions for Paying Benefits received August 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6115. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Sablefish in the Ber-ing Sea Subarea of the Bering Sea and Aleu-tian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 170817779-8161-02] (RIN: 0648-XG161) received August 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 6116. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Catcher Vessels Less Than 50 Feet Length Overall Using Hook-and-Line Gear in the Central Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alas-ka [Docket No.: 160920866-7167-02] (RIN: 0648- XF892) received August 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 6117. A letter from the Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Several Groundfish Species in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area [Docket No.: 161020985-7181-02] (RIN: 0648-XF702) received August 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 6118. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pa-cific Cod in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Is-lands Management Area [Docket No.: 161020985-7181-02] (RIN: 0648-XF859) received August 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 6119. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Inseason Adjustment to the 2018 Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Pollock, Atka Mackerel, and Pacific Cod Total Allowable Catch Amounts [Docket No.: 161020985-7181-02] (RIN: 0648-XF866) received August 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 6120. A letter from the Ombudsman, En-ergy Employees Compensation Program, De-partment of Labor, transmitting the 2016 An-nual Report of the Ombudsman for the En-ergy Employees Occupational Illness Com-pensation Program, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 7385s-15(e)(1); Public Law 106-398, Sec. 1 (as amended by Public Law 108-375, Sec. 3161); (118 Stat. 2185); to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 6121. A letter from the Secretary, Judicial Conference of the United States, transmit-ting the Report of the Proceedings of the Ju-dicial Conference of the United States for the March 2018 session; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 6122. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Administration for Children and Fam-ilies, Department of Health and Human Serv-ices, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Adoption and Foster Care Analysis and Reporting System (RIN: 0970-AC76) re-ceived August 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. M CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 6265. A bill to ensure that only travelers who are members of a trusted trav-eler program use Transportation Security Administration security screening lanes des-ignated for trusted travelers, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–912). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 6374. A bill to require the De-partment of Homeland Security to stream-line Federal Contractor fitness determina-tions, and for other purposes; with an amend-ment (Rept. 115–913). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 6400. A bill to require the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to conduct a threat and operational analysis of ports of entry, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–914, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 6447. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to establish the po-sition of Chief Data Officer of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–915). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 6459. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to require a strat-egy to diversify the technology stakeholder marketplace regarding the acquisition by the Transportation Security Administration of security screening technologies, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–916). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 6461. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to establish in the Transportation Security Administration a National Deployment Office, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–917). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 5869. A bill to require the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to conduct a maritime border threat analysis, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–918). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L04SE7.000 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7824 September 4, 2018 
Ms. CHENEY: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 1049. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1635) to amend the loan counseling requirements under the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4606) to provide that applica-tions under the Natural Gas Act for the im-portation or exportation of small volumes of natural gas shall be granted without modi-fication or delay (Rept. 115–919). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 6696. A bill to extend the temporary protected status of certain nationals of for-eign states designated under section 244 of the Immigration and Nationality Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee: H.R. 6697. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, relating to sentencing of armed career criminals; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. ADAMS (for herself and Ms. C
LARKE of New York): H.R. 6698. A bill to support States in their work to end preventable morbidity and mor-tality in maternity care by using evidence- based quality improvement to protect the health of mothers during pregnancy, child-birth, and in the postpartum period and to reduce neonatal and infant mortality, to eliminate racial disparities in maternal health outcomes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. BUSTOS: H.R. 6699. A bill to offset retaliatory duties against the United States by establishing a fund to promote the exports of United States agricultural commodities and products; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. MAST: H.R. 6700. A bill to modify the project for Central and Southern Florida to include pub-lic health and safety considerations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself and Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ): H.R. 6701. A bill to require the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to improve services for survivors of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, or stalking; to the Committee on Financial Services. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 6696. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 states that ‘‘Congress shall have the power to establish an uniform rule of naturalization. By Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee: H.R. 6697. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8, the Necessary and Proper Clause. Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers and all Powers vested by this Constitution in the Govern-ment of the United States, or in any Depart-ment or Officer thereof. By Ms. ADAMS: H.R. 6698. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mrs. BUSTOS: H.R. 6699. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MAST: H.R. 6700. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Necessary and Proper Clause in Arti-cle I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 6701. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution which states that Congress has the power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 19: Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. M ITCHELL , Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Ms. D EGETTE , and Mr. N
EAL. H.R. 233: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland and Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H.R. 303: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 459: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 792: Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 909: Mr. H
ULTGREN . H.R. 1022: Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 1223: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 1322: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 1378: Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. C LEAVER , and Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 1542: Mr. P
ETERS and Mr. D EUTCH . H.R. 1635: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mrs. W
AGNER , and Mr. Y ODER . H.R. 1651: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 1661: Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 1734: Mr. R
OSKAM . H.R. 1820: Mr. M
OULTON and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 1823: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 1847: Mr. H
ULTGREN . H.R. 1874: Mrs. B
EATTY , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 1904: Mr. S
ARBANES . H.R. 2161: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 2260: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 2310: Mr. L
AHOODand Mr. S MUCKER . H.R. 2327: Mr. P
ANETTA and Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT . H.R. 2472: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 2598: Ms. M
OORE and Mr. C URBELO of Florida. H.R. 2790: Mr. V
ELA. H.R. 2906: Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , and Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 3207: Mr. B
ERA, Mr. S CHRADER , and Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 3303: Mr. TAYLOR . H.R. 3325: Mr. Y
ODER . H.R. 3533: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 3670: Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 3733: Mr. T
AYLOR . H.R. 3798: Mr. H
ILL. H.R. 3931: Mr. L
OBIONDO . H.R. 3981: Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 4022: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 4099: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 4107: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. G
AETZ , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. R OSEN , and Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 4116: Mr. T
AKANO and Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California. H.R. 4117: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia. H.R. 4142: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 4202: Mr. L
IPINSKI and Mrs. D EMINGS . H.R. 4222: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 4297: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 4459: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 4733: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 4775: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 4808: Mr. T
AYLOR . H.R. 4815: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 4897: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 4898: Mrs. D
EMINGS . H.R. 4973: Mr. C
LEAVER . H.R. 5062: Mr. R
OSKAM . H.R. 5241: Mr. F
OSTER and Mr. G ENEGREEN  of Texas. H.R. 5270: Mr. B
OST. H.R. 5282: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. B
LUM. H.R. 5365: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 5460: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5533: Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. E
SHOO , and Mr. M CEACHIN . H.R. 5551: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 5588: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 5671: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 5732: Mr. W
ILLIAMS . H.R. 5761: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER and Ms. R OSEN . H.R. 5787: Mr. M
AST. H.R. 5922: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 5942: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 6014: Mr. C
OSTA . H.R. 6037: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 6064: Mr. K
INGof New York, Miss R ICE of New York, Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. M ENG, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. N
ADLER , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. E NGEL , Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. F
ASO, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. S TEFANIK , Ms. T
ENNEY , Mr. R EED, Mr. K ATKO , and Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H.R. 6079: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan and Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 6114: Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. C RIST, and Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 6142: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 6143: Mr. S
ARBANES , Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. K
HANNA , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. G
RIJALVA , and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 6144: Mr. S
ARBANES , Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. K
HANNA , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. G
RIJALVA , and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 6178: Mr. W
OMACK and Mr. H ILL. H.R. 6193: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. T
ONKO , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, and Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 6246: Mr. C
RIST and Mr. P OSEY . H.R. 6267: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 6277: Mr. R
EED. H.R. 6358: Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. P
ETERS , and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 6392: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04SE7.009 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7825 September 4, 2018 
H.R. 6406: Mr. F ASO. H.R. 6417: Mr. W
ALDEN , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. H
ARPER , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. C
ARTER of Texas, and Mr. H ILL. H.R. 6421: Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Flor- ida. H.R. 6444: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 6485: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 6510: Mr. V
ALADAO , Mr. N EAL, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. G AETZ , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mrs. D
EMINGS , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. R OYCE of California, Mr. R
OSS, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. S IRES, Mr. C RIST, Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. G OMEZ , and Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 6517: Mr. F
ASOand Mr. S EANPATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York. H.R. 6527: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 6551: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 6561: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida and Mr. L
OBIONDO . H.R. 6578: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia and Ms. P
LASKETT . H.R. 6629: Ms. C
LARKE of New York and Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 6631: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 6636: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 6644: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 6649: Mr. C
ONNOLLY and Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 6665: Ms. P
LASKETT . H.R. 6680: Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 6681: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 6690: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. S HIMKUS , and Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 6692: Mr. V
ELA and Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. H. Con. Res. 13: Mr. A
RRINGTON . H. Con. Res. 28: Mr. H
ECK. H. Con. Res. 72: Mr. COLLINS of Georgia and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H. Res. 199: Mr. H
ILL. H. Res. 413: Mr. G
OODLATTE . H. Res. 624: Mr. G
AETZ . H. Res. 673: Mr. M
ITCHELL , Mr. C OOPER , and Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H. Res. 751: Mr. V
EASEY . H. Res. 766: Mr. V
ALADAO . H. Res. 864: Mr. C
LEAVER , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. O’R
OURKE , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. W
OODALL , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, and Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H. Res. 910: Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. J
AYAPAL , and Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. H. Res. 967: Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mrs. H ARTZLER , and Ms. T
ENNEY . H. Res. 1022: Mr. S
TIVERS . H. Res. 1031: Mr. K
ILMER , Mrs. D EMINGS , Ms. D
EGETTE , and Mr. C OURTNEY . H. Res. 1036: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H. Res. 1045: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMS. FOXX The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Education and the Work-force in H.R. 1635, Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act, do not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. OFFERED BYMS. FOXX The provisions in the amendment offered by Rep. S
TEFANIK to H.R. 1635, Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Coun-seling Act, do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. The amendment to be offered by Rep-resentative P
ALLONE (NJ) or a designee to H.R. 4606, the Ensuring Small Scale LNG Certainty and Access Act, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
120. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the Mayor and City Council of Gautier, Mis-sissippi, relative to Resolution Number 043- 2018, requesting the Mississippi legislature to amend the applicable sales tax laws and use tax laws to provide that 18.5 percent of the sales tax collected from internet interstate sales shall be paid to the municipalities as currently provided for in-state sales; and for related purposes; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04SE7.018 H04SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6011 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 2018 No. 146 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable R
ON J
OHNSON , a Senator from the State of Wisconsin. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Gracious God, thank You for the gift of Yourself and for teaching us how to live and serve. Forgive us when we take Your grace for granted. Forgive us also when we fail to treat others as we ourselves desire to be treated. Lord, transform our lawmakers into instruments of Your glory, enabling them to strengthen our Nation and world. Remind them that fierce winds bring no anxiety to those who keep their eyes on You. Imbue them with Your wisdom, that they may know the road to take. Sustain them in all of their endeavors, keeping them from stumbling or slipping. Carve tunnels of hope through mountains of despair, and let Your peace reside in their hearts. We pray in Your mighty Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The legislative clerk read the fol-lowing letter: U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, September 4, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable R
ONJOHNSON , a Sen- ator from the State of Wisconsin, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. JOHNSON thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tem-pore. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. The Senator from Iowa. 
f 
REMEMBERING JOHN M CCAIN Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, today I rise to honor a dear friend of the Sen-ate and a dear friend to me. This week-end many of us had the honor of join-ing the family of John Sidney McCain III as we walked through his life and shared memories of such a wonderful man, a true patriot, an American hero, a wonderful Senator, a father, and a wonderful friend. The first time I met Senator McCain was in 2014, and he was larger than life. I was engaged in my primary for the Senate, and I had the opportunity to visit Washington, DC, and sit down with Senator McCain in his office and visited and talked with him about what it was like to be a U.S. Senator. Immediately, I felt that bond with John McCain as a fellow veteran. It was one thing that he was truly inter-ested in. He had been through the po-litical stuff with a lot of other folks running for the Senate—what it is like to engage in a campaign. That is all good and fine, but what he really took an interest in was my experience in the war in Iraq. He asked me about my service. I talked to him about the Na-tional Guard—all of those things he truly understood and connected with. He really enjoyed that aspect of our discussion. It was that first meeting—again, meeting with somebody that to me was larger than life, someone who truly had served his country—and we felt that connection. The months progressed, and I got through the primary campaign and moved on into the general election cycle. During that time, a number of Senators came to Iowa. They would hop on my bus, which we fondly called the ‘‘squeal mobile,’’ and we would travel around the State of Iowa. John McCain is so well known for his codels, or his congressional delegation visits to other countries. I have heard many of my colleagues refer to those codels as the ‘‘McCain death marches’’ because he is going from sunup to sun-down—no resting, no stopping. He was visiting with world leaders all over, furthering our American interests. My bus tour was a lot like that in the fall of 2014. John graciously agreed to come out and spend a day on the road with me in the ‘‘squeal mobile.’’ That day we were doing eight different events in eight different counties in Iowa. We were going from sunup, lit-erally, to sundown, and we were trav-eling in this big RV. I remember having a conversation with him. We were sitting at a little table. I was facing the rear of the bus. He was facing the front. It was late at night. It was dark. The sun had already gone down. We were approaching Bloomfield, IA, which was the last stop for the day. All of a sudden and out of nowhere, as we were having this con-versation, boom, and we hit something. The bus did. John McCain, in true John McCainism, said: What the ‘‘fill in the blank’’ was that? I didn’t even have to turn around. I knew immediately. Again, it is Iowa. It is the fall. It is after dark. I said: John, we hit a deer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04SE6.000 S04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6012 September 4, 2018 
That deer took out the front end of the bus. The bus was going no further. Immediately, John was up. He was at the front of the bus, ready to get out the door, and he said: I have to see this. There was the enthusiasm and the energy that man had. It was a unique experience for him to be in the ‘‘squeal mobile,’’ and it was the eighth stop of the night. John was used to the ‘‘go, go, go,’’ not just in campaign cycles but in anything he did. He was com-mitted to finishing out that last stop of the night. We got out of the bus, which was incapacitated from that deer, and we hopped in a car that had been following us from one event to the next and went on to Bloomfield, to the diner, where he talked about service and commitment to country. We did a lot of veterans stops that day. I will always fondly remember that and how many Iowans’ lives he had touched, sharing his stories and his thoughts about how we should do bet-ter for American service men and women. After that incident, I made sure any-time somebody supplied me with deer jerky from Iowa that John got a little of it, and he always loved that. When I was elected and I entered the Senate at the end of 2015, one of the very first things Senator McCain did for me and for several others who were freshmen was to make sure we secured seats on the Senate Armed Services Committee. This is one of the most im-portant committees, in my estimation, of the U.S. Senate. Again, because I am a veteran and because I grew up as a soldier, it is very important to me. He took the time to make sure that Sen-ator T
OMCOTTON , Senator D ANSUL-
LIVAN , and I each had a seat on that committee. He thought of us as the new era vet-erans—those that could really bring real world experience to the table from our time in Iraq and for T
OMand D AN, their time in Afghanistan. Again, this was under the mentorship of a wonder-ful American, a patriot, and a true warrior—John McCain. He valued our input. He valued our time, and he en-couraged us to get involved and stay involved, and I loved that. Going back to the McCain death marches and the congressional delega-tions that John would plan for those of us who served on the Armed Services Committee, there was a trip I took in 2015 that was very important to me, and that was a trip I did with Senator McCain and Senator D
ANSULLIVAN to Vietnam. Senator McCain took many Senators to Vietnam. To me, it was such an incredible trip and probably one of the most treasured times I had with John McCain in the Senate. During that trip to Vietnam, of course, one of the usual stops for him was a trip to Hanoi, where he took us to the Hanoi Hilton, where he had been imprisoned so many years ago by the North Vietnamese. I found this time very sad, thinking about the pain and the agony Senator McCain had gone through at the hands of his North Viet-namese captors. At the same time, what I experienced from John was something that I will never forget; that is, a sense of forgiveness. Having en-dured so many years of torture and hardship in Vietnam, what I found truly remarkable about Senator McCain was the fact that so many years later he had spearheaded the ef-forts to normalize relations between the United States and Vietnam. He for-gave. He forgave. There we were in Hanoi, walking through the very place I estimated had been so evil to him, and yet in those moments, he found his sense of humor. If anybody spent time around Senator John McCain, they know of his sharp wit and his humor. As we walked through the museum portion of the Hanoi Hilton, he would stop in front of a picture. He would look at it, and we would all look at it. DANand I would look at it with John, and there would be a picture of American servicemen standing around a Christmas tree with smiles on their faces. He would look at it. He would look it up and down, and he would say: Bull ‘‘bleep’’—fill in the bleep. Then, he would laugh, and he would move to the next picture. In the next picture, there were American servicemen playing sand volleyball, having a great time at the Hanoi Hil-ton. He would look at it, and he would shake his head and would say: Bull ‘‘fill in the blank.’’ Then, we would move to the end of the room, and in this glass case with a plaque, there was a naval flight suit and flight helmet. On the plaque it said: John McCain’s flight suit and hel-met. He looked it up and looked it down, and he said again: Bull ‘‘fill in the blank.’’ He said: That is not my flight suit. That is not my helmet. This grand display at the Hanoi Hil-ton was to show what a wonderful expe-rience it was for our service men and women, and we know that it wasn’t. But through all of that, John McCain forgave. He forgave, and he helped bring our countries closer together. We still have a long journey ahead to totally repair relations between Viet-nam and the United States, but be-cause John McCain found it within himself to dig deep and forgive, we are on that path. We are on that path. Later that evening, after having been to the infamous Hilton, John took us all to supper, and we were able to share traditional Vietnamese dishes. He shared a lot of stories with those of us who were on that delegation trip—sto-ries that you will not find written in books, but things that were very per-sonal and intimate to him and his ex-perience. He knew that D
ANSULLIVAN and I, also being veterans, would understand the thoughts and the experiences that he had had in Vietnam. I will treasure that time with John McCain forever. A little over a year ago, John was di-agnosed with brain cancer, and I know, for me personally, that was very hard, and I think a lot of other folks were shocked, again, because John’s persona was so big, larger than life. He had lived through so much in his lifetime, only to be diagnosed with something that we knew would be very difficult to overcome. John stayed the course, though, working very hard here in the U.S. Senate, and I do remember there were times he would take votes that I to-tally disagreed with, and we got into a heated argument over one of those votes. As many of us have experienced with John and his temper, man, he got after me. I took a vote that he didn’t agree with. He yelled at me. He was all over me, and I wouldn’t let it go. He knew my personality. I wasn’t going to let it go. So after he had gotten on me, I would try to explain my position to him, and he would just walk away. For days after that incident, he would avoid me. I would be tracking him down, and he would avoid me. He would go down a hallway or try to get away from me. I finally caught up with him, and I said: John, I love you. We need to talk about this. And he said: Oh, JONI, I can’t stay mad at you. Then life went on as normal. He was just a great man—a great man—and we knew that we could dis-agree, but we would get beyond it. We would get beyond it. In the Senate Armed Services Com-mittee, we always teased each other. He would call me colonel, and I would call him admiral. The funny thing is, he served in the Navy and retired as a captain. He did not achieve the rank of admiral. I served in the Iowa Army Na-tional Guard. I retired as a lieutenant colonel; I did not achieve the rank of colonel. But we would tease each other. He would call me Colonel E
RNST , and I would call him Admiral McCain, and we would have a good chuckle over it. He loved his time as a naval aviator. It was very significant to him—a very important part of his life. I had the wonderful experience in November of 2017, having gone to Oceana, down to Norfolk, and I was able to go through swimming physiology and then take my first flight ever in an F–18 with a naval aviator, and I was able to ‘‘bag some traps’’ out on the Abraham Lin-coln. After that weekend, I had a number of photos from that time. It was a great experience. I had been working on some issues with physiological epi-sodes with some of our naval aviators, and I came back and was in votes that next week. I sat down with John here on the floor, and I pulled out those pic-tures, and he ate them up. He just con-tinued flipping through those pictures, flipping through them, and I could just see the light in his eyes. I could tell that John was reliving some of the memories that he had in the cockpit— the times that he had, the times that he loved, the times that he enjoyed doing what he did as a naval aviator, fighting for the United States of Amer-ica, doing what he believed to be true 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04SE6.002 S04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6013 September 4, 2018 
and worthy. That was a precious time to share my tiny, tiny experience in the air with Senator John McCain. So, again, I just wanted to share with everyone, with my colleagues, with my constituents the fact that I value the time that I spent in the U.S. Senate with Senator McCain. He taught us all a lot about love of country, duty, honor, commitment, service, leader-ship, patriotism, forgiveness, and how to love your brother and your sister, regardless of who you are and where you come from. I will treasure that time; I will treasure the man. To his family—they have my deepest sympathies in the loss of their hus-band, their father, their brother, their son, their uncle. I think we will all feel the hurt of the loss for a long time. His spirit will live on with us in this Cham-ber. Every time I walk into an Armed Services Committee meeting, I will al-ways think of John McCain and how he strove to be a great leader for all of us, the mentorship that he provided. John, I know you are with us, and it is my turn to say thank you for every-thing that you have done for your great State of Arizona, for all of us who have served in the U.S. Senate, and of course for these great United States of America. We honor you, John; we thank you. God bless you. Thanks so much, John. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, the Judiciary Committee has begun the hearing to consider Judge Brett Kavanaugh for confirmation as Asso-ciate Justice of the Supreme Court. One of the distinguished professionals asked to introduce Judge Kavanaugh is Lisa Blatt, a prominent and accom-plished Supreme Court litigator. She also happens to be a self-described ‘‘lib-eral Democrat and feminist.’’ Nevertheless, in a recent op-ed, Ms. Blatt laid out the case for why Demo-crats should support Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination. Just last week, she spearheaded a letter that 41 veteran appellate advocates wrote to the committee. They said: ‘‘Based on our experience with Judge Kavanaugh and his work over 12 years of distin-guished judicial service, we are con-fident that he possesses the character, temperament and intellect that will make him an asset for our Nation’s highest Court.’’ Our colleagues on the committee also received a letter from Bob Bennett. Like Ms. Blatt, he is also a Democrat and, in fact, he served as a personal lawyer to one of America’s most promi-nent Democrats, President Bill Clin-ton, during a particularly acrimonious time in recent history. Yet Mr. Ben-nett concluded, in a letter to our col-leagues, that Judge Kavanaugh is ‘‘the most qualified person any Republican President could possibly have nomi-nated.’’ He went on to say: ‘‘Were the Senate to fail to confirm Brett, it would not only mean passing up the opportunity to confirm a great jurist, but it would also undermine civility in politics.’’ Those familiar with Judge Kavanaugh’s judicial record and tem-perament come away impressed. So has the American Bar Association, an orga-nization our Democratic friends have called ‘‘the gold standard’’ in evalu-ating judicial nominees. They deemed Judge Brett Kavanaugh to be unani-mously ‘‘well qualified.’’ That is the highest possible rating they can give, unanimously ‘‘well qualified.’’ Many of our Democratic colleagues have been determined to oppose Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination, no matter what, since the day he was nominated. Some of our Democratic colleagues op-posed him and anyone else before he was nominated, but they are running out of options. They can’t find any sub-stantive reasons why he doesn’t de-serve confirmation. That explains the hyperventilation and orchestrated antics at this morn-ing’s hearing, where they talked about almost anything besides his distin-guished record. Our colleagues keep falling back on the same process com-plaints that have failed to persuade anyone for weeks and weeks. So let’s review the facts. The Judiciary Committee has re-ceived half a million pages of materials with respect to this nomination. This is by far—by far—the most materials provided in support of a Supreme Court nomination in our Nation’s entire his-tory. In fact, it is more material than was produced for the last five Supreme Court nominations combined. Of course, this record-shattering tower of executive branch documents is all in addition to Judge Kavanaugh’s 12-plus-year record on the DC Court of Appeals—obviously, the most relevant part of his record. Again, that judicial record was something our Democratic friends said was the best way to evalu-ate a judge, back when it was a Su-preme Court nominee of a Democratic President whom the Senate was consid-ering. Judge Kavanaugh has issued over 300 opinions from what the legal commu-nity widely considers the second high-est bench in the country. By any objec-tive standard, by any fair metric, any Senator who is willing to give Judge Kavanaugh full and fair consideration is more than amply prepared to do so, but, of course, many of our Democratic colleagues haven’t been interested in doing that. As I said, many Senate Democrats made up their minds instantly upon Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination that they would oppose him no matter what—no matter what his qualifica-tions, no matter how many opinions are in the public record or how many pages of documents are provided. Many Senate Democrats were never going to give this nominee a fair hearing. There could be 1 million pages of documents or 5 million or 10 million, for that mat-ter. Nothing will change the fact that one Democrat who serves on the com-mittee declared she would oppose any nominee—any nominee—before Judge Kavanaugh was even announced. Noth-ing will change the fact that the very same night he was announced, two more Democrats on the Judiciary Com-mittee publicly announced they fin-ished their consideration and will vote against him. Nothing will change the fact that the very next morning, the Democratic leader stood up and said: ‘‘I will oppose him with everything I’ve got,’’ and more and more Democrats have followed suit. Our colleagues will have the oppor-tunity to thoroughly examine this nominee during this week’s hearings, and afterward he will receive a vote on the floor. No amount of partisan oppo-sition or political theater will stop the Senate from doing its job. f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will proceed to executive ses-sion to resume consideration of the fol-lowing nomination, which the clerk will report. The assistant bill clerk read the nomination of Elad L. Roisman, of Maine, to be a Member of the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission for a term expiring June 5, 2023. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04SE6.003 S04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6014 September 4, 2018 
CLIMATE CHANGE Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I am very grateful to my colleague from New Mexico, Senator U
DALL , for join-ing me today for my 218th ‘‘Time to Wake Up’’ speech. Senator U
DALL is a formidable advocate for conserving public lands and protecting endangered species—helping to ensure that future generations will inherit a healthy and beautiful planet. These lands and crea-tures Senator U
DALL fights so hard to protect are under direct attack from the current administration and the heavy hand of industry that guides it both through regulatory rollbacks and other efforts to weaken protections for special places and special wildlife. These species and places are also under siege from the consequences of climate change. Just last week, both the Washington Post and The Atlantic reported on a re-cent study in the prestigious journal Science. The titles of their articles were foreboding—‘‘Climate change could render many of Earth’s eco-systems unrecognizable’’ from the Washington Post and ‘‘No Ecosystem on Earth Is Safe from Climate Change’’ from The Atlantic. The study looked at historic vegetation and temperature records to predict how global warming will transform our world. Dr. Stephen Jackson, a scientist with the U.S. Geological Survey and the lead author, told The Atlantic: 
Anywhere on the globe, the more you change climate, the more likely you are to see major ecological change. Having this kind of change occur at such a massive scale in such a short period of time is going to cre-ate unprecedented challenges. 
Dr. Dorothy Peteet, a researcher with NASA who commented on the ar-ticle, said: ‘‘There are notable effects of climate change we are seeing today . . . and they will probably be much more exacerbated in the future.’’ From the mountains to the sea, from the North Pole to the South, climate change is wreaking havoc on our nat-ural systems and the living creatures that rely on them for survival. A study from Global Change Biology earlier this year found ‘‘a strong association between rapid climate warming and de-clines of bird and mammal populations . . . showing that population declines have been greatest in areas that have experienced most rapid warming.’’ Birds are often seen as sentinels of an ecosystem’s health and are especially vulnerable to climate change. In par-ticular, migratory birds, some of which travel thousands of miles each year to breed, rely on a delicate balance of temperature cues and food availability to successfully make their impressive journeys. Here on the east coast, Delaware Bay enjoys an annual visit from the rufa red knot, a bird with a body not larger than a teacup but whose wings carry it on a more than 9,000-mile journey from Tierra del Fuego on the southern tip of South America to the Canadian Arctic. After spending the summer nesting in the north, they make their return trip back south to winter in the Southern Hemisphere. On the northward journey, the red knots make a straight leg from the coast of Brazil to Delaware Bay. Think about that. These tiny birds take off from the coast of Brazil, and they fly all the way to Delaware Bay. They lose as much as half their body weight on this arduous trip, but Mother Nature provides a bounty for them upon their arrival. Delaware Bay is the largest horse-shoe crab spawning area in the world, and each May, millions of horseshoe crabs take part in a mating ritual that predates the dinosaurs. Each female horseshoe crab can lay up to 90,000 eggs, and horseshoe crab eggs make ex-cellent fuel for little birds relishing a pause in their long journey. But warm-ing waters and shifting seasons threat-en to knock the timing of both species’ cycles out of whack. If the environ-mental signal comes too early or too late and these little birds fly all that way and they get to Delaware Bay and the horseshoe crabs aren’t there, that will shake the species. Predictability in seasonal changes af-fects the survival of much of the world’s wildlife. In 2014, the National Audubon Society published a com-prehensive review of how climate change would affect the ranges of near-ly 600 North American bird species. More than half of the species studied are at risk of losing more than 50 per-cent of their current range to climate change by 2080. Around a quarter of the species studied could see their range shrink that much by 2050. Mr. President, may I interrupt my remarks for a moment? I see the mi-nority leader on the floor. If he seeks recognition, Senator U
DALL and I have time to do a pair of climate speeches. I am more than happy to interrupt and have him do what he needs to do. I ask unanimous consent that at the conclusion of the leader’s remarks, I be recognized and resume my remarks and that at the conclusion of them, Sen-ator U
DALL be recognized. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Mr. SCHUMER. First, let me thank my good friend—who did a great and outstanding job this morning on the Judiciary Committee—for his gracious-ness and thoughtfulness as always. I also thank my friend from New Mexico. Mr. President, the Senate Judiciary Committee began hearings today on Judge Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination to the Supreme Court. Democrats on the committee have pointed out that over 40,000 of Judge Kavanaugh’s docu-ments were handed over to the com-mittee last night. It is the latest insult in what has been an insulting process for reviewing the nominee’s record on the issues. It has not just been insult-ing to Democrats in the Senate but in-sulting to the Senate as a whole and insulting to the American people: We can jam this through, and it doesn’t matter what you think and what you need to know. More than 90 percent of the nomi-nee’s record has been shielded from public scrutiny. The chairman keeps claiming that there are several hun-dred thousand pages that have been made available. That is not the point. If only 7 percent of the documents are made available, the question is, What looms in the other 93 percent? It is the percentage that matters because we want to know what is hidden. Furthermore, we have no knowledge of why we were given these documents and not given the vast bulk of the doc-uments. What is the rule? Is there some objective rule finding? They should make it public. Why? They haven’t, and the reason is simple. The obvious conclusion—and we can’t prove it because we don’t have the docu-ments—is that in the 93 percent, there are things they don’t want to be made public. Otherwise, there would be a set system, and they would say: Here is why you are getting this, and here is why you are not getting that. Again, it is not the number; it is the percentage. Almost everything the Re-publicans requested with Elena Kagan and Sotomayor when they were in the minority—in our position now—was granted. Very little of what we have re-quested has been granted. So the ques-tion looms: What are they hiding? I commend my colleagues, sincerely and strongly, for standing up and rais-ing these issues this morning. The Ju-diciary Committee members were lend-ing their voices to a large and growing chorus of people out in America who are deeply concerned about how this process has been run. Every member of the Judiciary Committee was eloquent and forceful in their clarifying of just how far the Republicans have gone to keep Judge Kavanaugh’s record a se-cret. Here, for the highest Court in the land—which has huge power over every one of our lives in many different ways—we are hiding what he really thinks. Maybe it is because they don’t want the American people to know what he really thinks. Nonetheless, the Judiciary Com-mittee proceedings are going forward even though the Republican majority has taken great pains to shield a great bulk of Kavanaugh’s record from the American public. Since they are in the majority, they can do this against the will of all of the Democrats and of, probably, much of the American peo-ple, but it is so wrong. Let’s review what we already know about this nomi-nee. For the bulk of his career, Brett Kavanaugh has been a loyal Republican foot soldier who has consistently found himself near the center of the most heated, partisan legal fights of the past 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04SE6.005 S04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6015 September 4, 2018 
two decades. From the Starr report to Bush v. Gore and through the myriad controversies of the Bush White House, Brett Kavanaugh was front and center in representing the political interests of the Republicans. His service as a partisan warrior was rewarded with a judgeship, wherein he immediately began to establish a jurisprudence far outside the judicial mainstream. As a judge, he ruled against common-sense gun safety measures. He ruled against commonsense environmental protections. He consistently ruled against the rulemaking powers of inde-pendent agencies. He went so far as to label the CFPB, the Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau, unconstitu-tional, and he has praised the dissents in both Roe and Casey, which are two landmark cases that established a woman’s right to privacy with respect to her medical decisions. Remember—we can’t forget—Brett Kavanaugh was selected from a preapproved list of candidates that had been vetted by the Federalist Society and the Heritage Foundation—two hard-right groups that are dedicated to the destruction of our healthcare law and the repeal of Roe v. Wade. He was selected by a President who explicitly promised to pick judges who would do those two things exactly. Unlike with former nominees, Brett Kavanaugh has the special burden of explaining his views on these crucial issues. The President didn’t just say: I am going to choose the best legal mind available. He said: I am going to choose someone who will repeal Roe. He said: I am going to choose someone who will overturn many of the healthcare pro-tections that we have, as in the ACA. So he has a special obligation. When I interviewed him in my office, he ducked. I asked him if he believed Planned Parenthood v. Casey was cor-rectly decided, not whether it were precedent. That doesn’t matter. Prece-dents change. Supreme Court Justices do it. I asked him whether it was cor-rectly decided. He refused to say. He refused to say whether any restriction on a woman’s reproductive freedom constituted an undue burden. There was nothing that I heard from Judge Kavanaugh in our interview to dispel the presumption that has been created by President Trump’s litmus test that a Justice Kavanaugh would vote to overturn Roe and protections for Americans with preexisting conditions. Judge Kavanaugh will, no doubt, refuse to answer these important ques-tions in the committee hearings as well. We are not going to get clear an-swers. That is what judicial nominees have been taught to do. Yet, given how he was chosen—in his coming from a preappointed list—that makes, No. 1, his obfuscation even more troubling. No. 2, it makes the need for documents all the more compelling. Another area of examination this week should be of Judge Kavanaugh’s views on Executive power and account-ability. During his time in the White House, it seems that Judge Kavanaugh developed an adulation for powers of the Presidency. He said that Presidents should not be subject to investigations of criminal or civil wrongdoing while in office. He said that a President can refuse to enforce any law that he deems unconstitutional even if a court has ruled otherwise. In our meeting, he refused to say that a President must comply with a duly issued subpoena. Judge Kavanaugh also wrote that Presidents should be able to hire and fire, at will, the heads of independent agencies. In Brett Kavanaugh’s juris-prudence, the Executive of the United States is nearer a King than a coequal branch of government. At a time when the President of the United States routinely tests the bounds of powers of his office, at a time when the President disdains and rou-tinely disparages the rule of law, at a time when the President has been named as a coconspirator in a Federal criminal case, Brett Kavanaugh’s views on Executive power are more than dan-gerous; they are disqualifying. This week, the Judiciary Committee has the task of scrutinizing Kavanaugh. I would remind my col-leagues there is no legal standard, rule, or logic that prohibits nominees from answering questions that don’t involve immediate and specific cases that are or could become before the Court. I would remind my colleagues that indi-cations of stare decisis and solemn promises to respect precedent have been called before the committee be-fore and generally have little bearing, unfortunately, as to whether the nomi-nee will abide by those principles on the bench. Only a few months ago, Judge Gorsuch reminded us of that with his ruling in the Janus case, as Justice Roberts reminded us with his ruling in Citizens United. Justices will overturn decades of well-worn precedent if given the opportunity. The debate this week about the future of the Supreme Court may get wonky and technical, but what is at stake is not abstract. It is real; it is concrete for Americans whose lives, health, happiness, and freedoms are on the line at the Su-preme Court. Closely divided decisions recently have meant that the dif-ference between the ability to marry the person you love or not, to have your right to vote protected or not, to make personal choices about your healthcare or not are all at stake. Stakes in this nomination today could not be higher. The need for openness and lack of se-crecy is as high as it has ever been. The responsibility of the Judiciary Com-mittee this week is to drill down and examine Judge Kavanaugh’s views to the extent that he will share them and to point out those areas in which he fails to be forthcoming. The American people have a right to know who may become the deciding vote on issues ranging from women’s reproductive rights, to civil rights, to labor rights, to voting rights, to LGBTQ rights, and more. I believe the Judiciary Commit-tee’s proceedings this week will reveal to the American people a nominee unfit for the job of Associate Justice. Mr. President, there is one more issue—that of President Trump’s un-conscionable statement of politicizing the Justice Department. Yesterday, the President made the following state-ment: 
Two long-running, Obama era investiga-tions of two very popular Republican Con-gressmen were brought to a well-publicized charge, just ahead of the Mid-Terms, by the Jeff Sessions Justice Department. Two easy wins now in doubt because there is not enough time. Good job Jeff. . . . 
That is the President speaking. Yes, I think he spoke. He didn’t tweet. For so long, President Trump’s ac-tions have suggested that he views the Justice Department not as an inde-pendent law enforcement agency but as a tool to prosecute his enemies and protect himself and his friends. Presi-dent Trump’s statement yesterday comes right out and says it. Trump is chastising the Attorney General of the United States for enforcing the law— for announcing two indictments, backed up by ample evidence, because it may hurt members of his political party from winning elections. How out-rageous is that? So I say to President Trump: Amer-ica is not some fiefdom in which the lord of the manor gets to decide who the law applies to and who it doesn’t apply to. The beauty and the greatness of American democracy is that we are all equal in the eyes of the law—Repub-licans, Democrats, and, yes, even Presi-dents. President Trump, you do not seem to understand or choose not to understand the basic principles of the rule of law that have governed our great Nation since its founding. President Trump seems to think he is above the law, so it is no wonder he se-lected Judge Kavanaugh—who believes sitting Presidents should not be inves-tigated—to sit on a potential jury on the Mueller probe. Again, I thank my colleagues for their courtesy. I might note that I am very proud of the job the Senator from Rhode Island and all of his colleagues on the Judiciary Committee did this morning. I yield the floor The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). The Senator from Rhode Is-land. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, as I resume my remarks, we head west-ward to the tallest peaks of the Rock-ies, where, according to the U.S. Geo-logical Survey, the Northern Rocky Mountains have been warming more than three times as fast as the global average over the past 100 years. A 2014 Union of Concerned Scientists report warned that the Rocky Moun-tains will ‘‘become even hotter and drier,’’ which will lead to increased 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04SE6.007 S04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6016 September 4, 2018 
wildfire, reduced snowpack, and de-clines in the keystone trees that define the Rocky Mountain forests. A recent study by U.S. Forest Serv-ice and Oregon State University re-searchers found that species like the pygmy rabbit, wolverine, Canada lynx, and snowshoe hare, which have specific habitat requirements, will be particu-larly vulnerable. Some mountain am-phibians are even at risk from a harm-ful, invasive fungus that thrives in warmer temperatures. The increased spread of disease and invasive species is a recurring theme of climate change. Animals and plants that are already stressed from depleted food and changing temperatures are more susceptible to disease, and stressed ecosystems leave openings for invasive species to move in and take over. After hitting U.S. shores in the early 2000s in wood packing material, the invasive and injurious emerald ash borer has spread to around 30 States and has destroyed tens of millions of ash trees in its wake. In July, my Rhode Island Department of Environ-mental Management discovered this invasive species in our State. We look seaward from Rhode Island, and coastal States like ours are facing a red menace in their waters—the harmful algae blooms known as red tide. Florida is battling a devastating toxic algae bloom that has, according to Quartz, ‘‘killed masses of fish, 12 dolphins, more than 500 manatees, 300 sea turtles, countless horseshoe crabs, [and] a whale shark’’ as of August 22. Those were just the ones whose bodies came ashore. Locals and tourists alike are greeted with decaying marine life along the docks and beaches and with air that is tainted with the algae’s tox-ins. Quartz writes that this year’s ‘‘red tide in Florida doesn’t just make the issue of global warming visible; it’s an all-out sensory onslaught.’’ Though algal blooms occur annually in Florida, this year’s bloom is a har-binger of the shifting reality of climate change. The Washington Post notes: ‘‘As air and ocean temperatures in-crease, the environment becomes more hospitable to toxic algal blooms.’’ In addition to these warmer water temperatures, climate change also spurs heavy downpours, which wash more fertilizer from farms and lawns into the water, providing nutrients that spur the growth of the algae. Sea level rise expands the area of shallow coastal waters, where warm tempera-tures and ample sunshine bolster grow-ing algae. The oceans are experiencing ‘‘marine heat waves.’’ According to a recent re-view in the prestigious scientific jour-nal Nature, these extended periods of elevated sea-surface temperatures ‘‘have caused changes in biological pro-duction, toxic algal blooms, regime shifts in reef communities, mass coral bleaching, and mortalities of commer-cially important fish species, with cas-cading impacts on economies and soci-eties.’’ That is ‘‘science-ese’’ for a pretty tough formula for coastal commu-nities. Indeed, a marine heat wave is respon-sible for the dramatic coral bleaching that occurred in the Great Barrier Reef, killing about half of the reef since 2016. In recent weeks, San Diego recorded its highest seawater tempera-ture, around 80 degrees Fahrenheit, since measurements started in 1916. The Nature study attributed 87 per-cent of modern marine heat waves to human-caused climate change. They warn that these heat waves ‘‘will be-come very frequent under global warm-ing, probably pushing marine orga-nisms and ecosystems to the limits of their resilience and even beyond.’’ Cou-ple these extreme heat spells with ocean acidification, deoxygenation, and changes in ocean circulation and currents, and you are looking at a per-fect storm for coral reefs, fisheries, and ocean wildlife. Marine and atmospheric heat waves are also contributing to the rapid open-ing of Arctic sea ice. The iconic images of starving polar bears have brought this concern home for many, but sea ice also provides protection for narwhals, hosts algae that feed Arctic cod and whales, and provides an inter-state highway of sorts for wolf and fox populations. This ice is the crux of the Arctic ecosystem, and it is falling apart. For the first time since scientists started monitoring the Arctic’s sea ice in the 1970s, the waters north of Green-land are breaking through the usually permanently frozen ice cover. Until now, this area had been assumed to be the Arctic ice’s stronghold—the strong-est and oldest ice plane in the Arctic. But spikes of warm temperatures ear-lier this year allowed the weakened ice to be pushed from shore, leaving it vul-nerable to wind and waves. Dr. Walt Meier, with the U.S. Na-tional Snow and Ice Data Center, called this loss of sea ice ‘‘a pretty dra-matic indication of the transformation of the Arctic sea ice and Arctic cli-mate.’’ A researcher with the Nor-wegian Meteorological Institute put it even simpler, calling it ‘‘nice and scary.’’ I will now yield to my friend the Sen-ator from New Mexico in the hopes that at some point this body will find the sense and the courage to address this problem as we see its manifesta-tions from north to south, from pole to pole, and from the depths of the sea to our highest mountaintops. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Mexico. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, thank you for the recognition. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I just want to tell you how proud I am to join Senator W
HITEHOUSE today on the floor. I want to thank the Senator from Rhode Island for continuing to bring the urgency of combating climate change to the attention of this body. I admire his passion and intellectual clout, which he has brought specifi-cally to climate change a number of times here on the Senate floor. He has been a great advocate for his State of Rhode Island, where we all know there are going to be very serious impacts— sea level rise is one of the major ones, but there are many others—as a result of how climate change and global warming are playing out. Let’s state several things here that are clear. One is that the science is clear. The Earth’s atmosphere is warm-ing at an alarming rate, and human ac-tivity is the principle cause. What we see every day with our own eyes—ex-treme weather events around the globe—is clearer and clearer. But worse and most clear is the harm being done to millions of Americans and people all around the world as a result of the de-structive effects of climate change. People are losing their homes, their lands, and their farms. We now have a new kind of refugee—climate refu-gees—who are displaced from their homes by catastrophic weather disas-ters, including drought and floods. In 2017 roughly 68.5 million people were climate refugees, and that number is expected to double to over 140 million by 2050. Hundreds of thousands are losing their lives. The official death toll in Puerto Rico from Hurricane Maria is now 2,975, and there are even higher es-timates of losses. Climate change is the most pressing moral issue of our time. As the people in Puerto Rico know all too well, as the people of Rhode Island know well, as the people of New Mexico know well, and as all of our States and territories know well, it is an existential threat. Yet in the words of the late, great John McCain—as the Presiding Officer knows, he was always an outspoken gentleman—‘‘we are getting nothing done, my friends. We’re getting noth-ing done.’’ I know that Senator WHITEHOUSE was an honorary pallbearer at Senator McCain’s ceremony at the National Ca-thedral. We had 4 days of celebrating the John McCain that spoke up about core issues that America really faced. As I mentioned, John gave us that de-served chewing-out on the Senate floor on July 25 of last year for not working together, for not working in a bipar-tisan fashion, and for not reaching across the aisle. On climate change, we certainly are not getting anything done, and we are not working across the aisle, as John told us to do. The West that John McCain so loved and worked to protect is getting hit hard. We have less precipitation and less snowpack, and the snowpack we have is melting earlier. Rivers and res-ervoirs are running at historic lows, and some river segments are drying. We now have abnormally dry condi-tions in every Western State. We have extreme drought weather in parts of New Mexico, Arizona, California, Utah, Colorado, and even Oregon. In my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04SE6.008 S04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6017 September 4, 2018 
home State of New Mexico, every sin-gle county is in abnormally dry or drought conditions. Here are the drought maps of the West from last week and from the same time of the year in 2000, when the Fed-eral Government first began keeping track. This map here is from 2000, when the Federal Government first began keeping track. Let’s look at the con-trast, which is very, very stark. On the first map, we didn’t see the extreme form and exceptional drought at all, but we can see a very, very stark contrast 18 years later. These dry conditions are creating more wildfires that are burning more acreage and threatening more homes and threatening more lives. The Mendocino Complex fire in Cali-fornia is the largest fire that State has ever experienced. Since it began in late July, it has burned over 450,000 acres, taken one firefighter’s life, and de-stroyed 157 homes. After 2 months, it is still not fully contained. In my home State of New Mexico, about 20 miles of the Rio Grande, south of Albuquerque and through the Bosque del Apache National Wildlife Refuge, we are already dry in May, months ear-lier than in typical years. Two weeks ago, farmers in the Middle Rio Grande area in my State started getting noti-fied that the water stored for their crops was almost gone—months before irrigation season’s end in October. As of 2 days ago, Elephant Butte Reservoir was only 4.6 percent full—4.6 percent. Back in the 1990s, the reservoir was 27 miles in length. Today, it is about 10 miles. Here are the aerial maps of the Ele-phant Butte from 1994 and 2013. These photographs show that climate change is here and now. You can see Elephant Butte here in 1994, and in 2013 you see a very dramatically shrunken Elephant Butte. Elephant Butte provides water to over 90,000 acres of farmland in south-ern New Mexico and western Texas. It is an economic engine for Sierra Coun-ty, the rural county where it is lo-cated. We can’t afford for this reservoir to be at 4.6 percent. John McCain’s beloved Arizona is in its 21st year of drought. We have meas-ured the Animas River in Colorado for 106 years. Two weeks ago, in Durango, it was at its lowest measured point for this time of year, ever—ever. Utah’s temperature has warmed 2 de-grees Fahrenheit over the last century. The State’s $1.3 billion ski industry has seen warmer winters, less snowpack, and less powder. Ski resorts that never had to make snow have to make it now. Alaska is under singular threat. A warmer atmosphere is rapidly melting the Arctic’s snowpack and glaciers. The seas are rising to unprecedented levels. Animals such as the polar bears and the walruses, which depend on ice to survive, are struggling to survive. The iconic polar bear has been listed as a threaten species since 2008—a direct result of climate warming. During the last past century, Alaska has warmed twice as fast as the global average. Native villages along the sea are under siege. There are at least 31 Alaskan towns and cities at imminent risk of destruction. Two Native vil-lages have voted to relocate. Newtok, a Native village along the river that feeds to the Bering Sea, is literally col-lapsing into the water and is already relocating. Their relocation will cost $100 million. Congress gave them $15 million this year toward that effort. The fact is that Native Americans and other marginalized populations are more vulnerable to the devastation of climate change, but no one is immune from this. I could recite 1,000 statistics that show how climate change is hurt-ing the American West, its people, and its lands. The statistics are there. The science is there. The American people are there. Congress needs to get there. The New York Times Magazine re-cently ran its longest article ever. It was on climate change, entitled ‘‘Los-ing Earth: The Decade We Almost Stopped Climate Change.’’ The article showed that between 1979 and 1989, we came to understand the causes and dangers of the greenhouse effect. During that decade, we had the opportunity to take action to dramati-cally reduce carbon emissions, but we failed. In 1998, one of the leading climate scientists then and now, James Han-sen, working for NASA, told Congress that it was 99 percent certain that the global warming trend was not a nat-ural variation but was caused by build-up of greenhouse gases in the atmos-phere. He told Congress 30 years ago that climate change was here—here and now. During that decade, there was more opportunity for consensus than today. The oil and gas industry was more re-ceptive to taking action. Politicians’ views weren’t as set in concrete. But that generation failed to act on the science and failed to protect present and future generations. There was another opportunity in the early 2000s for Congress to act. John McCain wanted us to act, but we didn’t. As chair of the Senate Commerce Committee, he held groundbreaking hearings in 2000 on climate change. He brought the science of climate change to light in the halls of the Senate. Then, he and Senator Joel Lieberman crafted the first major, bipartisan cli-mate change legislation—cap-and-trade legislation—modeled after similar and successful legislation to curb pollution from acid rain. Senators McCain and Lieberman forced a vote on the floor of the Senate on their legislation in 2003. John began his speech on the floor in support of his bill, quoting from Hem-ingway’s ‘‘The Snows of Kilimanjaro ″: 
Kilimanjaro is a snow-covered mountain 19,710 feet high, and is said to be the highest mountain in Africa. Its western summit is called . . . the House of God. John warned then, in 2003, all too presciently, that the snow on Kiliman-jaro may someday be relegated to the realm of fiction. Some Senators who sit today voted on the McCain-Lieberman bill. The bill had a chance to succeed, but failed 43 to 55. Kilimanjaro’s glaciers, in fact, have receded dramatically since that vote. The ice sheets depend on snow-fall, which is affected by Indian Ocean currents. The Indian Ocean’s warming, due to climate change, has changed moisture delivery to Kilimanjaro, and Hemingway’s snow is disappearing. Congress has had a few more bipar-tisan efforts at addressing climate change, including my own cap-and- trade bill in the House of Representa-tives with Republican Representative Tom Petri. But after the McCain-Lie-berman bill and those efforts failed, we turned to the Obama administration to take on climate change in earnest. The Obama administration passed the Clean Power Plan to limit carbon emissions from powerplants and put the brakes on new coal-fired power-plants; passed regulations to control methane, a super potent greenhouse gas from oil and gas operations; and joined with 190 countries in executing the Paris Agreement. All of these ini-tiatives are now under assault by the Trump administration and industry. The United States is alone as the only country in the world that walked away from the Paris Accord. Turning our backs on climate change means ignoring the national security threat it represents. Large groups of displaced people and scarce resources create conflict. The U.S. military—es-pecially the Navy—recognizes the threat. That is why they created the MEDEA Program in the early 1990s to analyze the security threats of climate change, and that is one reason John McCain once worked toward a bipar-tisan solution to climate change. Neither party can claim they have done enough to tackle global warming, but climate action demands that Re-publicans step up as Senator McCain once did. The destruction to property and lives wrought by global warming does not distinguish between parties. This is a bipartisan problem that demands bi-partisan solutions, and demands them now. The West is right in the bull’s-eye of climate change, but the West has great potential to be part of the solution. The West’s potential to generate re-newable clean energy through solar, wind, and geothermal is immense. New Mexico, California, Arizona, Colorado, and Nevada have some of the highest potential for solar generation in the country, and virtually all the Western States have immense potential for geo-thermal power. We should be har-nessing this potential, creating sus-tainable jobs, and growing our rural Western economies and industries that are the future—industries that will help tackle the greatest challenge hu-manity faces. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04SE6.011 S04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6018 September 4, 2018 
The American people want Congress to meet the challenges of climate change. They want to protect future generations, their children, and their grandchildren. We can do this, but we must do it now. And we must, as our late and very great colleague from Arizona urged us, do this on a bipartisan basis. Let all of us show the courage, re-solve, and independence of John McCain and do right by today’s genera-tion and future generations. Let us all commit to doing what it takes to re-duce our carbon emissions, to meet the goals of the world of nations, to in-crease renewable energy to its fullest potential, and, most importantly, to do right by our children, our grand-children, and beyond. I yield the floor. 
REMEMBERING JOHN MCCAIN  
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I rise to pay tribute to a true American hero, my friend and my colleague, John McCain. To know John was to know a man who was fiercely devoted to his family, his constituents, and his country. My thoughts and prayers are with his fam-ily and loved ones during this difficult time. As a nation, we all share in the sense of emptiness his passing has left be-hind, but we also share a profound sense of gratitude for the life John lived and the legacy of service and un-wavering commitment he has left us to cherish. Many Americans felt a personal con-nection to John McCain. Our men and women in uniform always knew he was on their side. He was one of them. John understood better than anyone what it meant to send people into combat. So much of his work in the Senate was de-voted to making sure our troops got the training, the equipment, and the pay they need. Last year, I had the honor of trav-eling with John on one of his final trips to the Middle East. I had the chance to see how deeply revered he was by ev-eryone in uniform. They all knew the story. They know how John McCain, the war hero, spent nearly 6 years as a prisoner of war in North Vietnam; how, when offered an abrupt release less than a year after his Navy jet was shot out of the air, John McCain refused to be released while his brothers were still in captivity; how he was isolated, tor-tured, and beaten so badly that he car-ried the physical consequences of his loyalty to our country with him for the rest of his life; how he could have avoided it all but endured out of love and loyalty to his fellow servicemem-bers. They knew the story, and every single servicemember we saw treated John like a celebrity rock star, and that is because he was. John was a deeply principled man. I had the honor of working with John closely in the fight to reinstall Glass- Steagall, and, boy, was it a fight. Throughout the entire battle, John would tease me about pulling my weight in ‘‘getting this thing done.’’ ‘‘Show some fight, girl.’’ ‘‘Don’t tell me you’re afraid.’’ ‘‘Get in there— throw some punches.’’ That was John’s approach to life: If you are going to be in a fight, you had better give it your all. Don’t get me wrong, John and I dis-agreed on many things, and sometimes quite forcefully, but even when we dis-agreed, I always respected that his heart was focused on doing what he be-lieved was right for the American peo-ple. I remember expressing to John my views on the most effective strategy in Iraq and Afghanistan; that there are simply some problems that cannot be solved through military action alone. We can’t simply fight our way to peace. We need to bring our troops home. Re-spectfully, John would disagree and then proceed to energetically walk me through why he believed in the benefits of staying longer. Democrat or Republican, foreign leader or President of the United States, John McCain would go toe to toe with anyone to fight for what he thought was right. He applied these principles to his service to our country, in his commitment to the people of Ar-izona, and his abiding love and defense of the American people. At a time when character and integrity are under siege, the entire Nation mourns the loss of a public servant who lived his life with courage and conviction. John ran the Armed Services Com-mittee with an iron fist but also with respect for the importance of biparti-sanship and a basic sense of fairness that no one could ever ignore. If you came to the table ready, prepared to work, John made sure you were heard. There were so many occasions where John would jump in while I was ques-tioning a witness because John was lis-tening and would hear how the ques-tions were being dodged and dis-regarded. His admonishment to the witness was like a whip: If you can’t come up with better answers, what are you here for? I count it as a blessing to have had the honor to serve with Senator John McCain in the U.S. Senate. If there ever was a true American patriot, John McCain was that patriot. I will miss his strength, I will miss his maverick spirit, but most of all I will miss his kindness. I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Louisiana. 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I rise to speak about Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination to the Supreme Court. Let me begin by saying the Senate has been hard at work vetting and con-firming good judges to the bench. So far, the Senate has confirmed 60 of President Trump’s judicial nominees— a historic pace that includes 26 circuit judges, 33 district court judges, and Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. This week, we will confirm even more, as the confirmation process continues for President Trump’s second Supreme Court nominee, Judge Brett Kavanaugh. I would also like to point out, the last week or two, the Democratic mi-nority has been very cooperative with this, appointing good, conservative Re-publicans to the district and circuit courts, but let me continue about Judge Kavanaugh. First, let’s just say he is well re-garded by his peers. He is a main-stream, independent jurist who is ex-tremely well regarded across the polit-ical spectrum. All you have to do is look at Judge Kavanaugh’s profes-sional career to see why. His record at the Supreme Court as a clerk is stellar. The Supreme Court has adopted posi-tions advanced by his opinions at least 13 times and overruled him only once. On the DC Circuit Court, Demo-cratic-appointed judges were just as likely to join Judge Kavanaugh’s pub-lished majority opinions in full as his Republican-appointed colleagues, about 88 percent of the time. Two of President Obama’s Solicitors General praised Judge Kavanaugh, say-ing he is an ‘‘incredibly brilliant, care-ful person’’ who is ‘‘very gracious . . . on the bench and off.’’ One said: ‘‘He carries out all phases of his responsibil-ities as a judge in the way you’d want, in an exemplary way.’’ That said, Judge Kavanaugh is ac-knowledged as being highly qualified, and even though they are on opposite sides of the aisle, these legal figures re-spect Judge Kavanaugh’s qualifications and depth of experience. Lisa Blatt, who worked in the Solic-itor General’s Office for 13 years during the Clinton, Bush, and Obama adminis-trations, said: Sometimes a superstar is just a superstar. This is the case with Judge Brett Kavanaugh, who had long been considered the most qualified nominee for the Supreme Court if Republicans secured the White House. The Senate should confirm him. 
She also said: 
I expect my friends on the left will criti-cize me for speaking up for Kavanaugh. But we all benefit from having smart, qualified and engaged judges on our highest court, re-gardless of the administration that nomi-nates them. 
I have to say, on a personal level, when I met Judge Kavanaugh in my of-fice, I was incredibly impressed. We talked about his views on the role of the judiciary, original intent, and the importance of interpreting the Con-stitution as written. It was clear he had a deep and thorough grasp of the law, but you don’t have to take my word for it, and you don’t have to take Lisa Blatt’s word. She is not the only one who has attested that Judge Kavanaugh is a legal ‘‘superstar.’’ Recently, over 100 students, alumni, and faculty at Yale College wrote that Judge Kavanaugh is a ‘‘distinguished jurist’’ with ‘‘deep conviction and in-tegrity.’’ The American Bar Association, which Democratic leaders have called 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04SE6.012 S04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6019 September 4, 2018 
their gold standard of judicial evalua-tions, unanimously rated Judge Kavanaugh as ‘‘well qualified.’’ Last week, 144 law professors from around the country wrote to the Judi-ciary Committee in support of Judge Kavanaugh, saying they ‘‘all agree’’ he ‘‘displays outstanding scholarly and academic virtues and that he would bring to the Court an exceptional record of distinction in judicial serv-ice.’’ These 144 law professors also stat-ed that they are ‘‘impressed by Judge Kavanaugh’s long record of teaching and mentoring students of diverse backgrounds.’’ As an example, perhaps, members of the Harvard Law School chapter of the Black Law Students Association have been vocal in their support for Judge Kavanaugh, citing the positive impact he has had on their chapter. They know his character. It is the same humility and generosity we all saw just a couple days after he was nominated in July, when he was spotted serving hot meals to the needy alongside other volunteers with Catholic Charities, a ministry he has been a part of for a long time. I will also say, he is one of the most transparent nominees in history. This is the nominee Senate Democrats la-beled ‘‘extreme’’? Please. We know most of them announced their opposi-tion to Judge Kavanaugh before his confirmation hearing even started. We also know many of them announced their opposition before he was even named. We know they did so because they want a Supreme Court full of lib-eral activists who will help them cre-ate law instead of following the law. That is not just Kavanaugh. He is a mainstream, independent jurist who re-spects the Constitution. He doesn’t try to rewrite it for political reasons, to fit his own opinions about the way it should be. That is apparently why Democrats are concocting a new reason every day to explain why they wish to block him. Their latest excuse is they want more time to see documents. Let’s be absolutely clear. Judge Kavanaugh’s professional record is the most transparent record the Senate has ever had for a Supreme Court nominee, and it is not even close. The Senate Judiciary Committee has received more pages of executive branch records for Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination than for the last five con-firmed Supreme Court nominees com-bined. The committee has reviewed more than 440,000 pages of documents submitted from Judge Kavanaugh’s time in the executive branch—the larg-est volume of records for any Supreme Court nominee ever. During his time on the bench, Judge Kavanaugh has authored more than 300 opinions and heard more than 2,000 cases. No less than nine Senate Demo-crats cited their review of his opinions when they announced weeks ago that they would oppose him. They said they had seen enough of his record. Now we are supposed to believe they want to see more of his record. It is obvious this argument is not in good faith. Indeed, I think it is fair to say that the Democratic Senators’ disruptions show desperation. We see this despera-tion in some of the most shameful po-litical theatrics we have seen, and those are from the Senate Democrats in the committee hearing today. It is clear they are increasingly desperate to resist this incredibly qualified nomi-nee. They are throwing everything and anything against the wall, but nothing is sticking. Today, we learned that the Demo-cratic minority leader plotted a coordi-nated protest strategy over the week-end with his Members, and they all agreed to disrupt and protest the hear-ing. They would like to think it was a spontaneous outburst of righteousness anger, but indeed it was a planned strategy in order to draw attention to themselves. I would remind my colleagues across the aisle that this is the United States of America, not a third-world legisla-tive body where they toss decorum out the window, scream, shout, and throw chairs and punches in order to thwart the legislative process. Those who are interested in pre-serving and protecting our democratic process and institutions should shun the chaos Senate Democrats appear in-tent upon creating. In this country, we debate ideas and nominees on the mer-its. I urge my colleagues to do just that. If they do, I am confident they will understand the broad support, the justified support Brett Kavanaugh has for his nomination to the Supreme Court. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
NOMINATION OF ELAD ROISMAN  
Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I rise today in support of Elad Roisman, who has been nominated to serve on the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commis-sion. On June 1, 2018, President Trump announced his intention to nominate Elad to be the Commissioner of the Se-curities and Exchange Commission for a 5-year term. Elad currently serves as chief counsel for the Banking Committee. I and many members of the committee can personally attest to his qualifications for this position. He has an impressive command of securities law, a keen in-tellect and work ethic, and has always exhibited a steadfast commitment to doing what is right. Those attributes were manifest during his nomination testimony hearing a few weeks ago. He was subsequently voted out of the com-mittee by voice vote with unanimous bipartisan support. As many on the Banking Committee know, Elad is intimately familiar with the inner workings of the SEC, having previously served as counsel to Com-missioner Daniel Gallagher and as chief counsel at the NYSE Euronext. He is highly regarded by those with whom he has worked and is an excep-tionally qualified candidate for this po-sition. The SEC has an important three-part mission: protect investors; maintain fair, orderly, and efficient markets; and facilitate capital formation. Each part of this mission is equally impor-tant and should not come at the ex-pense of another. In his nomination hearing, Elad echoed the importance of this mission and committed to fur-thering it. He stressed the need to promote in-vestor confidence in both the markets and the SEC itself and the importance of dispelling the perception that mar-kets are inaccessible or rigged against the little guy. He committed to ensuring that the SEC has a strong enforcement pro-gram—one that holds regulated enti-ties and individuals accountable. Elad also emphasized that the SEC must lis-ten to small business owners and inves-tors, many of whom do not make it to Washington regularly, whose perspec-tives are incredibly important to the SEC’s work and its continued improve-ment of capital markets. The U.S. financial system and mar-kets are the preferred destination for investors throughout the world, and the SEC has an important role in en-suring that it remains so. Capital mar-kets drive innovation and job creation, and access to them is the lifeblood of our economy. Elad has consistently demonstrated a commitment to ensur-ing that our markets remain the envy of the world, and I am confident he will work hard to make sure the U.S. finan-cial markets can thrive while also pro-tecting investors. I personally want to thank Elad for his tireless service to the Senate and for being a trusted resource and ally of mine. I urge my colleagues to vote yes on the cloture motion and to support his nomination so he can quickly get to work for the American people. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
REMEMBERING JOHN MCCAIN  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, there have been many words that have been spoken about our friend, Senator John McCain, and I want to join with the many words and the tributes that have been shared in the recent days since his passing. We all know the background. We all know the bio. John McCain served our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04SE6.015 S04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6020 September 4, 2018 
Nation for 60 years, starting as an offi-cer in the U.S. Navy, as a prisoner of war in unspeakable conditions, and during his terms in the House of Rep-resentatives and in the Senate for some 30 years. That is the biography of the man, but it is just the start of who he was and the mark he made not only on the lives of us in the Senate but on the lives of Americans all over the coun-try. John McCain was a beloved col-league. He was a patriot. He was truly an American hero. He had remarkable intellect. He had an iron will, most cer-tainly. He had unquestionable integ-rity and courage that was absolutely unwavering. When I think about John and how John approached issues, John was one who did what he thought was right. When he thought he was right, there wasn’t much arguing with him—he was right. Even then, we would engage, we would go back and forth, and I think oftentimes it was those arguments that caused us to either gain greater respect or perhaps greater fear, depending on where you were in the process. John was one of those guys who fa-vored straight talk. I don’t think he would have any hard feelings about any of us describing our relationship with him over the years. We didn’t always agree, and sometimes we didn’t even get along, but the truth was, John McCain would always make sure you knew where he stood. John was very clear that you had to earn his respect. Respect was not some-thing that came with the title. The fact that you were a U.S. Senator didn’t mean you had earned his re-spect. And I know because I felt that in my early years here in the Senate. I came through an appointment, and I think John McCain was just going to wait to see if I was able to prove my-self, and he ultimately decided, appar-ently, that I had. He came up to me one day—we were actually walking down the aisle there, and he came up and he said: You know, you are OK, kid. And for that, that was high praise. We all have heard some of the leg-endary stories of when individuals kind of came head-to-head or toe-to-toe with John McCain, and certainly there were some areas where we disagreed. We had a little bit different view on earmarks. And that was not just my re-lationship with Senator McCain but previous Alaskan Senators as well. But I think we all agreed that our disagree-ments were principled in nature. I remember one very interesting and heated exchange over the merits of es-sential air service, and John was on one side of the issue and I was an advo-cate for essential air. We were literally nose-to-nose, and I said: Don’t you un-derstand that it is called essential air because it is essential because we don’t have roads to these places? And he kind of growled at me and: Well, I don’t know why we need to have it. There were legendary back-and-forths, and sometimes you won, sometimes John won, but it was always with a great deal of passion that these exchanges moved forward. Then there was the other end of the spectrum—those times when John and I were voting together, sometimes against the majority of our own party. Healthcare and the ACA vote last year is certainly a prime example of that. That was a tough vote. That was a tough vote for our conference. It was a difficult vote, but I will tell you, it was comforting to have some solidarity with my friend John McCain even when it was clear that we may have dis-agreed with many of our colleagues. But John was one who, when he had made up his mind up, he had made up his mind, and you respected that. John visited Alaska, and it helped validate his view that climate change is real, that it is something we have to deal with, and that we have to take practical steps to address it. And I agree with John. I don’t need any con-vincing on that, and I am going to be proud to help achieve that goal. I valued John’s work on campaign fi-nance reform and comprehensive immi-gration reform. I was never part of the gang on immigration, but my votes clearly marked me as a fellow traveler. We also shared a strong respect for our Native peoples. Both Arizona and Alaska have many Tribes and large concentrations of indigenous Ameri-cans, and his decades of work to ad-vance the cause of Native people was legendary. Because John accomplished so much during his time here—we all talk about his time spent on the international front working on defense issues, but I think oftentimes the issues with Na-tive Americans, Indian issues, were overlooked, so let me comment on that for a moment. Back in the 1990s, John joined with Senator Inouye of Hawaii on amend-ments to the Indian Self-Determina-tion Act providing for Tribal self-gov-ernance compacting. That opened up a whole new era of opportunity for Alas-ka Tribes. It laid the groundwork for Alaska Tribes to take over the delivery of Native healthcare from a failing Federal bureaucracy. Now, around the State, whether you are up in Utqiagvik or down in Ketchikan, they enjoy award-winning, world-class healthcare in a system that the Native people con-trol, and that really would not have been possible without people like John McCain fighting for our Native people. I think that John would have been proud of me on the afternoon that he passed. I was in the village of Savoonga, which is a small commu-nity—about 800 people—on St. Law-rence Island, about 40 miles from Rus-sia. It is in the Bering Sea. It is one of the most remote places in Alaska. I was there to conduct a field hearing— the Indian Affairs Committee—focused on poor housing conditions, over-crowded housing, where our Native people are forced to live in extraor-dinarily difficult homes with difficult sanitation problems in these very re-mote communities. John was really a champion for ending the Third World living conditions that too many of our Native people still endure. We have a lot of unfinished work on that front, and I plan to attack it with the same vigor John brought to the fight. I mentioned John’s love for our mili-tary, for our veterans. He will long be remembered for his efforts to bring our military back from years of neglect and the devastating pain of sequestra-tion. The story that we all know—John worked on major defense budgets and was an extraordinary advocate for all of our defense. I think my story and how it intersects with a very, very small group of elderly Alaska warriors demonstrates that this big, strong, gruff guy, who was truly taking on the world, had a very soft spot in his heart, and the kindness he showed to these few elderly Alaska Native Guard vet-erans is something that is worthy of sharing. After Senator Stevens left the Senate in 2009, the Pentagon had tried to cut off the pensions of two dozen—just two dozen—elderly men who served in the Alaska Territorial Guard during World War II. Senator Stevens had worked very hard to get their service counted as military service and to grant them veteran status, and, not unlike the way Ted did things, he took care of it in the appropriations process, so it was an earmark. Over the Christmas holiday, the Pentagon kind of worked to rein-terpret that earmark. Needless to say, Ted was gone, and this was an impor-tant issue to these 24 elderly veterans, and so I moved an amendment on the Defense appropriations bill to reverse it. I talked to John, and he was pretty skeptical at first because, he said, it was an earmark. But then he asked whether these Native Guardsmen, these Eskimo Scouts, had actually seen war, and I was able to share with him the story of those who had stood look-out on the homeland in the Aleutian Islands, the reminder that in Alaska, we were the only American soil that was occupied by the Japanese in World War II and that it was these Native warriors who were standing guard, standing lookout. So, long story short, John knew that supporting these elder-ly veterans was the right thing to do. There are so many things we can share about John, but really when I think about his legacy going forward, whether he is ‘‘Project Maverick,’’ as my friend from South Carolina has said, or however we choose to remem-ber him, I do hope that history will re-member John as an institutionalist in the highest tradition of the Senate. John was committed to thoughtful debate and regular order. He was an ef-fective committee chairman, respect-ing the interests of members on both sides. He managed his bills on the floor working hand-in-hand with the other side. These were tough bills. The an-nual Defense authorization bill draws 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04SE6.016 S04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6021 September 4, 2018 
something on the order of 600 amend-ments. He was always protective of committee prerogatives. He was known to put his foot down when appropri-ators sought to muscle out the author-izers. He was always looking toward compromise and bipartisanship. John fought for our institution be-cause he never lost sight of the fact that the legislative branch is a coequal branch of government, not subordinate to the White House. He took no guff— we all know—from the administration, no matter who was in charge. That wasn’t just because John liked to flex his senatorial muscle; it was because he was a true believer in the Constitu-tion and its checks and balances. He was a true believer in the institutions of government and a true believer in democracy. John certainly made his share of his-tory, and he has earned his place in it. I think we all know how much we will miss him, his passion, his courage. His loss leaves us sad, but at the same time, I think it offers us a beacon of hope here in the Senate as we reflect on his life and his contributions. Senator G
RAHAM observed that John will not be replaced by any one Sen-ator. It is going to take all of us work-ing together. It is going to take all of us to really accomplish what John knew we were capable of. By coming together, respecting one another, one another’s principles, even when we dis-agree, and working through these dis-agreements to compromise—that is how we really honor John’s legacy. There are a lot of words, and these words will come and go, but the way to truly honor him is to live out what he believed this Senate is capable of doing. We were reminded that there is a lit-tle John McCain in all of us. I think it would be good for us to remind one an-other of that, to urge the inner John McCain in each of us to present itself in a way that betters our institution. On behalf of the people of the 49th State, the great State of Alaska, I thank you, John McCain. I thank the family for the years that you gave him to us, to his country. We will take it from here, inspired by your service, John McCain, by your intellect, by your integrity, and by your determina-tion to do right. May you rest in peace, John McCain. Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending clo-ture motion, which the clerk will state. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Elad L. Roisman, of Maine, to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commission for a term expiring June 5, 2023. Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Michael B. Enzi, Roy Blunt, Thom Tillis, Mike Rounds, Johnny Isakson, Roger F. Wicker, Mike Crapo, Richard C. Shelby, Steve Daines, John Kennedy, John Boozman, David Perdue, John Thune, Shelley Moore Capito, Pat Rob-erts. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. By unanimous consent, the man-datory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Elad L. Roisman, of Maine, to be a Member of the Securities and Ex-change Commission for a term expiring June 5, 2023, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 83, nays 14, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 201 Ex.] YEAS—83 
Alexander Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—14 
Baldwin Blumenthal Booker Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hirono Markey Menendez Merkley Schatz Schumer Warren Whitehouse 
NOT VOTING—2 
Brown Sanders 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 83, the nays are 14. The motion is agreed to. The Senator from Tennessee. 
REMEMBERING JOHN MCCAIN  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Thank you, Mr. President. Mr. President, I am glad I traveled to Phoenix Thursday for John McCain’s funeral. You learn a lot more about a U.S. Senator in his hometown than you do here in Washington, DC. What was clear in Phoenix last Thursday was that John McCain and the State of Arizona were well con-nected with one another. Frankly, I had wondered about that because it is a long way to Phoenix. It is a 5-hour flight. Sometimes John took a con-necting flight. He must have taken hundreds of trips around the world. So I wondered if he really was connected to the State the same as he was to Sen-ate. But I shouldn’t have had any doubt about that because you are not going to get elected six times in a primary and then six times in a general elec-tion, in a State where both primary and general elections are competitive, without being well connected to your State, and he obviously was. Listening to those who remembered John in Phoenix, it was clear that John McCain kept his feet on the ground in Arizona. Grant Woods, the former at-torney general, spoke first. He was very good. He captured John perfectly. He had been his chief of staff. He had been the attorney general of Arizona. In his remarks, he captured John’s er-ratic driving and his mercurial person-ality. Tommy Espinoza, a friend of Senator McCain, helped us understand, again, how John thought his job was to serve everybody, whether they were Repub-licans, Democrats, or from whatever walk of life. We all knew John McCain was a sports nut, and I don’t guess that any of us were surprised to see Larry Fitz-gerald speak, who is entering his 15th year in the National Football League. I was impressed when Larry Fitzgerald talked about having so much respect for John McCain that he—Larry Fitz-gerald—flew to Hanoi, went to the lake where McCain crashed his plane, and then went to the cell in Hanoi where he spent nearly 6 years. Joe Biden brought the only touch of Washington, DC, to Phoenix last Thursday, but it really wasn’t that big of a touch because what Joe mainly talked about was his friendship with John McCain and their relationships, which all of us know is the heart and soul of the Senate. The service in the big Baptist church, concluding with Frank Sinatra singing ‘‘My Way,’’ was a reminder that the service was, well, pure John McCain. Those of us who eulogized John are honest enough to say that he was an equal-opportunity insulter. He took the head off of almost every one of us in the Senate at one time or another. He was filled with passion for every issue he touched, and that often led to explosions. After the explosions and after the inevitable apologies, which usually didn’t take very long, he would say: I never expected to be elected Mr. Congeniality. I chalked up those explo-sions—and I think almost all of us 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04SE6.018 S04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6022 September 4, 2018 
did—to those 6 years of captivity in Hanoi. All of us wondered and admired how someone who suffered that much pain in those circumstances for the rest of his life could lead such a pro-ductive life and be so useful to our country. John brought the same passion and generosity of spirit that he had for his issues to his friendships—and I was glad to be included as one of those— and the extent of that generosity of spirit to people he didn’t know, whom he had just met in many walks of life. I can remember when he was cam-paigning in Tennessee with me. He was spending the night with me at our home in East Tennessee. It was late when we got there, 10:30 or 11. My son had a group of national songwriters who were writing what they all hoped to be the next No. 1 hit. Of course, they were eager for John to hear their No. 1 hit. He stopped, and he listened. He spent some time with them. One of them said to me last week how thrilled he still is that he got to meet John McCain. The next morning, Eugene Caylor, who is a craftsman from Townsend, TN, was coming to work, and John was leaving. It turns out that Eugene had been in Vietnam when John had been there. So they talked about that for a few minutes. Eugene told me this past week how much he valued those few minutes with John McCain. John McCain came to the Senate in 1976 or so. John was then a Senate liai-son. He got his hair cut by Mario D’Angelo, who is still here cutting hair. I saw Mario the other day. He has been cutting my hair over a long period of time, as well as O
RRIN HATCH ’s and many of us. Mario said that about the time Senator McCain was running for President, he was on television, sitting there with his wife Cindy, and some interviewer asked him if he had any friends in the Senate. He thought for a moment, and finally Cindy said: Well, there is Mario. And McCain said: Mario the butcher; he is responsible for all these scars on my face. Last week, after John McCain’s death, Mario laughed and said: That is what he always called me, ‘‘the butch-er,’’ but he was my buddy. When he found out I was going to Phoenix, he said: Say a big good-bye to my buddy John McCain. That is how Mario felt, and that is how many, many of us felt. We have heard so much said about Senator McCain during the last week that one would wonder if there was anything left to say. What I want to say is not something different, but I would like to emphasize something, and that is the commitment Senator John McCain had to the Senate as an institution. His devotion to the Senate as an institution is, by far, not his most newsworthy accomplishment, but it underlay many of his most impor-tant decisions. He said he voted against the ObamaCare repeal because it didn’t go through the regular order, the kind of order an institution ought to have. The last chapter of one of his books is entitled ‘‘The Regular Order.’’ In 2005, when Democrats balked at George W. Bush’s judicial nominees— Republicans were seeking to change the very nature of the Senate by turn-ing it into a majoritarian institution— Senator McCain worked with Repub-licans and Democrats in sort of a gang, as they called it, to try to make sure that didn’t happen. He wanted to pre-serve the Senate as an institution. I worked with him many, many hours in 2011, 2012, and 2013 on the same sort of thing. We saw the difficulty that President Obama at that time had in getting some of his nominations con-firmed. So we worked to change the Senate rules so that President Obama and subsequent Presidents could get their nominees approved in a reason-able time. We worked with Senator Carl Levin, for example, who insisted that we need-ed to be successful or else we would have one of those nuclear explosions that would change the nature of the Senate and make it a majoritarian in-stitution that ran roughshod over the minority. Senator Levin said at the time—with which Senator McCain and I both agreed—that a Senate in which the majority can change the rules at any time is a Senate without any rules. What Senator Levin might also have said is that the Senate is a weaker in-stitution, deserving less respect. In a speech at Morristown, NJ, a few years ago, the late Justice Scalia said that ‘‘the reason America’s basic free-dom has endured for 200 years is not the amendments to the Constitution but the Constitution itself.’’ Justice Scalia said this: 
Every tin horn dictator in the world today, every president for life, has a Bill of Rights. That’s not what makes us free; if it did, you would rather live in Zimbabwe. But you wouldn’t want to live in most countries in the world that have a Bill of Rights. What has made us free is our Constitution. Think of the word ‘‘constitution.’’ It means structure. 
Scalia continued: 
That’s why America’s framers debated . . . the structure of the federal government. The genius of the American constitutional sys-tem is the dispersal of power. Once power is centralized in one person, or one part [of government], a Bill of Rights is just words on paper. 
John McCain understood that. He sensed that a nation as fragmented as ours has become in this internet de-mocracy in which we live today espe-cially needs strong institutions. The most important institution designed to reach a consensus, a compromise, an agreement, the kind of agreement most Americans will support and the kind of agreement that will last a long time— the institution most suited to do that is the U.S. Senate. That is our job, just as it is our job to weigh in against the excesses of the popular will and the ex-cesses of the Chief Executive. If we don’t do our jobs, as Justice Scalia said, we are risking creating in our country an authoritarian government. The U.S. Senate is a representative body, so some Senators stand out above others. There is usually one Sen-ator who stands out over all the other Senators, and, for the last few years, that has been John McCain. For me, one of the most enduring contributions John McCain made to this institution was his continuous efforts to help strengthen the Senate as an institu-tion, to see to it that we do our jobs, providing checks against the excesses of the popular will, excesses of the Ex-ecutive, and that we work hard to find the kind of compromise and consensus and agreement that most Americans can support and that can last for a long time. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. DAINES ). The Senator from Alaska. 
TRIBUTE TO JONATHAN ROWAN AND AARON  
ISAACS  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, it is Tuesday afternoon, and although I usu-ally come to the floor of the Senate on Thursday to talk about an individual in Alaska who makes my State such a great place—what we call the Alaskan of the Week—we haven’t been able to do that for a couple of weeks, so I thought I would just move up the timeline today and talk a little bit about some people in my State who really have made an incredible dif-ference. It is one of my favorite speech-es I give throughout the year and throughout the week because it is about people who help their commu-nity, help their State, help their coun-try, and oftentimes they are not al-ways recognized. So today we are going to talk about two—not one but two—individuals who are our Alaskans of the Week. We actu-ally made our poster board today to be a little bit more specific on what just transpired in our great State a couple of weeks ago. The two Alaskans are Jon Rowan and Aaron Isaacs. As I mentioned, we have a beautiful, incredible State, and recently I was re-minded again of just how awe-inspiring the great State of Alaska is. I have been home pretty much every weekend this summer. I had the opportunity to visit 12 villages in the western part of our State, where I was able to meet with my constituents—some of the most generous, resilient, and, very im-portant, patriotic people in our great Nation. Jon Rowan and Aaron Isaacs are part of that tradition. Alaska has more vet-erans per capita than any State in the country, and Alaska Natives serve at higher rates in the military than any other ethnic group in the country. So this is very special patriotism, particu-larly with regard to the Alaska Native population in our great State. So what have they done? What did Jon Rowan and Aaron Isaacs do? They live in a wonderful community in Southeast Alaska, Klawock, and this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04SE6.022 S04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6023 September 4, 2018 
community now has a 37-foot totem pole dedicated to those who have served our country in the military. That totem pole now stands tall be-cause of the dedication and skill of Jon, who is the carver, and Mr. Isaacs, a highly respected Alaska Native elder who had the idea and the vision and raised the money to make it happen. Let me talk a little bit about both of these Alaskan patriots. Jon was raised in Klawock. When he was in the eighth grade, he saw an ad featuring a group of men in uniform on Zodiacs at night, recon marines on a mission, and he was very struck by that. He said he wanted to be a marine. He wanted to be like them. Shortly after he graduated from high school, he contacted a recruiter whose name he still remembers, Gunny Joins, and 2 weeks after graduation, in 1982, he left his village to become a U.S. ma-rine. Four years later, he was back home and met his future wife Patricia. They were soon married, and he and Patricia have been happily married ever since and have raised two fine daughters. Along the way, Jon worked as a logger, then got a job as a janitor in the local high school. John had a pas-sion for carving. In the Native tradi-tion, carving was something he had done since he was a child. He continued it throughout his life, and he became the Native artisan teacher and a mas-ter carver at his local high school. At about this time—and remember, this is about 30 years ago—he was ap-proached by Mr. Isaacs, who talked to him about his plans to carve a giant totem pole in tribute to our service-members. Now, totem poles in South-east Alaska Native culture are revered, and they are often carved and raised in ceremonies commemorating significant people or significant events. They are very special. As my colleagues can see in the pic-tures we have, this is what they were working on. A Smithsonian researcher once wrote that such totem poles in Alaska are ‘‘as beautiful and inter-esting as the Parthenon of the [an-cient] Greeks.’’ They are truly awe-in-spiring pieces of art and pieces of cul-ture. So 30 years ago, Mr. Isaacs and Jon, my fellow brother marine, talked about this. Jon liked the idea, but he kind of shrugged it off. He knew all the work that went into building a totem pole. He knew how expensive it was. He didn’t know where the funds would come from, but Mr. Isaacs was deter-mined. He had a dream. He had a vi-sion. So Mr. Isaacs, who is now 80 years old, but he doesn’t look it—we can see him in some of these photos—also grew up in Klawock. His father served in the storied Alaska Territorial Guard dur-ing World War II. These were the Alas-kan Natives who signed up by the thou-sands to defend Alaska, which a lot of Americans don’t realize was actually the site of major battles during World War II against the Japanese. Mr. Isaacs had two brothers who also served in the military, one in the Army and one in the Marine Corps. In 1961, he was drafted and became a paratrooper in the storied 82nd Airborne Division. So my colleagues are starting to get a sense of what I am talking about when it comes to Alaska Natives and serving in the military, an unbeliev-able tradition and special patriotism. When Mr. Isaacs got back from his duty with the 82nd Airborne, he turned to carpentry—something he was trained in—and he built many of the buildings in Klawock. He married Betty, his wonderful wife, and in Octo-ber—just next month—they will be celebrating 52 years of marriage. They raised a family and built a wonderful life. Over the years, he became more in-volved in helping his fellow veterans. He and a handful of other veterans began talking about this idea of cre-ating a totem pole as a tribute to the so many veterans in Southeast Alaska. He knew that if it was going to be done right, he and the community had to do it themselves, so they began to raise money 30 years ago, dollar by dollar, quarter by quarter. He held his first fundraising breakfast at his wife’s res-taurant, where fellow veterans would donate the bacon and eggs and pancake mix. It was slow going, but he didn’t stop. He said: ‘‘We had been struggling and struggling, and it was a handful of veterans who kept us going, and we had the vision.’’ He began to put more energy into raising funds. He sent letters. His fund-raising efforts began to spread throughout Southeast Alaska. He reached out to companies, corpora-tions, the Department of Defense even. Eventually, his efforts began to pay off. The funds started to come in and, all told, he raised $61,000. ‘‘It was a labor of love,’’ he said, ‘‘but I loved every bit of it.’’ Think about that—$61,000 over al-most 30 years of fundraising. Talk about perseverance for one idea and vi-sion. So after many setbacks, Mr. Isaacs and the Prince of Wales Veterans Asso-ciation were able to procure a giant— and I am talking giant—red cedar tree, with the assistance of the U.S. Forest Service, and Alaska Specialty Wood helped to carve and transport this mas-sive log. Jon, with the help of his students, got to work on the log. About a year ago, I was in Klawock, and we saw the hard work they were doing. They were carving. It was unbe-lievable. When I was invited to come to the raising of this totem pole, I said: ‘‘I wouldn’t miss it for the world.’’ So just 2 weeks ago, in this wonderful town of about 800 people on Alaska’s Prince of Wales Island, hundreds—hun-dreds—gathered after a 3-day ceremony to raise this massive and lovingly carved totem pole that pays homage to our veterans—all of our American vet-erans. Let me give my colleagues a little description of the totem pole we are seeing here. At its base is a folded flag, which is a flag that a family receives at a veteran’s funeral. As we progress up the totem pole a little bit more, there are two soldiers on either side. One is an ancient warrior holding a double-headed dagger and a pick, the other is a 1960s-era U.S. Army soldier complete with a pack of Lucky Strikes tucked in his helmet. Going further up, we can see the em-blem for our POWs and Missing in Ac-tion military members, and then fur-ther up is the insignia for the five dif-ferent branches of the U.S. military po-sitioned so you have to walk around the entire totem pole. At the very top are an Eagle and a Raven. Now, of course, there is Alaska Native cultural significance here, but also Jon, the carver, wanted the Eagle and the Raven back-to-back on the totem pole. ‘‘For the veterans, this is us watch-ing each other’s backs,’’ he said. Mr. Isaacs praised Jon’s work: ‘‘It’s beau-tiful and it’s perfect.’’ You get a sense of just how massive this totem pole is—37 feet but several tons. It is not easy raising one of these totem poles. You see the ropes here. It involves ropes and pulleys and dozens of people pulling this giant totem pole up into its place of honor in this won-derful community. I had the honor of being there. I also had the honor of bringing our new Commandant of the Coast Guard, Ad-miral Schultz, with me. There is the Admiral. There is Jon, my fellow marine. There is the totem pole being raised. It was an unbelievable ceremony. Several hundred were there watching something, the vision of which began 30 years ago by two veterans who wanted to honor all American veterans. Jon was there with his wife and two daugh-ters—a master artist, a veteran, a proud Tlingit, an Alaskan, an Amer-ican, a marine—filled with gratitude for the part he played in helping Mr. Isaac’s dream—a Native elder, an Army veteran, an airborne soldier—helping that vision come true. Mr. Isaac’s family was also there with him, including his son, who is a paratrooper in the Army. This commu-nity is so patriotic, they serve their country generation after generation in the military. ‘‘I don’t care who sees me,’’ Mr. Isaacs told a friend next to him, a Ko-rean war combat veteran, ‘‘I’m going to cry when that [beautiful totem] pole goes up.’’ For all of us, it was very emotional. I once again congratulate Jon Row-land and Aaron Isaacs. Thank you for all you have done. Thank you for your vision. Thank you for your hard work. Thank you for your military service for your country and for your commu-nity. Veterans not just in Alaska but all across America, when you come to Alaska, when you come to Southeast 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04SE6.024 S04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6024 September 4, 2018 
Alaska, come to Klawock and see a massive totem pole that these two wonderful men spent 30 years putting together, raised in the honor of every American veteran and military mem-ber who has defended freedom in our great Nation. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. 
LABOR DAY  
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, yester-day around the country, Americans gathered to honor the women and men who built our economy and continue to power it today—American workers. Almost every year when we return after Labor Day, I speak about Amer-ican workers—those who work with their hands, their shoulders, their arms, their brains—because all work has dignity. All work matters to our country. Martin Luther King said, ‘‘All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance.’’ He told the Local 1199 hospital workers union more than 50 years ago that ‘‘no labor is really me-nial unless you’re not getting adequate wages’’—something that is too often the case today. Let me talk a little bit about that. All work has dignity. That is what Labor Day is all about. Over the last week, I traveled all over Ohio, meeting with workers who power our State and support our families. Last week, I talked with mineworkers and Team-sters in Cambridge, in Eastern Ohio, in Appalachia. They are fighting to pro-tect the pensions they earned over a lifetime of work. One retired coal miner, John Vargo, who was there with his wife Linda, gave me a coal-black beer stein that was given to his father. Five thousand of those steins were given out to UMWA members 40 years ago. The front features a miner with a pickax doing his job working through a black tunnel. The inscription on the bottom says that it ‘‘represents the long strug-gle historically for humane working conditions.’’ On Sunday, I talked to firefighters and steelworkers and so many others— several hundred workers in Lorain; auto, steel, iron workers, carpenters, and other tradespeople; machinists, service workers, SEIU, AFSCME, and others. Yesterday in Cleveland, I spoke with workers at the 47th annual Labor Day parade and festival. This event was started nearly half a century ago by Mayor Carl Stokes, continued by his brother Lou Stokes and by Stephanie Tubbs Jones, and carried on today by my friend Congresswoman M
ARCIA  F
UDGE . It is a reminder of the historic connection between the civil rights movement and our labor movement. Both are movements for justice. They are about treating Americans—no mat-ter whether you work in a hospital, punch a clock, work construction, are an hourly wage worker, work for tips— treating all Americans with dignity and respect. This morning, I met with a group of firefighters, several of them retired— union firefighters and fire chiefs—in Shaker Heights, Lakewood, and Cleve-land, all of whom talked to me about how we know that when there is a fire, firefighters rush into danger while all of us civilians flee and rush out. What we don’t think about enough—and we know the dangers of the job: a col-lapsing roof, a floor falling in—what we don’t think enough about is the chemi-cals they are exposed to. That is why we pushed legislation here—and then the dollars to go with it—for a cancer registry, so we can figure out why so many firefighters are dying from can-cer and why so many have developed cancer after 10, 15, or 20 years on the job exposed to these chemicals. All these workers—retired fire-fighters, mineworkers, Teamsters, steelworkers—all of these workers are part of the struggle. On my lapel, I wear this pin depicting a canary in a birdcage. It was given to me at a workers Memorial Day in Lo-rain, OH, as a reminder of what Amer-ican workers have done for this coun-try. At the turn of the last century, in 1900, mineworkers took a canary in a cage down in the mines. If the canary stopped singing, if the canary died from toxic gas or lack of oxygen, the mineworker knew he had minutes to get out alive. He didn’t have a union strong enough to protect him. He didn’t have a government that cared enough to protect him. American workers in the labor move-ment changed all that. Workers orga-nized. They ended child labor. They pushed through Congress the 40-hour workweek and overtime pay. They helped to create Social Security and Medicare. They fought for workers’ rights, women’s rights, and civil rights. The economy grew, and workers’ wages grew along with it. Profits were up, compensation for executives went up, productivity went up, and workers’ wages pretty much went up with it. That was then. American workers have been the engine behind all that success. You build an economy from the mid-dle out, not from the top down—al-though, from the tax bill this Congress passed, you would think my colleagues believe that if you shovel enough money to the rich, it will trickle down and help the middle class. It has never really worked that way. When I say that workers are the en-gine behind that success, I mean all workers—whether you punch a clock, swipe a badge, earn a salary, or make tips. But today this hard work isn’t paying off. Corporate profits have gone up, executive compensation has ex-ploded, stock prices have gone up, workers are ever more productive, but wages have barely budged. Wages have declined this year in spite of the ad-ministration singing its own praises for a growing economy. At the same time, do you know what else has gone up? Healthcare costs have gone up. Healthcare costs go up while executive compensation goes up, while profits go up, but workers’ wages have simply plateaued. Workers are getting squeezed at both ends. Paychecks aren’t growing fast enough. Workers’ budgets are being stretched thin with the cost of everything—particularly housing, prescription drugs, and col-lege tuition. We need to think differently about the American economy. Corporations don’t drive the economy; workers do. We grow the economy from the middle class out. If work isn’t valued, Ameri-cans can’t earn their way to a better life for their families no matter how hard they work. Millions of Americans work long hours but struggle to get by, and they don’t feel as though anyone notices or cares. That feeling was captured pretty well by my friend, Ohioan Rita Lewis, the widow of Teamster Butch Lewis. She herself has become an advocate, fighting for the pensions her husband and other Teamsters earned. Not long ago, Rita said, ‘‘It’s like we’re invis-ible.’’ Too often, she is right. To the millions of Americans work-ing too many hours for too little pay, let me tell you this: You aren’t invis-ible. You may be invisible to most Members of the Senate, you may be in-visible to Washington, you may be in-visible to the corrupt State govern-ment in Columbus, OH, but you are not invisible to me, and you are not invis-ible to some people in this body. We see you. We hear you. We fight for you. We fight for paid family leave. We fight for paid sick leave. We fight for the over-time pay that you earn. We fight to give workers a say in their jobs. We fight to save American pensions, give people a break, and make it a bit easier to save for retire-ment. We work to encourage companies to invest in their greatest asset: you, the American workers. That is what we will fight for not just on Labor Day but the next day and the day after that and every day throughout the year. If you love this country, you fight for people who make it grow, and you fight for people who make it work. I encourage my colleagues to reflect this week on what we do to honor American workers who make our coun-try great. HONORING JOURNALISTS  
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, last week, we were reminded again of the important work journalists do in their communities, breaking stories that af-fect Ohioans. We know what comes out of the White House, as the President calls journalists and reporters enemies of the people. Last Wednesday, I saw something again to underscore and il-lustrate how wrong that is. The Chillicothe Gazette—a town 50 miles south of Columbus—reported that 28 people at an Ohio correctional institution were sent to the hospital after being exposed to a mysterious substance, prison guards and inmates alike. The reporters talked to the Ohio 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04SE6.025 S04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6025 September 4, 2018 
Highway Patrol. They were able to confirm that the incident began when an inmate began showing signs of an overdose. They learned that more than 20 staff members had potentially been exposed and were sent to a hospital for treatment. They reported that some re-ceived the drug naloxone, which is used to reverse an overdose. After investigating, the reporters at the Chillicothe Gazette were able to confirm that it was fentanyl-laced her-oin that sent workers to the hospital. Reporters talked with one corrections officer who told them: We were trying to keep up with everything. It was a form of controlled chaos. The journalists at the Gazette did what good reporters do in a rapidly un-folding incident like this one: They talked to witnesses. They reached out to the institutions involved. They es-tablished a hotline. They tracked down a pair of 911 calls, tracing the first call to 8:45 a.m. on Wednesday. They didn’t stop there. They pub-lished multiple followup stories. They looked into the prison’s history. They found that the institution had a his-tory of high drug use. They tracked down the most recent prison report. They found that Ross Correctional led the State in positive random drug tests in 2015. Like so much good reporting, these stories were a team effort among jour-nalists at the Gazette. I happened to be at the Gazette that morning around the time the story broke. I talked to Mike Throne, the editor. Mike under-stands, as all of his reporters do and as the community does, that people don’t see the Chillicothe Gazette—people don’t see these hard-working reporters, who are not paid a lot of money—not paid anything close to what they earn, frankly—they don’t see them as en-emies of the people; they see them as serving their community. These report-ers do their job. They were informing us, the citizens of their State and this country. They were serving their com-munities in Chillicothe, Bournville, Circleville, Waverly—all over Southern Ohio. They deserve our respect. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar Nos. 1069, 1070, 1071, 1072, and all nominations placed on the Secretary’s desk in the Air Force, Army, Marine Corps, and Navy; that the nominations be confirmed; that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the RECORD ; that the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate re-sume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The nominations considered and con-firmed are as follows: 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment as Chief of Air Force Reserve and ap-pointment to the grade of lieutenant general in the Reserve of the Air Force while as-signed to a position of importance and re-sponsibility under title 10, U.S.C., sections 601 and 8038: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Richard W. Scobee 
IN THE ARMY  The following named Army National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: To be brigadier general Col. Anthony H. Adrian The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Thomas S. James, Jr. The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. James M. Richardson N
OMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S D
ESK 
IN THE AIR FORCE  PN2152 AIR FORCE nominations (47) begin-ning-LA RITA S. ABEL, and ending JARED K. YOUNG, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 18, 2018. PN2154 AIR FORCE nominations (22) begin-ning DAVID A. BARGATZE, and ending FRANK YOON, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 18, 2018. PN2400 AIR FORCE nominations (2) begin-ning TODD A. BIALOWAS, and ending ROSEMARY A. CITIZEN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of August 16, 2018. PN2401 AIR FORCE nomination of Jona-than W. Beich, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of August 16, 2018. PN2402 AIR FORCE nominations (6) begin-ning ROLAND W. NASH, and ending KELLY E. MILLER, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of August 16, 2018. 
IN THE ARMY  PN2295 ARMY nomination of Donald C. Carmichael, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 18, 2018. PN2358 ARMY nomination of Adam R. Liberman, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 31, 2018. PN2359 ARMY nominations (18) beginning JEFFREY A. BRUCE, and ending PATRICK A. YOUNG, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of July 31, 2018. PN2360 ARMY nominations (6) beginning TYLER Q. HEMMERICH, and ending FRED-ERIC M. PALLEZ, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 31, 2018. PN2361 ARMY nomination of David M. Barnes, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 31, 2018. PN2362 ARMY nominations (136) beginning BROOKE R. ADAMS, and ending LAURA D. YOUNG, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of July 31, 2018. PN2363 ARMY nominations (185) beginning JOSEPH B. AHLBORN, and ending LASHELLE M. ZELLNER, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of July 31, 2018. PN2364 ARMY nominations (40) beginning RUSSELL A. BURNHAM, and ending ERIC M. WAGNER, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 31, 2018. PN2365 ARMY nominations (23) beginning JERAMIE ABEL, and ending WHITNEY A. WALDSMITH, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 31, 2018. PN2403 ARMY nominations (11) beginning JAN K. BEHN, and ending CARLOS G. TORRESFEBUS, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of August 16, 2018. PN2404 ARMY nomination of Taylor M. Lee, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Au-gust 16, 2018. PN2405 ARMY nomination of Robert A. Deitz, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Au-gust 16, 2018. PN2406 ARMY nominations (12) beginning CHRISTOPHER E. BARTON, and ending JEFFREY D. WOOD, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of August 16, 2018. PN2407 ARMY nomination of James M. Smith, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Au-gust 16, 2018. PN2408 ARMY nomination of Jeffrey S. Hartsell, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of August 16, 2018. PN2409 ARMY nomination of Carl C. Gramstorff, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of August 16, 2018. PN2410 ARMY nominations (99) beginning CHARLES L. ANDERSON, and ending CHANG M. R. YIM, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of August 16, 2018. PN2411 ARMY nominations (311) beginning CHAD C. ADAMS, and ending ERIKA K. ZAVYALOV, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of August 16, 2018. PN2412 ARMY nomination of Juan C. Rizo- Lenis, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Au-gust 16, 2018. PN2413 ARMY nomination of Rufus H. Shumate, III, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of August 16, 2018. PN2414 ARMY nominations (100) beginning CAROL H. ADAMS, and ending TOMASZ ZIELINSKI, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of August 16, 2018. PN2415 ARMY nominations (103) beginning COREBRIANS A. ABRAHAM, and ending D013412, which nominations were received by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04SE6.026 S04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6026 September 4, 2018 
the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of August 16, 2018. PN2416 ARMY nominations (16) beginning KRISTIN E. AGRESTA, and ending SCOTT WILLENS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of August 16, 2018. PN2417 ARMY nominations (26) beginning MICHAEL V. BEAN, and ending D011029, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of August 16, 2018. PN2418 ARMY nomination of Samuel N. Blacker, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of August 16, 2018. PN2419 ARMY nominations (3) beginning RYAN M. DERRICK, and ending ROBERT W. LOYD, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of August 16, 2018. PN2420 ARMY nomination of Joseph L. Handke, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of August 16, 2018. PN2421 ARMY nomination of Mallory A. Valverde, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of August 16, 2018. PN2422 ARMY nomination of Mason W. Heimer, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of August 16, 2018. PN2423 ARMY nomination of Roger M. Lewis, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Au-gust 16, 2018. PN2424 ARMY nomination of Brandy L. Gardner, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of August 16, 2018. PN2425 ARMY nominations (10) beginning MATTHEW M. BACON, and ending WIL-LIAM H. WAGNER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of August 16, 2018. PN2426 ARMY nomination of Keisha R. Douglass, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of August 16, 2018. PN2427 ARMY nomination of Julie A. Balten, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of August 16, 2018. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  PN2429 MARINE CORPS nomination of Ju-liet H. Calvin, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of August 16, 2018. 
IN THE NAVY  PN2366 NAVY nomination of Katherine L. Meadows, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 31, 2018. PN2367 NAVY nominations (44) beginning CHRISTOPHER S. ANDERSON, and ending JOSHUA M. VUKELICH, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 31, 2018. PN2428 NAVY nomination of Alice S. Y. Shen, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Au-gust 16, 2018. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
REMEMBERING JESSE SCHOTT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I would like to pay tribute to a young man who recently lost his courageous battle with cancer. Jesse Schott, a 17- year-old student at North Bullitt High School near Shepherdsville, KY, be-came a local hero and will be dearly missed by all those who knew and loved him. Although first diagnosed with brain cancer at the age of 3, Jesse spent his life chasing his dreams. In fact, it was often during the darkest moments of his fight that Jesse accomplished his most impressive feats. As a first ser-geant in his Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps, JROTC, Jesse com-manded the color guard under the bright lights at the football stadium. Last December, after learning his can-cer had spread, Jesse surprised many when he competed in a drill meet. When he was too ill to complete his Eagle Scout project to build a recep-tacle for old or damaged flags to be properly retired, his fellow scouts helped finish the task. Whatever the hardship that con-fronted him, Jesse didn’t complain. Re-assured by his faith and his loving fam-ily, he persevered and kept fighting. Jesse encouraged those around him with bravery beyond his years. A fellow member of the JROTC said, ‘‘He was going through the battle of his life and he never gave up so why should I give up on anything?’’ His life may have been cut short, but Jesse clearly left a lasting impact on those he met. His community honored his life and his example. The Zoneton Fire Department named him an hon-orary firefighter. Jesse was named the honorary mayor of Hillview. The Ken-tucky National Guard made him an honorary member earlier this year. Jesse’s life will continue to inspire those who knew him and those who will hear his story for many years to come. I urge my Senate colleagues to join me in extending our condolences to Jesse’s family. I hope that their happy memories of Jesse will ease their grief during this difficult time. 
f 
NOMINATION OF ELAD ROISMAN Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, today I wish to oppose the nomination of Elad Roisman to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC. Members of the SEC are charged with the critical tasks of protecting inves-tors and their hard-earned savings and ensuring that capital markets are fair and transparent. In the aftermath of the worst finan-cial crisis since the Great Depression, these responsibilities are more impor-tant now than ever before. That is why the Senate must confirm SEC Commissioners who have learned the lessons of the financial crisis and will prioritize investor protections and maintaining a fair marketplace for all. Unfortunately, I am not confident that Mr. Roisman fits the bill. As the majority chief counsel for the Senate Banking Committee, Mr. Roisman was instrumental in devel-oping legislation that rolled back es-sential rules put in place after the fi-nancial crisis to protect consumers and help prevent another crisis from occur-ring. According to the nonpartisan Con-gressional Budget Office, passing that legislation into law has increased the probability that a large bank will fail or that another financial crisis will occur. During the last financial crisis, more than 2 million Californians were unem-ployed, and nearly 200,000 Californians filed for bankruptcy. We simply cannot return to that time, and Mr. Roisman’s work on the Dodd-Frank rollback bill should raise concerns about his commitment to pro-tecting consumers and promoting fair markets. In addition, the manner in which Mr. Roisman’s nomination has proceeded breaks with a longstanding Senate tra-dition to confirm SEC nominees in bi-partisan pairs. The President has yet to nominate a replacement for a Democratic Commis-sioner whose term expired in June 2017 and is slated to step down later this year. I believe the Senate should follow its tradition of waiting until the President nominates a Democratic Commissioner before advancing Mr. Roisman, a con-servative pick, in the Senate. Proceeding in a bipartisan fashion is critical for ensuring that no President can stack independent agencies like the SEC with a large partisan major-ity. For these reasons, I must regretfully vote no on Mr. Roisman’s confirma-tion. f 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN M CCAIN Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I wish to honor the life and legacy of my friend and colleague, Senator John McCain. Over these past months, his presence has been dearly missed, and I must admit it is still hard to imagine that John isn’t coming back. I want to associate myself with the remarks of my colleagues who have so eloquently discussed John’s lasting leg-acy as a great statesman and as a true American hero. I join with them and so many Americans across the country in mourning his passing. As many people know, John had a special relationship with New Hamp-shire, a relationship forged during his Presidential campaigns. We often con-sidered John one of our own, a true Granite Stater. He just seemed to click with the Granite State; in fact, he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04SE6.031 S04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6027 September 4, 2018 
would call New Hampshire his ‘‘second favorite state.’’ Throughout his many visits to New Hampshire, Granite Staters appre-ciated his candor and sincerity. The Straight Talk Express wasn’t just a slogan—the John McCain you saw was the John McCain you got. Most memorable, during a campaign stop in Wolfeboro in 2008, a mother stood up and asked John to wear a bracelet with her son’s name it. Her son, Matthew Stanley, was only 22 years old when he died serving in Iraq. She wanted to make sure that her son’s sacrifice wasn’t forgotten, that he didn’t die in vain. John said he would be honored to wear the bracelet. From then on, it was on his wrist everywhere he went. In his final days, John contin-ued to wear the bracelet of Matthew Stanley on his wrist. Until the very end, John was true to his word and true to his convictions. As my chairman on the Armed Serv-ices Committee, it was always a great honor to work with John on the annual defense authorization bill. The issues we addressed were so important to him. His devotion to service and the Armed Forces not only ran deep in his char-acter, but in his family legacy. Deliv-ering a good and timely defense bill was John’s No. 1 priority. One issue I had the great honor of working with John on every year was providing additional visas to Afghan interpreters and support staff who help our troops and diplomats on the ground. For their service, these men and women are often targeted by the Taliban and other terrorist groups. John recognized that we have a pro-found obligation to provide a safe haven to these Afghan allies who risk everything. John led this fight because it is just the right thing to do. He un-derstood that the solemn commitment to leave no man behind extends to all who fight, and just like John, America would be true to its word. I also had the pleasure of traveling internationally with John to represent the United States and observe U.S. missions. As many of my colleagues can attest, rarely was a minute wasted on a McCain delegation. One of his great passions was human rights and supporting those on the side of freedom and democracy around the world. Whether that be students seeking aca-demic freedom in Belarus or newly elected leaders in Tunisia, he always made time to encourage and support their efforts. John cared greatly for the U.S. Sen-ate and was deeply worried about the current state of our politics. I believe that the floor speech that Senator McCain delivered soon after learning of his cancer diagnosis will echo for dec-ades to come. We can fight like hell for what we believe in, but we must always recognize that we are fundamentally Americans who have more in common than we have differences. Compromise in a legislative body is essential, not a dirty word. Political expediency must take a backseat to what is best for the country. We should all take this mes-sage to heart every day as we seek to address the many challenges our coun-try faces. My thoughts and prayers continue to be with the McCain family. I wish for them strength and perseverance during this very difficult time. There will never be another John McCain, and the Senate will not be the same without him. 
f 
CONFIRMATION OF LYNN A. JOHNSON Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, today I wish to express my opposition to the confirmation of Lynn Johnson to become Assistant Secretary for Family Support at the Department of Health and Human Services. Time and again, this administration has shown a complete lack of good judgement on immigration policy. Most recently, the Trump administra-tion implemented their family separa-tion policy, which caused the cruel sep-aration of thousands of children from their parents, a number of whom have still not been reunited. The sheer inhumanity of a policy that involves forcibly separating chil-dren from their families has trauma-tized these children. Experts have said that this trauma will compound the trauma many of these children have al-ready experienced fleeing their violent home countries, exacerbate learning difficulties, increase depression and post-traumatic stress disorder, and may make some children more prone to substance use disorders. These traumatized children have then gone into the care of facilities overseen by the Office of Refugee Re-settlement, which Ms. Johnson will oversee. There have been a number of concerning reports about facilities car-ing for these separated children, in-cluding medical neglect, physical and sexual abuse, overzealous restrictions on phone contact with their parents, and inappropriate use of psychotropic drugs without parental consent. While I understand that Ms. Johnson was not in charge of the agency when this policy was implemented, I could not in good conscience vote to confirm a nominee who will be charged with carrying out this administration’s mis-guided policies. Thank you. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 3:02 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 2147. An act to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to hire additional Vet-erans Justice Outreach Specialists to provide treatment court services to justice-involved veterans, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The message also announced that the House has agreed to the following reso-lution: H. Res. 1047. Resolution relative to the death of the Honorable John Sidney McCain, III, a Senator from the State of Arizona. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–6341. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Aspartic acid, N-(1,2-dicarboxyethyl)- , tetrasodium salt; Exemption from the Re-quirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9981–27) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6342. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Zinc oxide; Exemption from the Re-quirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9978–36) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6343. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Lignosulfonic Acid, Calcium, comp. with 1,6 hexanediamine polymer with Guani-dine Hydrochloride (1:1); Tolerance Exemp-tion’’ (FRL No. 9979–94) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–6344. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Review Group, Farm Service Agency, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Seed Cotton Changes to Ag-riculture Risk Coverage (ARC), Price Loss Coverage (PLC) Programs’’ (RIN0560–AI40) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 27, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6345. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition and Sustainment), transmitting, pursuant to law, the Defense Environmental Programs Annual Report for fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6346. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Libya that was originally declared in Execu-tive Order 13566 of February 25, 2011; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6347. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency declared in Execu-tive Order 13224 of September 23, 2001, with respect to persons who commit, threaten to commit, or support terrorism; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–6348. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances’’ (FRL No. 9982–77) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04SE6.019 S04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6028 September 4, 2018 
EC–6349. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances’’ (FRL No. 9982–24) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6350. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Oil and Hazardous Sub-stances Pollution Contingency Plan; Na-tional Priorities List: Partial Deletion of the Omaha Lead Superfund Site’’ (FRL No. 9982– 84–Region 7) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6351. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Hawaii: Final Authorization of State Hazardous Waste Management Program Re-visions’’ (FRL No. 9982–86–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2018; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–6352. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Nebraska; Revi-sions to Title 115 of the Nebraska Adminis-trative Code; Rules of Practice and Proce-dure’’ (FRL No. 9982–07–Region 7) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2018; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–6353. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Air Plan Revisions; Ap-provals and Promulgations: California; Plac-er County Air Pollution Control District; Stationary Source Permits’’ (FRL No. 9981– 98–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6354. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Nebraska Air Quality Im-plementation Plan; Particulate Emissions; Limitations and Standards’’ (FRL No. 9982– 06–Region 7) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6355. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Administration for Children and Families, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Adoption and Foster Care Analysis and Re-porting System’’ (RIN0970–AC76) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2018; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–6356. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Guidance under Section 162(m)’’ (Notice 2018–68) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2018; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–6357. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2018–0132 - 2018–0139); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6358. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the establishment of the danger pay allowance for the Bahrain and Saudi Arabia; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–6359. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data and defense services to the Phil-ippines to support the integration, oper-ation, demonstration, repair testing, stor-age, shipping, modification, and mainte-nance of the Maverick Weapon System in the amount of $14,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–033); to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–6360. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress of the Tenth Review of the Backlog of Postmarketing Requirements and Com-mitments’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6361. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Benefits Payable in Termi-nated Single-Employer Plans; Interest As-sumptions for Paying Benefits’’ (29 CFR Part 4022) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 27, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6362. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled, ‘‘Certifi-cation of Fiscal Year 2018 Total Local Source General Fund Revenue Estimate (Net of Dedicated Taxes) in Support of the District’s Issuance of General Obligation Commercial Paper Bond Anticipation Notes (Series 2018A)’’; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–6363. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled, ‘‘The Dis-trict’s Worksite Parking Program Treats Employees Inequitably and Could Increase Revenue’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–6364. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Office of Inspector General, Freedom of Information Act Program’’ (RIN0790–AJ65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 27, 2018; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–6365. A communication from the Chair-man of the Office of Proceedings, Surface Transportation Board, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regulations Gov-erning Fees for Services Performed in Con-nection with Licensing and Related Services - 2018 Update’’ (Docket No. EP 542) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 27, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petition or memorial was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: POM–298. A resolution adopted by the Mayor and City Council of the City of Gautier, Mississippi regarding sales tax laws and interstate internet sales; to the Com-mittee on Finance. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. BARRASSO, from the Committee on Environment and Public Works: Report to accompany S. 2602, a bill to sup-port carbon dioxide utilization and direct air capture research, to facilitate the permit-ting and development of carbon capture, uti-lization, and sequestration projects and car-bon dioxide pipelines, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–328). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 1204. A bill to authorize the United States Postal Service to carry out emer-gency suspensions of post offices in accord-ance with certain procedures, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–329). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment: S. 1888. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to increase the maximum amount of a Voluntary Separation Incentive Payment and to include an annual adjust-ment in accordance with the Consumer Price Index (Rept. No. 115–330). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 2276. A bill to require agencies to submit reports on outstanding recommendations in the annual budget justification submitted to Congress (Rept. No. 115–331). S. 2836. A bill to assist the Department of Homeland Security in preventing emerging threats from unmanned aircraft and vehi-cles, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115– 332). S. 3027. A bill to save taxpayer money and improve the efficiency and speed of intragovernmental correspondence, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–333). H.R. 4581. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop best practices for utilizing advanced passenger information and passenger name record data for counter-terrorism screening and vetting operations, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–334). f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. JOHNSON: S. 3405. A bill to reauthorize the Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards Program of the Department of Homeland Security; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ): S. 3406. A bill to express United States sup-port for Taiwan’s diplomatic alliances around the world; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. By Ms. HEITKAMP: S. 3407. A bill to offset retaliatory duties against the United States by establishing a fund to promote the exports of United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04SE6.004 S04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6029 September 4, 2018 
agricultural commodities and products; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. S
CHATZ ): S. Res. 621. A resolution congratulating the Honolulu Little League Baseball team of Ha-waii on winning the 2018 Little League Base-ball World Series Championship; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 281 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 281, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to eliminate the per-country numerical limitation for employment-based immigrants, to in-crease the per-country numerical limi-tation for family-sponsored immi-grants, and for other purposes. 
S. 588 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 588, a bill to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to clarify what constitutes a general solicitation under the Federal securities laws, and for other purposes. 
S. 593 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 593, a bill to amend the Pitt-man-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act to facilitate the establishment of additional or expanded public target ranges in certain States. 
S. 733 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 733, a bill to protect and enhance opportunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, and for other purposes. 
S. 811 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 811, a bill to ensure that organizations with religious or moral convictions are allowed to continue to provide services for children. 
S. 948 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 948, a bill to designate as wil-derness certain Federal portions of the red rock canyons of the Colorado Pla-teau and the Great Basin Deserts in the State of Utah for the benefit of present and future generations of people in the United States. 
S. 1016 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. SULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1016, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to expand ac-cess to telehealth services, and for other purposes. 
S. 1023 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1023, a bill to reauthorize the Tropical Forest Conservation Act of 1998 through fiscal year 2021, and for other purposes. 
S. 1413 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1413, a bill to authorize the Secretary of Education to award grants to establish teacher leader develop-ment programs. 
S. 1467 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1467, a bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to award grants to establish, or expand upon, master’s degree programs in orthotics and prosthetics, and for other purposes. 
S. 1730 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) and the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1730, a bill to implement policies to end preventable maternal, newborn, and child deaths globally. 
S. 1854 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1854, a bill to amend chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, to enhance penalties for theft of a firearm from a Federal firearms licensee. 
S. 1856 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
AN H
OLLEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1856, a bill to prevent the militariza-tion of Federal, State, and local law enforcement by Federal excess prop-erty transfers and grant programs. 
S. 2076 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2076, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the ex-pansion of activities related to Alz-heimer’s disease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Dis-ease and Healthy Aging Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2313 
At the request of Mr. V ANHOLLEN , the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) and the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2313, a bill to deter foreign interference in United States elections, and for other purposes. 
S. 2463 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. WYDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2463, a bill to establish the United States International Development Fi-nance Corporation, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2568 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2568, a bill to amend section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemp-tion from the individual health cov-erage mandate, and for other purposes. 
S. 2694 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2694, a bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to length-en the statute of limitations for enforc-ing robocall violations, and for other purposes. 
S. 2770 
At the request of Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2770, a bill to direct the Attorney General to submit to Con-gress investigative materials in the event of certain pardons granted by the President, and for other purposes. 
S. 2823 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), the Senator from Colo-rado (Mr. G
ARDNER ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ), the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ), the Sen-ator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) and the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2823, a bill to modernize copyright law, and for other purposes. 
S. 2843 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2843, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the distribution of addi-tional residency positions to help com-bat the opioid crisis. 
S. 2865 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2865, a bill to ensure that cer-tain materials used in carrying out Federal infrastructure aid programs are made in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2891 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2891, a bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to re-quire applicable manufacturers to in-clude information regarding payments made to physician assistants, nurse practitioners, and other advance prac-tice nurses in transparency reports submitted under section 1128G of such Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04SE6.007 S04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6030 September 4, 2018 
S. 2908 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2908, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for elec-tronic prior authorization under Medi-care part D for covered part D drugs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2934 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2934, a bill to increase the re-cruitment and retention of school- based mental health services providers by low-income local educational agen-cies. 
S. 3172 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3172, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish, fund, and provide for the use of amounts in a National Park Service Legacy Restora-tion Fund to address the maintenance backlog of the National Park Service, and for other purposes. At the request of Mr. W
ARNER , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3172, supra. 
S. 3192 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3192, a bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to update and modernize the reporting requirements for contaminants, including lead, in drinking water, and for other purposes. 
S. 3284 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3284, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to require certain tax-exempt organizations to include on annual returns the names and address-es of substantial contributors, and for other purposes. 
S. 3290 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from Lou-isiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3290, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the centen-nial of the establishment of the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier. 
S. 3321 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3321, a bill to award Congressional Gold Medals to Katherine Johnson and Dr. Christine Darden and to post-humously award Congressional Gold Medals to Dorothy Vaughan and Mary Jackson in recognition of their con-tributions to the success of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration during the Space Race. 
S. 3359 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the names of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. SCOTT), the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3359, a bill to posthumously award a Congres-sional Gold Medal to Aretha Franklin in recognition of her contributions of outstanding artistic and historical sig-nificance to culture in the United States. 
S. 3388 
At the request of Mr. T ILLIS , the names of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) and the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3388, a bill to amend the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act. 
S. RES. 562 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 562, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weap-ons (NPT) continues to make an in-valuable contribution to United States and international security, 50 years after it opened for signature on July 1, 1968. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 621—CON-GRATULATING THE HONOLULU LITTLE LEAGUE BASEBALL TEAM OF HAWAII ON WINNING THE 2018 LITTLE LEAGUE BASE-BALL WORLD SERIES CHAMPION-SHIP Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. S
CHATZ ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 621 Whereas the 2018 Honolulu Little League Baseball team, having proudly represented the State of Hawaii and the West region of the United States, won Hawaii’s third Little League Baseball World Series Championship; Whereas the Honolulu Little League Base-ball team capped off a thrilling champion-ship game to defeat the Asia-Pacific and International Championship team of South Korea by a score of 3 to 0; Whereas the 2018 Honolulu Little League Baseball team demonstrated sportsmanship and humility on its path to an undefeated West Regional title in San Bernardino, Cali-fornia; Whereas the 2018 Honolulu Little League Baseball team played with consistency and dominance throughout the 2018 Little League World Series in Williamsport, Penn-sylvania, winning all 5 of the tournament games the team played in; Whereas the 2018 Honolulu Little League Baseball team rode a wave of sterling pitch-ing, shutting out opponents in 4 of 5 games, including in the first championship shutout win since 2002; Whereas the 2018 Honolulu Little League Baseball team has brought pride and excite-ment to the State of Hawaii and delivered hope to the people of Hawaii in the wake of the devastating impacts of Hurricane Lane, the major flooding in April 2018, and the Kilauea volcano eruptions of 2018; Whereas the 2018 Honolulu Little League Baseball team further galvanized the State of Hawaii to come together and root the team to victory; Whereas the manager of the 2018 Honolulu Little League Baseball team, Gerald Oda, the coaching staff of the team, and the parents of players of the team provided vital leader-ship and support, including by inculcating in the players a culture of respect and humil-ity; and Whereas the 2018 Honolulu Little League Baseball team included players Bruce Bou-cher, Kory Chu, Tanner Chun, John De la Cruz, Kaolu Holt, Aukai Kea, Mana Lau Kong, Chandler Murray, Hunter Nishina, Taylin Oana, Caleb Okada, Jace Souza, Zachary Won, and Sean Yamaguchi and coaches Keith Oda and Willis Kato: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the contributions of Little League Baseball to the State of Hawaii; (2) congratulates the Honolulu Little League Baseball team on its 2018 Little League Baseball World Series Championship; (3) recognizes the hard work, commitment to sportsmanship, and dignity of the players, coaches, and families of the Honolulu Little League Baseball team; and (4) joins with all the people of Hawaii, the United States, and baseball fans everywhere in celebrating Hawaii’s third Little League Baseball World Series Championship. f AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 4009. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Ms. S TABE -
NOW) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2553, to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to prohibit Medicare part D plans from restricting pharmacies from informing individuals regarding the prices for certain drugs and biologicals. SA 4010. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Ms. S TABE -
NOW) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2553, supra. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 4009. Mr. McCONNELL (for Ms. S
TABENOW ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2553, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prohibit Medicare part D plans from restricting pharmacies from informing individuals regarding the prices for certain drugs and biologicals; as follows: 
Strike section 2 and insert the following: 
SEC. 2. PROHIBITION ON LIMITING CERTAIN IN-FORMATION ON DRUG PRICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1860D–4 of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–104) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(m) P
ROHIBITION ON LIMITING CERTAIN IN-
FORMATION ON DRUGPRICES .—A PDP sponsor and a Medicare Advantage organization shall ensure that each prescription drug plan or MA–PD plan offered by the sponsor or orga-nization does not restrict a pharmacy that dispenses a prescription drug or biological from informing, nor penalize such pharmacy for informing, an enrollee in such plan of any differential between the negotiated price of, or copayment or coinsurance for, the drug or biological to the enrollee under the plan and a lower price the individual would pay for the drug or biological if the enrollee ob-tained the drug without using any health in-surance coverage.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2020. 
SA 4010. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Ms. S
TABENOW ) proposed an amendment to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04SE6.010 S04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6031 September 4, 2018 
the bill S. 2553, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prohibit Medicare part D plans from restricting pharmacies from informing individuals regarding the prices for certain drugs and biologicals; as follows: 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prohibit Medicare part D plans from re-stricting pharmacies from informing individ-uals regarding the prices for certain drugs and biologicals.’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have a request for one committee to meet during today’s session of the Sen-ate. It has the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committee is author-ized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, September 4, 2018, at 9.30 a.m. to conduct a hearing on the nomination of the Honorable Brett M. Kavanaugh, to be an Asso-ciate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Olubukola Adebayo and Christina Youn, congres-sional fellows in my office, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the 115th Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Stephen McCall, a fellow in my office, be grant-ed floor privileges for the remainder of today’s session. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
THE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of the following calendar bills en bloc: Calendar No. 420, H.R. 1109 and Calendar No. 469, S. 186. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the titles of the bills en bloc. 
f 
AMENDING SECTION 203 OF THE FEDERAL POWER ACT The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1109) to amend Section 203 of the Federal Power Act. f 
FAIR RATES ACT The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 186) to amend the Federal Power Act to provide that any inaction by the Fed-eral Energy Regulatory Commission that al-lows a rate change to go into effect shall be treated as an order by the Commission for purposes of rehearing and court review. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bills en bloc as follows: H.R. 1109, which had been reported from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. CLARIFICATION OF FACILITY MERG-ER AUTHORIZATION. 
Section 203(a)(1) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824b(a)(1)) is amended by striking sub-paragraph (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) merge or consolidate, directly or indi-rectly, its facilities subject to the jurisdiction of the Commission, or any part thereof, with the facilities of any other person, or any part there-of, that are subject to the jurisdiction of the Commission and have a value in excess of $10,000,000, by any means whatsoever;’’. 
SEC. 2. NOTIFICATION FOR CERTAIN TRANS-ACTIONS. 
Section 203(a) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824b(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7)(A) Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Commission shall promulgate a rule requiring any public utility that is seeking to merge or consolidate, directly or indirectly, its facilities subject to the jurisdiction of the Commission, or any part thereof, with those of any other person, to no-tify the Commission of such transaction not later than 30 days after the date on which the transaction is consummated if— ‘‘(i) the facilities, or any part thereof, to be acquired are of a value in excess of $1,000,000; and ‘‘(ii) such public utility is not required to se-cure an order of the Commission under para-graph (1)(B). ‘‘(B) In establishing any notification require-ment under subparagraph (A), the Commission shall, to the maximum extent practicable, mini-mize the paperwork burden resulting from the collection of information.’’. 
SEC. 3. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
The amendment made by section 1 shall take effect 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 4. FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMIS-SION REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission shall submit to Congress a report that assesses the effects of the amendment made by section 1. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In preparing the report under subsection (a), the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission shall— (1) take into account any information col-lected under paragraph (7) of section 203(a) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824b(a)) (as added by section 2); and (2) provide for public notice and comment with respect to the report. 
S. 186, which had been reported from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment as fol-lows: (The part of the bill intended to be stricken is shown in boldfaced brack-ets, and the part of the bill in be in-serted is shown in italic.) 
S. 186 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fair Rate-payer Accountability, Transparency, and Ef-ficiency Standards Act’’ or the ‘‘Fair RATES Act’’. 
øSEC. 2. AMENDMENT TO THE FEDERAL POWER ACT. 
øSection 205(d) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824d(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Any absence of ac-tion by the Commission that allows a change to take effect under this section (including the Commission allowing the 60 days of no-tice provided under this section to expire without Commission action) shall be consid-ered to be an order issued by the Commission accepting the change for purposes of section 313.’’.¿ 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENT TO THE FEDERAL POWER ACT. 
Section 205 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824d) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) I
NACTION OF COMMISSIONERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Commission permits the expiration of the 60–day period established under the first sentence of subsection (d) be-cause the members of the Commission are di-vided two against two as to the lawfulness of the change, as a result of vacancy, incapacity, or recusal on the Commission— ‘‘(A) the failure to act by the Commission shall be considered to be an order issued by the Commission accepting the change for purposes of section 313(a); and ‘‘(B) there shall be added to the record of the proceeding of the Commission— ‘‘(i) the proposed order; ‘‘(ii) notice of the division of the Commis-sioners with respect to the proposed order; and ‘‘(iii) the written statement of each member of the Commission explaining the views of the Commissioner with respect to the proposed order. ‘‘(2) A
PPEAL .—If any party to a proceeding of the Commission described in paragraph (1) seeks a rehearing under section 313(a) and the Com-mission fails to act on the merits of the rehear-ing request by the date that is 30 days after the date of the rehearing request because the mem-bers of the Commission are divided two against two, as a result of vacancy, incapacity, or recusal on the Commission, any party that sought the rehearing may appeal under section 313(b).’’. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendments be agreed to, the bills, as amended, be considered read a third time en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was or-dered to be engrossed and the bill (H.R. 1109) to be read the third time. The bill (H.R. 1109) was read the third time. The bill (S. 186) was ordered to be en-grossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on the bills, as amended, en bloc. PRESIDING OFFICER. The bills hav-ing been read the third time, the ques-tion is, Shall the bills pass en bloc? The bill (H.R. 1109), as amended, was passed. The bill (S. 186), as amended, was passed. 
S. 186 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04SE6.014 S04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6032 September 4, 2018 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fair Rate-payer Accountability, Transparency, and Ef-ficiency Standards Act’’ or the ‘‘Fair RATES Act’’. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENT TO THE FEDERAL POWER ACT. 
Section 205 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824d) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) I
NACTION OF COMMISSIONERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Commission per-mits the expiration of the 60-day period es-tablished under the first sentence of sub-section (d) because the members of the Com-mission are divided two against two as to the lawfulness of the change, as a result of va-cancy, incapacity, or recusal on the Commis-sion— ‘‘(A) the failure to act by the Commission shall be considered to be an order issued by the Commission accepting the change for purposes of section 313(a); and ‘‘(B) there shall be added to the record of the proceeding of the Commission— ‘‘(i) the proposed order; ‘‘(ii) notice of the division of the Commis-sioners with respect to the proposed order; and ‘‘(iii) the written statement of each mem-ber of the Commission explaining the views of the Commissioner with respect to the pro-posed order. ‘‘(2) A
PPEAL .—If any party to a proceeding of the Commission described in paragraph (1) seeks a rehearing under section 313(a) and the Commission fails to act on the merits of the rehearing request by the date that is 30 days after the date of the rehearing request because the members of the Commission are divided two against two, as a result of va-cancy, incapacity, or recusal on the Commis-sion, any party that sought the rehearing may appeal under section 313(b).’’. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DESIGNATING THE UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE LOCATED AT 300 SOUTH FOURTH STREET IN MINNEAPOLIS, MINNESOTA, AS THE DIANA E. MURPHY UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 550, S. 3021 The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 3021) to designate the United States courthouse located at 300 South Fourth Street in Minneapolis, Minnesota, as the ‘Diana E. Murphy United States Court-house.’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 3021) was passed, as fol-lows: S. 3021 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. DIANA E. MURPHY UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The United States court-house located at 300 South Fourth Street in Minneapolis, Minnesota, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Diana E. Murphy United States Courthouse’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the United States courthouse referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Diana E. Murphy United States Court-house’’. f 
DESIGNATING THE J. MARVIN JONES FEDERAL BUILDING AND MARY LOU ROBINSON UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 551, H.R. 5772. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5772) to designate the J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Court-house in Amarillo, Texas, as the ‘‘J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Mary Lou Robin-son United States Courthouse.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider to the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 5772) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
DR. BENJY FRANCES BROOKS CHILDREN’S HOSPITAL GME SUP-PORT REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 5385, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5385) to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the pro-gram of payments to children’s hospitals that operate graduate medical education programs, and for other purposes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection to proceeding to the meas-ure? There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 5385) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. f 
CONGRATULATING THE HONOLULU LITTLE LEAGUE BASEBALL TEAM OF HAWAII ON WINNING THE 2018 LITTLE LEAGUE BASE-BALL WORLD SERIES CHAMPION-SHIP Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 621, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 621) congratulating the Honolulu Little League Baseball team of Hawaii on winning the 2018 Little League Baseball World Series Championship. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 621) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
PROTECTING RELIGIOUSLY AF-FILIATED INSTITUTIONS ACT OF 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 394, S. 994. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 994) to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for the protection of community centers with religious affili-ation, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on the Judiciary with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Reli-giously Affiliated Institutions Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. PROTECTION OF COMMUNITY CENTERS WITH RELIGIOUS AFFILIATION. 
Section 247 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2), by inserting after ‘‘threat of force,’’ the following: ‘‘including by threat of force against religious real property,’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A04SE6.023 S04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6033 September 4, 2018 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘or (c)’’ after ‘‘subsection (a)’’; (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (D) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) if damage to or destruction of property results from the acts committed in violation of this section, which damage to or destruction of such property is in an amount that exceeds $5,000, a fine in accordance with this title, im-prisonment for not more than 3 years, or both; and’’; and (3) in subsection (f), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, or real prop-erty owned or leased by a nonprofit, religiously affiliated organization’’. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported substitute amendment be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motions to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment, in the nature of a substitute, was agreed to. The bill (S. 994), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 994 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Religiously Affiliated Institutions Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. PROTECTION OF COMMUNITY CENTERS WITH RELIGIOUS AFFILIATION. 
Section 247 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2), by inserting after ‘‘threat of force,’’ the following: ‘‘including by threat of force against religious real prop-erty,’’; (2) in subsection (d)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘or (c)’’ after ‘‘subsection (a)’’; (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (D) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) if damage to or destruction of property results from the acts committed in violation of this section, which damage to or destruc-tion of such property is in an amount that exceeds $5,000, a fine in accordance with this title, imprisonment for not more than 3 years, or both; and’’; and (3) in subsection (f), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, or real property owned or leased by a nonprofit, reli-giously affiliated organization’’. f 
KNOW THE LOWEST PRICE ACT OF 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be discharged from further consideration of S. 2553 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 2553) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prohibit health plans and pharmacy benefit managers from re-stricting pharmacies from informing individ-uals regarding the prices for certain drugs and biologicals. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I further ask unanimous consent that the Stabenow amendment, which is at the desk, be considered and agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; that the amendment to the title, which is at the desk, be agreed to; and that the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 4009) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To improve the bill) Strike section 2 and insert the following: 
SEC. 2. PROHIBITION ON LIMITING CERTAIN IN-FORMATION ON DRUG PRICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1860D–4 of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–104) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(m) P
ROHIBITION ON LIMITING CERTAIN IN-
FORMATION ON DRUGPRICES .—A PDP sponsor and a Medicare Advantage organization shall ensure that each prescription drug plan or MA–PD plan offered by the sponsor or orga-nization does not restrict a pharmacy that dispenses a prescription drug or biological from informing, nor penalize such pharmacy for informing, an enrollee in such plan of any differential between the negotiated price of, or copayment or coinsurance for, the drug or biological to the enrollee under the plan and a lower price the individual would pay for the drug or biological if the enrollee ob-tained the drug without using any health in-surance coverage.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2020. 
The bill (S. 2553), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2553 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Know the Lowest Price Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. PROHIBITION ON LIMITING CERTAIN IN-FORMATION ON DRUG PRICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1860D–4 of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–104) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(m) P
ROHIBITION ON LIMITING CERTAIN IN-
FORMATION ON DRUGPRICES .—A PDP sponsor and a Medicare Advantage organization shall ensure that each prescription drug plan or MA–PD plan offered by the sponsor or orga-nization does not restrict a pharmacy that dispenses a prescription drug or biological from informing, nor penalize such pharmacy for informing, an enrollee in such plan of any differential between the negotiated price of, or copayment or coinsurance for, the drug or biological to the enrollee under the plan and a lower price the individual would pay for the drug or biological if the enrollee ob-tained the drug without using any health in-surance coverage.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2020. 
The title amendment (No. 4010) was agreed to as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the title) Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prohibit Medicare part D plans from re-stricting pharmacies from informing individ-uals regarding the prices for certain drugs and biologicals.’’. f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 12 noon, Wednesday, Sep-tember 5; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session for the consideration of the Roisman nomination and that notwithstanding rule XXII, the Senate vote on confirmation of the nomina-tion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask that it stand ad-journed under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 7:17 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, September 5, 2018 at 12 noon. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate September 4, 2018: 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS CHIEF OF AIR FORCE RESERVE AND APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE OF LIEUTENANT GENERAL IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 8038: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. RICHARD W. SCOBEE 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. ANTHONY H. ADRIAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. THOMAS S. JAMES, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JAMES M. RICHARDSON 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A04SE6.025 S04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6034 September 4, 2018 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH LA RITA S. ABEL AND ENDING WITH JARED K. YOUNG, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 18, 2018. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DAVID A. BARGATZE AND ENDING WITH FRANK YOON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 18, 2018. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH TODD A. BIALOWAS AND ENDING WITH ROSEMARY A. CITIZEN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON AU-GUST 16, 2018. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF JONATHAN W. BEICH, TO BE MAJOR. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ROLAND W. NASH AND ENDING WITH KELLY E. MILLER, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON AUGUST 16, 2018. 
IN THE ARMY  
ARMY NOMINATION OF DONALD C. CARMICHAEL, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF ADAM R. LIBERMAN, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JEFFREY A. BRUCE AND ENDING WITH PATRICK A. YOUNG, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 31, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH TYLER Q. HEMMERICH AND ENDING WITH FREDERIC M. PALLEZ, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 31, 2018. ARMY NOMINATION OF DAVID M. BARNES, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BROOKE R. ADAMS AND ENDING WITH LAURA D. YOUNG, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 31, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOSEPH B. AHLBORN AND ENDING WITH LASHELLE M. ZELLNER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 31, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RUSSELL A. BURNHAM AND ENDING WITH ERIC M. WAGNER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 31, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JERAMIE ABEL AND ENDING WITH WHITNEY A. WALDSMITH, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 31, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JAN K. BEHN AND ENDING WITH CARLOS G. TORRESFEBUS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON AUGUST 16, 2018. ARMY NOMINATION OF TAYLOR M. LEE, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF ROBERT A. DEITZ, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHRISTOPHER E. BARTON AND ENDING WITH JEFFREY D. WOOD, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON AUGUST 16, 2018. ARMY NOMINATION OF JAMES M. SMITH, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF JEFFREY S. HARTSELL, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF CARL C. GRAMSTORFF, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHARLES L. AN-DERSON AND ENDING WITH CHANG M. R. YIM, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON AUGUST 16, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHAD C. ADAMS AND ENDING WITH ERIKA K. ZAVYALOV, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON AUGUST 16, 2018. ARMY NOMINATION OF JUAN C. RIZO–LENIS, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF RUFUS H. SHUMATE III, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CAROL H. ADAMS AND ENDING WITH TOMASZ ZIELINSKI, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON AUGUST 16, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH COREBRIANS A. ABRAHAM AND ENDING WITH D013412, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON AUGUST 16, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH KRISTIN E. AGRESTA AND ENDING WITH SCOTT WILLENS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON AUGUST 16, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MICHAEL V. BEAN AND ENDING WITH D011029, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON AUGUST 16, 2018. ARMY NOMINATION OF SAMUEL N. BLACKER, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RYAN M. DER-RICK AND ENDING WITH ROBERT W. LOYD, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON AUGUST 16, 2018. ARMY NOMINATION OF JOSEPH L. HANDKE, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF MALLORY A. VALVERDE, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF MASON W. HEIMER, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF ROGER M. LEWIS, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF BRANDY L. GARDNER, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MATTHEW M. BACON AND ENDING WITH WILLIAM H. WAGNER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON AUGUST 16, 2018. ARMY NOMINATION OF KEISHA R. DOUGLASS, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF JULIE A. BALTEN, TO BE COLO-NEL. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF JULIET H. CALVIN, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. 
IN THE NAVY  
NAVY NOMINATION OF KATHERINE L. MEADOWS, TO BE COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHRISTOPHER S. ANDERSON AND ENDING WITH JOSHUA M. VUKELICH, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 31, 2018. NAVY NOMINATION OF ALICE S. Y. SHEN, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COMMANDER. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A04SE6.001 S04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1187 September 4, 2018 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF MASTER TROOPER DARREN ALLEN 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the exceptional service and the retire-ment of Master Trooper Darren Allen after 22 years of distinctive service from the Kentucky State Police (KSP). Since February 1996, Master Trooper Allen has faithfully served the citizens of the Com-monwealth of Kentucky. Throughout his career he has been awarded with the KSP Meri-torious Service with a ‘‘V’’ Device, a Lifesaving Medal, and three Commissioner Commenda-tions for his outstanding service. Master Trooper Allen earned many of these distinctions while serving in the KSP East Drug Enforcement/Special Investigation (DESI) Section and the KSP Cannabis Suppression Branch. His expert knowledge and detective work were instrumental in helping to prevent the use and further distribution of countless narcotics throughout the Commonwealth, and likely the United States, for many years. I had the pleasure of first getting to know Master Trooper Allen when he was assigned to serve on the prestigious Kentucky Gov-ernor’s Executive Security Detail in 2003 when we both served at the pleasure of Governor Ernie Fletcher. Since then, Master Trooper Allen has been a friend and an advisor to me and my staff on law enforcement issues and how to best combat the narcotics crisis in this nation. On behalf of the citizens of the Sixth Con-gressional District of Kentucky, I sincerely thank Master Trooper Allen for his service and devotion to the Commonwealth of Kentucky and for always holding the ‘‘Thin Gray Line’’ with honor and integrity. 
f 
JOHN CALL, U.S. ARMY WORLD WAR II VETERAN 
HON. JAMES COMER 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to re-member the life of Mr. John Call who passed away a year ago on September 3, 2017, at the age of 96. A resident of Cedar Creek, Mr. Call diligently managed his farming operation and retired from the Jim Beam Distillery. Throughout his career, he was not only a hard-working farmer, but a true patriot who rose beyond the call of duty. Serving in the United States Army during World War II in Alaska, he helped build the Alaska Highway, and served as a barber and member of the military police. Mr. Call’s valiant service in the United States Army is evidence of his dedication to safeguarding our nation’s freedoms and val-ues and is worthy of our deepest respect and admiration. His patriotic spirit and dedication to his country were rivaled only by his fervent commitment to his family and his faith. A de-voted member of the Cedar Creek Baptist Church, Mr. Call was an exemplary community servant who continually sought opportunities to better the lives of his fellow citizens. I join with his family and loved ones—includ-ing his wife, Iva Lee Call, his children, and his extended family—in celebrating his lifetime of accomplishments and recognizing his valiant service to our nation. His outstanding legacy of service and compassion lives on in each member of his family and in all those who knew him. f 
TRIBUTE TO SARAH AND GEORGE D
EWITT 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Sarah and George DeWitt of Council Bluffs, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. Sarah and George’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anni-versary, I hope it is filled with happy memo-ries. May their commitment grow even strong-er, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
HONORING THE 90TH BIRTHDAY OF MARCUS D. MOREMAN 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 90th birthday of Marcus D. Moreman. Marcus was born on October 13, 1928 in Waverly, Alabama. After finishing high school in Auburn, Alabama, he went into the Army as a private in 1945 at the age of 16. In 1950, he finished at Auburn University and was recalled into the Army during the Ko-rean War. During his service in Korea, he re-ceived a direct commission as 2nd Lieutenant. Later in the Army, he attended the Command and General Staff College and Army Lan-guage School where he learned to speak Rus-sian. In 1968 through 69, he served as a Bat-talion Commander and a Brigade Executive officer in the 3rd Infantry Division in Germany. Marcus served two tours of duty in Vietnam as an infantry officer and received a number of combat awards to include the Combat In-fantry Badge, Vietnamese Silver and Bronze Star medal for gallantry, four United States Bronze Stars medals for Valor, five Air Med-als, the Legion of Merit and two Army Com-mendation medals. He planned and partici-pated in 62 helicopter combat assaults on North Vietnamese forces and was shot down twice during these operations. He retired from the Army in 1971, and served as Commandant of Cadets or Senior Army Instructor at Lyman Ward Military Acad-emy until 1991. After leaving Lyman Ward, he returned to Waverly and served as mayor from 1991 to 2000. Marcus is a member of Waverly Methodist Church, Waverly Community Club, American Legion and a former member of the Waverly Town Council, Waverly Planning Commission and Chamber County Development Authority. On October 20th, family and friends will gather to celebrate his birthday at The Moreman Home in Waverly. Mr. Speaker, please join me in wishing Marcus a very happy birthday. f 
HONORING CHEF JOSE´ANDRE´S 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Chef Jose´Andre´s for his selfless contributions to the disaster relief ef-forts for the Carr Fire and Mendocino Complex Fire in Northern California. Born and raised in the northern region of Asturias, Spain, Mr. Andre´s is an internation-ally recognized chef and culinary innovator. Following his graduation in 1989 from Escola de Restauracio´i Hostalatge in Barcelona, Mr. Andre´s began his career as an admiral’s chef in the Spanish Navy. In 1991, Mr. Andre ´s moved to the U.S. where he transformed the standards of authentic Spanish food. Mr. Andre´s is known for his innovative cui-sine and his award-winning restaurants. He has been honored with multiple awards, in-cluding the 2017 Lifetime Achievement Award from International Association of Culinary Pro-fessionals and the 2015 National Humanities Medal. Mr. Andre´s is a committed advocate of food and hunger issues world-wide and a pas-sionate humanitarian. In 2012, he formed World Central Kitchen, a non-profit that pro-vides solutions to hunger and poverty through the power of food to empower communities and strengthen economies. Mr. Andre´s has been instrumental in pro-viding for evacuees, firefighters and first re-sponders of the devastating Northern Cali-fornia wildfires. Mr. Andre´s and World Central 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K04SE8.001 E04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1188 September 4, 2018 
Kitchen have fed thousands of displaced peo-ple and first responders for the Carr, Ranch and River Fires. World Central Kitchen joined forces with Guy Fieri, Operation BBQ Relief, local chefs and residents to provide meals to those affected by the fire. World Central Kitch-en, with the assistance of these groups, pre-pared and served over 2,000 meals per day. Mr. Speaker, Jose´Andre´s has contributed tremendously to help our community that has been affected by the fires in Northern Cali-fornia. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor him here today. 
f 
COLORADO MESA UNIVERSITY ‘‘E’’ AWARD TRIBUTE 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Colorado Mesa University for its receipt of the President’s ‘‘E’’ Award for 2018. The ‘‘E’’ Award is the nation’s highest recognition bestowed on those making significant con-tributions toward expanding American exports. Institutions of higher education who have re-ceived the award are often represented by larger, internationally well-known universities. With an enrollment of just under 11,000, Colo-rado Mesa University, located in the relatively small city of Grand Junction, Colorado, has demonstrated its ability to compete with the biggest and best in the nation. Through its International Student Admis-sions and Programs office, Colorado Mesa University has steadily increased the number of international students enrolled, representing over 30 different countries. While completing their studies, these students contribute signifi-cantly to the local economy, but importantly, they also develop local relationships and an appreciation of the many goods and services offered from our nation’s smaller communities and the small businesses that call them home. When these students return to their home countries and begin their professional careers, those relationships forged during their studies can translate into export opportunities for small businesses in Grand Junction and many other small communities in America, who, de-spite their rich potential, are all too often over-looked. Colorado Mesa University serves an invaluable role in putting Grand Junction, Col-orado on the international map and creating new and exciting opportunities for local busi-nesses. Mr. Speaker, Colorado Mesa University has shown that rural America and our nation’s many wonderful small and mid-size colleges can stand shoulder-to-shoulder with their urban and larger counterparts in growing American exports. I am honored to recognize their achievement of the President’s ‘‘E’’ Award. 
f 
HONORING VELMA DAVIS 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable commu-nity servant, Velma Davis. Velma has shown what can be done through hard work, dedica-tion and the desire to live a long and fruitful life. Velma Davis was born in 1903 in the Thorn-ton Community of Holmes County. She re-ceived her education at the St. Francis Catho-lic School and attended the Yazoo High School Number Two. Ms. Davis continued her education with courses from Holmes Commu-nity College, Jackson State University and the Tuskegee Alabama Institute. Ms. Davis entered adulthood during a time of great change in Mississippi. It was the era when most of her daily activities took place in segregated facilities. In 1957, Ms. Davis began working at the Kings Daughters Hos-pital in Yazoo City where she worked for 13 years. She was one of the first African Ameri-cans hired to work at Kings Daughters, and she witnessed the changes that slowly took place as the hospital opened its door to the entire community. After several years had passed, she went to work at the E & W Plant in Yazoo City, where she was involved in the production of clothing. In 1973, she began working for the Headstart in Yazoo City, when it was a part of the Com-munity Action and Cooperative Program. While working at Headstart for over 36 years, Velma maintained a very active social life while being a mother to five children. She was involved with the American Legion Post No. 201 Women’s Auxiliary and the Yazoo Community Action Program, and during that time she worked part time for 24 years with the Warren Yazoo Mental Health. Velma’s long job history includes working for the Centers for Disease Control in Adult Im-munizations, part-time sales clerk for two years at the Black and White Department Store, and a CNA for the Betty Pyles Nursing Register for 5 years at the Care Inn in Yazoo City. Ms. Davis worked on the Community Re-sponse Emergency Team for six years, an American Red Cross CPR and First Aid In-structor for five years and she worked with the Deep South Organization for four years. In 2010, Velma retired from Headstart, after three decades of service to the children of Yazoo City. After retirement she got involved with NCBA Program, which trains seniors to do different things so they can be employed. In 2012, she began working at the Yazoo County Human Resources Agency as the ac-tivity coordinator where she hosts several ac-tivities for seniors such as health screenings, birthday outings and more. She is an active member of Beulah Land Baptist Church, where she is the vice presi-dent of the church choir. Ms. Davis works with MAP Headstart as the Chairperson over the Health Advisory Committee, and holds the of-fice of Treasury of the Yazoo County TRIAD through the District Attorney’s Office. She is also a member of the Yazoo County Fair and Civic Leach choir. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Ms. Velma Davis for her dedi-cation and tenacity to serving her community and desire to be an example for all. IN HONOR OF JAMES W. MELE FOR 30 YEARS OF COMMUNITY LEAD-ERSHIP HON. TOM McCLINTOCK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today along with my colleague Mr. D
ENHAM , to honor the service of Sheriff James Mele for his 30 years of outstanding leadership in Tuolumne County. In 1988, he joined the Tuolumne County Sheriff’s Office as a Jail Deputy Recruit. In just two years he was promoted to Jail Sergeant and then upon graduation from POST Acad-emy in 1990 to Deputy Sheriff. He was a member of the SWAT team and was promoted to Investigator where he was appointed to a drug task force called ACNET. After serving as an Investigator he was promoted to Ser-geant. As a Sergeant he supervised in patrol and then as a Narcotics Sergeant in 2003, and Investigations Sergeant in 2005. Elected Sheriff in 2006, Jim devotedly served the citizens of Tuolumne County for another 12 years. As Sheriff he founded: the Crisis Negotiation Team, the Public Informa-tion and Community Outreach team, and the Rural and Agricultural Crimes Unit. He re-invented the K9 program and initiated the Risk, Vulnerability, Assessment, Strategy for school violence. Jim fought for the Sheriff ‘‘J.H’’ Dambacher Detention Center scheduled to open in 2019. Jim earned his BA in Criminal Justice Man-agement at the Union Institute & University in 2000; his Executive Master of Leadership from the University of Southern California in 2014; and in 2017 graduated from the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation’s National Academy in Quantico, Virginia. Jim was awarded the California Association of Tactical Officers ‘‘Darrell F. Gates Memorial Police Executive of the Year.’’ As Sheriff, he served as a member of the California State Sheriffs Association, The California Law En-forcement Telecommunications System 911 Board, and the California Narcotics Officer As-sociation. Alongside his service to keeping his com-munity safe, Jim has also led several laudable activities: as a Sonora High School football coach, a youth baseball and soccer coach, a Bishop in his Church, a High Councilman of Girls Camp Liahona, a member of the Civic Advisory Board at Adventist Health and So-nora Rotary, and a Scout Master In the Boy Scouts of America; bolstered by his experi-ence of achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. Mr. Speaker, Sheriff James Mele has an in-comparable record of protecting and serving his community. He has set an example of out-standing leadership for us all. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SHERYL AND LEONARD RICHARDSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Sheryl and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A04SE8.003 E04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1189 September 4, 2018 
Leonard Richardson of College Springs, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 50th wed-ding anniversary. Sheryl and Leonard’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anni-versary, I hope it is filled with happy memo-ries. May their commitment grow even strong-er, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SUZANNE BONAMICI 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be on the House floor for the first vote on July 23, 2018, because my flight from Oregon was delayed. If I had been present I would have voted in favor of H.R. 2345, the National Suicide Hotline Improvement Act. This bill seeks to improve access to emergency serv-ices for individuals experiencing a mental health crisis by requiring the Federal Commu-nications Commission to study the feasibility of creating a three-digit dialing code for a na-tional suicide prevention and mental health cri-sis hotline system. I will continue to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to make it easier for individuals to access med-ical care, including mental health care. 
f 
HONORING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF LINNIE LEONA GATEWOOD GALLUPS 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 100th birthday of Linnie Leona Gatewood Gallups. Leona was born on October 2, 1918. On August 8, 1937, she married Samuel Matthew Gallups. Leona was a homemaker and cared for chil-dren, including her grandchildren and great- grandchildren, during the work day. She served as a foster parent and kept the nursery at Ladonia Baptist Church where she has been a member since 1961. After her husband had a massive stroke, she took care of him for 15 years. Leona loves gardening, flowers and arts and crafts. She also loves to bake cakes for oth-ers. Leona is known around town for her crafts. She spends a lot of time watching Fox News and is very fond of President Trump. Her friends and family are surprising her with a birthday party on Sunday, September 30th at her home in Phenix City, Alabama. Mr. Speaker, please join me in wishing Leona a very happy 100th birthday. CELEBRATING THE OPENING OF ADIRONDACK HALL AT SUNY AD-IRONDACK HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize SUNY Adirondack on of-ficially opening Adirondack Hall. SUNY Adirondack is a regional leader in education. Since its founding in 1961, SUNY Adirondack has created opportunities for growth and excellence in the North Country. Through its community-oriented mission and emphasis on workforce development, the Uni-versity paves the way for students to succeed while serving the unique needs of the Adiron-dack community. In support of this mission, SUNY Adirondack constructed Adirondack Hall, a new building complex that will provide modernized spaces for students to innovate and thrive as they work toward their goals for the future. Adiron-dack Hall will feature Business Central and the Center for Entrepreneurship, the Office of Continuing Education, the Northwest Bay Con-ference Center, and state-of-the-art class-rooms and labs in support of science and health careers. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I want to congratulate SUNY Adirondack on opening its new facilities. We are grateful to SUNY Adi-rondack for its commitment to educating the North Country community, and look forward to seeing students and faculty benefit from this new expansion for many years to come. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MEMBERS OF THE UTAH INTERNATIONAL MOUN-TAIN FORUM 
HON. JOHN R. CURTIS 
OF UTAH  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend Samuel Elzinga, Damon Ashcraft, and Andrew Jensen, members of the Utah International Mountain Forum, a coalition of student clubs at Utah Valley University, on their recent success at the High-Level Political Forum on Sustainable Development under the auspices of the United Nations Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC) on July 19, 2018 in New York. During general debates at that global forum, they highlighted the importance of advocating for mountain communities, who are among the most impoverished and forgot-ten communities globally. They demonstrated student engaged learning, one of UVU’s core philosophies, by planning every aspect of the trip, while Dr. Baktybek Abdrisaev, a UVU fac-ulty member, served them as a mentor to guide them through their endeavors. Through this engaged learning model, Samuel, Andrew, and Damon engaged also such non-govern-mental organization registered with the ECOSOC as the Russian Academy of Natural Sciences, the Mountain Institute, and Utah China Friendship Improvement Sharing Hands Development and Cooperation. As a result, those NGOs provided them an opportunity to make an oral and written statement, high-lighting the state of Utah as a model for sus-tainable mountain development. Utah is con-sistently ranked as one of the best states for doing business and has some of the fastest growing communities in the country. I am very proud they highlighted how students are able and have to be counted as contributors to sus-tainable development both in Utah and moun-tain communities worldwide. Below is their oral statement, which was presented during ECOSOC’s general debate on July 19, 2018: MOUNTAIN TARGETS IMPLEMENTATIONS  
THROUGH STUDENT ENGAGED LEARNING  We thank the Russian Academy of Natural Sciences for allowing us to speak in support of mountain communities, who are among the poorest and most-neglected globally. Cli-mate change and migration make their liv-ing conditions even worse. According to a re-cent study by the FAO-UN and the Mountain Partnership (MP) Secretariat, an estimated 39 percent of the mountain population in de-veloping countries are vulnerable to food in-security. From 2000 to 2012, there was a 30– percent increase in the number of mountain people vulnerable to food insecurity, with their population only increasing by 16 per-cent. Two SDGs under the review of this forum contain three mountain targets and it must address the challenges facing mountain com-munities: Target 6.6: by 2020, protect and re-store water related ecosystems, including mountains, . . .; Target 15.1: by 2020, ensure the conservation, restoration and sustain-able use of terrestrial and inland freshwater ecosystems and their services, in particular . . . mountains and drylands. . . .; Target 15.4: by 2030, ensure the conservation of mountain ecosystems, including their bio-diversity, in order to enhance their capacity to provide benefits that are essential for sus-tainable development. Since 2007, Utah Valley University, with the support of the Mountain Partnership, in-volves students, including nontraditional ones, in the implementation of mountain targets. Members of the Utah International Mountain Forum (UIMF), a coalition of stu-dent clubs at UVU, gain professional skills through an engaged learning model by ad-dressing real-world problems of mountain communities with a faculty serving them as a mentor. UIMF members have already advocated for the mountain women during the 62nd session of the Commission on the Status of Women. Students, jointly with their Kyrgyz peers, reported about hosting the International Women of the Mountains conferences as an implementation of the UN Resolution ‘‘International Year of Mountains, 2002.’’ The 2016 UN Secretary-General’s Report on Sus-tainable Mountain Development featured recommendations provided by UIMF in the latest conference document about the role women play in implementation of two moun-tain targets. Through the model students raised and contributed $250,000 to the moun-tain targets adoption and implementation. The model demonstrates that students are able and must play an active role in the im-plementation of the 2030 Agenda for Sustain-able Development. It can be used by univer-sities in rural and mountainous states world-wide to provide similar benefits to students, and to transform mountain communities to-wards sustainable and resilient societies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04SE8.007 E04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1190 September 4, 2018 
VIRGINIA STATON D EROSSETT 
HON. JAMES COMER 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Virginia Staton DeRossett who will soon be celebrating her 95th birthday on November 1, 2018. A resident of Clinton County in the First District of Kentucky, Ms. DeRossett diligently served her country throughout her twenty-year tenure at the Pen-tagon. In addition to her civil service during World War II and the Korean war, her three brothers served in our nation’s military, further solidifying her sense of duty. An exemplary community servant, Ms. DeRossett retired from the Pentagon in 1962 and is still an active, engaged member of the community who continually seeks opportuni-ties to better the lives of her fellow citizens. Ms. DeRossett’s patriotic spirit and dedica-tion to her country are rivaled only by her fer-vent commitment to her family and her con-servative ideology. I join with her family and loved ones—including her daughter and her extended family—in celebrating her lifetime of accomplishments and recognizing her valiant efforts to safeguard our nation’s freedoms. 
f 
HONORING FOOD NETWORK STAR CHEF GUY FIERI 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Guy Fieri, a selfless hu-manitarian and entrepreneur, for his inspiring contributions to disaster relief during the ongo-ing wildfires in Northern California. Mr. Fieri is a longtime resident of Sonoma and Lake Counties along with his wife, Lori, and their two sons, Hunter and Ryder. Mr. Fieri’s first restaurant opened in 1996 in the heart of Santa Rosa, and he has since grown his businesses throughout California and around the world. He is a New York Times bestselling author, an admired television per-sonality, and a renowned chef and winemaker. Mr. Fieri is also a noble humanitarian who began working around the clock to feed first responders when the Carr Fire first broke out in Shasta County. He then spent days at evacuation centers in Lower Lake, Middle-town, and Kelseyville where he worked along-side Operation BBQ Relief and World Central Kitchen to provide meals for firefighters and thousands of evacuees impacted by the Ranch and River Fires. The ongoing wildfires have been dev-astating to our communities. Firefighters, first responders and public safety officials are working day and night to protect our commu-nities from further damage. The contributions of Mr. Fieri have been instrumental in aiding these public servants and facilitating evacu-ations. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Fieri is an exceptional member of our community. His contributions to disaster relief have been outstanding, and I am beyond words of gratitude for his service and aid. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor Guy Fieri here today. HONORING THE 50TH WEDDING AN-NIVERSARY OF BILL AND SHERLYN JACKSON HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 50th wedding anniversary of Bill and Sherlyn Jackson. On Friday, August 17, 2018, Bill and Sherlyn celebrated their 50th wedding anniver-sary in Savannah, Georgia. The trip was an anniversary gift from their children. Bill and Sherlyn met as neighbors growing up in Talladega, Alabama, and got to know each other through school. They were 5th grade sweethearts and started dating their senior year of high school and all through col-lege. Bill and Sherlyn were married while Bill was finishing law school at the University of Ala-bama. The Jacksons were blessed with two children: Amy and Brad, and four grand-children. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-lating my dear friends, Bill and Sherlyn, on this exciting occasion. Happy 50th wedding anni-versary. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JEAN AND KEN SWARTOUT 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Jean and Ken Swartout of Council Bluffs, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anni-versary. They were married on August 2, 1968 in Council Bluffs. Jean and Ken’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa val-ues. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, I hope it is filled with happy memories. May their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one an-other for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE RIBBON CUT-TING CEREMONY FOR THE DEE J. KELLY LAW LEARNING CEN-TER AT GEORGE WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY LAW SCHOOL 
HON. KAY GRANGER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the dedication of the Dee J. Kelly Law Learning Center at George Washington University Law School. Dee J. Kelly, Sr. was a dear friend of mine. His dedication and public service to Fort Worth pioneered the growth and development that we see in the community today. The dedi-cation of the Dee J. Kelly Law Learning Cen-ter is well-deserved, and I was honored to be invited to the very special event. I include in the RECORD the remarks of those who spoke at the ceremony last Friday, August 31, 2018. 
REMARKS BY BLAKE MORANT , DEAN OF THE  
GEORGE WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY LAW SCHOOL  It is indeed a great privilege for me to lead this dedication ceremony—my first since ar-riving at GW Law four years ago. Dee J. Kelly was an extraordinarily distinguished and cherished alumnus of our law school whose contributions to GW Law and the legal profession were myriad. I will be hon-ored to say a few words about Mr. Kelly’s il-lustrious life and career in a moment, but first I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to Cindy, Craig, Dee Jr. and the rest of the Kelly family for your immense generosity. Many thanks, as well, to the dedicated fac-ulty and staff of the GW Law community for their invaluable contributions through the years. And finally, a special thank you to Dean Scott Pagel and Karen Whal for your many hours of work with the Kelly family to archive and display the fascinating collec-tion of Dee J. Kelly’s memorabilia. The late Dee J. Kelly, who graduated from our law school in 1954, was a giant of the legal profession, whose myriad accomplish-ments brought us great pride. Mr. Kelly, who founded Kelly Hart & Hallman, was one of the most prominent lawyers in Texas with offices in Fort Worth, Austin, New Orleans and Midland. He was also a force in state pol-itics as a fundraiser and power broker on the local level in Fort Worth and as the friend of numerous governors, state officials and U.S. presidents. In addition to his myriad professional achievements, he is remembered as a philan-thropist and served on a number of nonprofit boards including the Van Cliburn Founda-tion, Sam Rayburn Foundation, and UT Southwestern Moncrief Cancer Center. Finally, he was a great supporter of edu-cation as evidenced by his support of his un-dergraduate alma mater, Texas Christian University (TCU), his law school GW Law, and other Texas institutions including Texas A&M University School of Law. His name will live on in perpetuity here at GW Law, where we will forever be proud to call him an alumnus of our law school. 
REMARKS BY THOMAS J . LEBLANC , PRESIDENT  
OF GEORGE WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY  Thank you, Dean Morant. I am delighted to join all of you to honor the legacy of Dee Kelly, Sr., and to celebrate the dedication of the Dee J. Kelly Law Learning Center. I am so pleased that the Kelly family could be here today for this special occasion. I es-pecially want to thank Cindy, Craig and Dee, whose collective philanthropy in memory of their father has made today’s dedication pos-sible. I would also like to thank the current and former public officials here for joining us. We are here today to celebrate the dedica-tion and loyalty of Dee Kelly to his alma mater. From what I have learned about the life of the late Dee J. Kelly, Sr., his legacy of serv-ice through law and philanthropy embodies what it means to be a GW Law alumnus, and we are pleased to continue his legacy for generations of GW Law students to come. I know that our students will be inspired and motivated by Dee’s incredible life and career, which were distinguished by hard work, diligence and a commitment to all that he did—and, as such, the resulting suc-cess and respect he earned and deserved from so many, including each of us here today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04SE8.003 E04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1191 September 4, 2018 
With this generous gift and through the naming of the Dee J. Kelly Law Learning Center, we hope to honor Dee’s memory by continuing to foster a dynamic, student-fo-cused community stimulated by cultural and intellectual diversity. I think the studying, legal research and moot court competitions our students hold here will help to do just that. 
REMARKS BY DEE J . KELLY , JR. Thank you Dean Morant and President LeBlanc. I should mention that LeBlanc is a very important name in our family. It is not only my mother’s maiden name—and she will be very excited to see the pictures from today—but also my brother’s middle name. I want to introduce my brother Craig, his wife, Robyn, and their two boys, Patrick and Ryan. And I could never forget the President of the Dee Kelly Foundation, my wonderful sis-ter, Cindy. She’s a tough steward of the Foundation’s dollars but a soft touch when it comes to honoring our father. Cindy is joined by one of her two sons, Kelly, and his wife Paige. Her oldest son, Ben, just moved to California and his new employer has him hard at work but he’s represented today by his beautiful wife, Shelby. And of course my group is here as well. I want to recognize my wife, Dana, and two of my three girls, Lynn and Cate. Number three, Camille, just started classes and is al-legedly studying hard. Yes, that’s a look of skepticism on my face. A couple more thank you’s. Two active members of Congress took the time to be with us today. I know they both have many other important duties to attend to but they still made time to be here. Back home, we know them as just Kay and Roger, but in Washington they are known as two of our finest members of the House of Representa-tives. Thank you Congresswoman Granger and Congressman Williams. Your presence means a great deal to my family. And you know my father loved you both. Last but not least are two former pols who were dear friends of my father. Pete Geren and Ben Barnes. Thank you both for being here. Today’s event would have meant a lot to my father . . . and not just because his name is splashed across the building over there. GW was the school that launched Dee Kelly’s career and set him off on a course that lead to great success and, lucky for all of us today, financial reward. I doubt Dad would have ever dreamt when he was working for Speaker Rayburn and going to night school at GW, that he’d have a building on campus dedicated in his honor. I think what he’d say today, if he was alive, is that this building is about honoring those who gave him a chance in life and helped set him off on a course for success. Our father clawed and scratched, and yes sometimes fought, his way to the top of the legal profession, and I know that he credited GW for giving him the legs to stand on to build his career So thank you again, President LeBlanc and Dean Morant. By honoring my father, you honor all students who are hoping edu-cation gives them a chance in life. I know that—because my father was one of those lucky few. f 
HONORING ALEXANDREA JOHNSON 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a dynamic young woman of the community, Alexandrea John-son. Alexandrea Johnson is a native of Holmes County, MS. She is the daughter of Maria Por-ter-Shannon and Christopher Johnson. Ms. Johnson is Miss Sophomore 2018–2019 at the eminent school, Alcorn State University. She states that, ‘‘It’s a privilege and honor to serve at the institution and it gives her such an humbling and incredible experience to be able to grow beyond her capabilities.’’ The school is helping her to grow into a fine young lady, leader and scholar. As she stepped out on faith and followed the path that God placed in her, ultimately things worked out in her favor. As Miss Sophomore, she wants to be able to inspire both males and females at any insti-tution. She especially has the desire to help students grow within themselves and to some-day inspire others in the Holmes County com-munity. She desires to implement a platform called ‘‘Unity’’ during her reign as Miss Sophomore by hosting fun, modern, and informative events for her class because there is a need for everyone to come together. She is planting seeds of growth, prosperity and maturity, a goal that she has set for herself. She has also traveled abroad this summer to Viana do Castelo, Portugal to enhance her knowledge about medicine and how things are run in the hospital setting. She was thrilled and grateful to have had the chance to study abroad and to be granted such an incredible opportunity and experience. She also attended the Tailor Made Royal Retreat in Atlanta, Georgia and had a phe-nomenal time learning about the significance of the Royal Court and the Student Govern-ment Association. God’s grace and mercy has abled her to be in this position to inspire oth-ers. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing this young woman that Holmes County is very proud of, Ms. Alexandrea John-son for her dedication to serving and giving back to the community. f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF LORI YARRISH 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in recognizing Lori Yarrish, who passed on August 6, 2018, for her lifetime of outstanding work in the arts and her contributions to the cultural development of the District of Colum-bia. Lori served as director of the Smithsonian Anacostia Community Museum since Decem-ber 2017, after having served as its acting di-rector since June 2016. Lori implemented a new mission statement and brought with her an innovative leadership model that trans-formed the Museum’s outreach and collabo-rative partnerships with the community. Lori was instrumental in revitalization efforts for the Anacostia Community Museum, which recently celebrated its 50th anniversary with the exhi-bition ‘‘Your Community, Your Story: Cele-brating Five Decades of the Anacostia Com-munity Museum.’’ Lori embraced and advanced the Museum’s unique role in the community and, in October 2017, was named by Washingtonian magazine as one of Washington, D.C.’s most powerful women in the arts. Prior to her work with the Anacostia Com-munity Museum, Lori was with the Smithso-nian Institution Traveling Exhibition Service, the Maryland Commission on African Amer-ican History and Culture’s Banneker-Douglass Museum, the National Building Museum, the Capital Children’s Museum and the B’nai B’rith Klutznick National Jewish Museum. A classically trained dancer, Lori also served on the board of directors at the New School of Dance and Arts in Washington, D.C. and on the coordinating committee for the Smithsonian American Women’s History Initia-tive. My grief for the loss of Lori is also personal because she was my cousin. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-atives to join me in recognizing Lori Yarrish on the occasion of her passing and for her lasting contributions to the arts, the Smithsonian, the Anacostia Community Museum and the Dis-trict of Columbia. f 
OATH CEREMONY ON SEPTEMBER 7, 2018 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and sincerity that I take this time to congratulate thirty individuals who will take their oaths of citizenship on September 7, 2018. This memorable occasion will be held at the United States Courthouse and Federal Building in Hammond, Indiana. America is a country founded by immi-grants. From its beginning, settlers have come from countries around the world to the United States in search of better lives for their fami-lies. Oath ceremonies are a shining example of what is so great about the United States of America—that people from all over the world can come together and unite as members of a free, democratic nation. These individuals realize that nowhere else in the world offers a better opportunity for success than here in America. On September 7, 2018, the following peo-ple, representing many nations throughout the world, will take their oaths of citizenship in Hammond, Indiana: Angelica Manalo Macchia, Farai Vanessa Gotora, Kehinde Montunrayo Ajibade, Ricardo Rodriguez Cervantes, Hongying Tu, Daniel Alvarado, Alexandra Espinoza, Rosana Hardaway, Claudia Her-nandez, Primitivo H. Jorge, Hottensia Njeri Kabiru, Jose Lopez Perez, Angela Lugo, Ut Thi Nguyen, Lily Kieu Nguyen, Monique Nzumpatse Ntita, Anthonia Obaseki, Ma Buena Bentura Perez Vences, Elvia Rico, Yanely Soto, Margot Tutorow, Victor Manuel Velazquez, Enrique Zepeda, Ramiro Zepeda, Posseh Aisha Kamara, Efrain Esquivias, Xiaoli Yang, Arlet Orta, Jose M. Martinez, and Maria Santos Maya. Although each individual has sought to be-come a citizen of the United States for his or her own reasons, be it for education, occupa-tion, or to offer their loved ones better lives, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A04SE8.015 E04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1192 September 4, 2018 
each is inspired by the fact that the United States of America is, as Abraham Lincoln de-scribed it, a country ‘‘. . . of the people, by the people, and for the people.’’ They realize that the United States is truly a free nation. By seeking American citizenship, they have made the decision that they want to live in a place where, as guaranteed by the First Amendment of the Constitution, they can practice religion as they choose, speak their minds without fear of punishment, and assemble in peaceful pro-test should they choose to do so. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask you and my other distinguished colleagues to join me in congratulating these individuals who will be-come citizens of the United States of America on September 7, 2018. They, too, are Amer-ican citizens, guaranteed the inalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. We, as a free and democratic nation, con-gratulate them and welcome them. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MRS. RICKEY BLOOM 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the life of Mrs. Rickey Bloom, who passed away on July 19, 2018 at the age of 103. Rickey’s long life saw her play an inte-gral role supporting her family and helping her community. Born Ann Rickey Goldstein in Salem, Mas-sachusetts in 1915 to Jewish immigrants from Eastern Europe, she graduated high school, trained as a bookkeeper, and completed mul-tiple Elderhostel programs, which aim to pro-vide older individuals with opportunities to travel in an educational setting. Rickey was a bookkeeper for her parents’ grocery and deli, where she met her future husband, Aaron Bloom, who was employed there as a box boy. They married on April 30, 1945. Bookkeeping stayed an important part of Rickey’s life; she was bookkeeper for the Law Offices of Richard Bloom in addition to book-keeper and operator for Beth Jacob Con-gregation gift shop in Beverly Hills. Deeply in-volved in her community, Rickey was a long- time volunteer with her husband at Cedars Sinai Health Center. She also co-founded with her husband ‘‘Etta,’’ a nonprofit that served people with intellectual and developmental dis-abilities and provided support for their families. Rickey is survived by her four children: Stu-art, Bruce, Lydia, and Richard; 11 grand-children, and eight great-grandchildren. I hope that Rickey’s family shares comfort in knowing that her contributions to our community will endure for years to come. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BETTY AND JIM HICKMAN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Betty and Jim Hickman of Atlantic, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. Betty and Jim’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa val-ues. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, I hope it is filled with happy memories. May their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one an-other for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. f 
HONORING THE 86TH BIRTHDAY OF DONALD C. FRAZIER 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 86th birthday of Donald C. Frazier. Don was born on August 31, 1932 in Annis-ton, Alabama, to Mr. and Mrs. William H. Frazier. He graduated from Anniston High School where he excelled in both basketball and foot-ball. He was even offered a football scholar-ship to Howard College (now Samford), but chose to serve his country and enlisted in the U.S. Navy. He graduated from Jacksonville State University with a degree in Business Ad-ministration and spent 47 years working at Alabama Pipe (now Union Foundry) until he retired as Sales Manager in 1997. Don is married to Joan and has three chil-dren: Deborah F. Clonts, D. Jeffery Frazier and Drue F. Taylor. Don was blessed with six grandchildren: Matthew M. Clonts, Daniel F. Clonts, Tracy E. Frazier, Michael K. Taylor and T. Frazier Taylor. He also has three great- grandchildren: Chandler P. Armstrong, M. Kenneth Taylor and Evie Claire Clonts. Mr. Speaker, please join me in wishing Don a very happy 86th birthday. 
f 
HONORING LARRY D. CAMPER 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable public servant, Mr. Larry D. Camper. The son of Doris L. Howell and Doffie T. Camper was born on March 3, 1950 in Mendenhall, MS. He spent his childhood between Brandon, MS and Chicago, IL. In the early fifties, Camper and his mother returned from Chicago to live in Mississippi with his grandparents, Lenard and Bethel Howell. Upon returning to Mississippi, he started school at Rose Hill Baptist Church and in May 1968, he graduated from McLaurin High School where he received several ath-letic awards, including being voted the best athlete in his senior year. After high school, Camper began working for Mississippi Bank in Jackson, MS and was the first African American to work for a bank in Jackson in a position other than as a jan-itor. In the fall of 1968, he enrolled in Jackson State College and received a B.S. in Industrial Technology in 1972 while working for Mis-sissippi Bank. After graduating from college, Camper enrolled in a management training program at the bank and after demonstrating an excellent work ethic that included a high level of professionalism, he was promoted to Bank Officer. In December of 1973, Camper married his college sweetheart, Patricia A. Buchanan from Prentiss, MS, who also received her B.S. in Education in 1973 from Jackson State Univer-sity. Camper and Patricia share two wonderful children, LaTonya Rochell and LaDerek Rashad and a son-in law, Derrick Kirkland. Always aspiring to achieve and succeed, Camper continued to work hard at the bank learning all he could. In 1984, his drive and determination caused him to enroll in the Uni-versity of Mississippi in Oxford, MS to pursue a degree in Banking. Out of the 75 students enrolled in the program, Camper, again, suc-ceeded as a first by being the only African American in this class to receive a banking degree in 1985. After graduating from the Uni-versity of Mississippi, he continued to move up the ranks at Mississippi Bank, holding several officer positions. After 35 years in banking and four bank mergers, Camper retired from Union Planters Bank as a Senior Vice President. In January 2004, Camper was offered a position with the Hinds County Tax Collector’s office in Jackson, MS as the Assistant Tax Collector and Operations Manager where he continues to serve in this capacity. Over the last 35 years, Camper continued his excellent work in the community from his affiliation with several community, social and professional organizations, including: Leader-ship Jackson graduate (1999); Vice President, West Jackson CDC; Chairman of the Board of Directors, Capitol City Classic (Jackson, MS); Minority Business Development Loan Board (City of Jackson); Mississippi Bankers Asso-ciation; Urban Financial Service Coalition; JSU National Alumni Association; Jackson Metro Housing Project; Education Committee Mem-ber for Metro Jackson Chamber of Commerce; Life Member of Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity, Inc. and member of New Hope Baptist Church lo-cated on Watkins Drive. During his professional career, Camper also received numerous community awards and special honors, including ‘‘Outstanding Young Man of America’’ (1979 and 1985); and the Public Service Honor Award. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mr. Larry D. Camper for his dedication to serving. 
f 
REAFFIRMING DOUGLAS RUMSEY’S RIGHT TO HARD- EARNED PENSION 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to share the powerful story of Douglas Rumsey, a re-tiree of Teamsters Local 707 Pension Fund. For years, Douglas paid into his pension fund. Time and again, he gave up pay raises, defer-ring those raises be invested in his pension to make sure his retirement would be secure with one. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A04SE8.018 E04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1193 September 4, 2018 
Tragically, millions of hard working Ameri-cans like him now face a grim prospect, a re-tirement without economic security as their hard-earned pensions is pulled out from under them. Due to no fault of his own, Douglas’s pension was cut from $2,800 per month to $900 per month. Today, everything is a finan-cial struggle. He can no longer support his family He can no longer pay his property tax, or his medical insurance. Even purchasing ev-eryday items basic to daily life is a dilemma of true necessity. After 23 years of trucking serv-ice, after he put his life on the line for this country in his service in the Army, Douglas should be able to enjoy the golden years of his life, with his friends and family, without daily financial worry. Instead, he now lives in poverty, struggling to make ends meet. A ro-bust member of his community, his distress is felt throughout his community. I include in the R
ECORD the full testimony of Douglas Rumsey. Douglas Rumsey is not alone in his plight. This Congress turned its back on more than 40 years of pension prom-ises, rolling back anti-cutback provisions. It turned its back on hundreds of thousands of hard working Americans. Telling these per-sonal experiences is critical to understand why immediate action is required to buoy hope, re-tirement security, and the livelihoods of mil-lions of American workers. It is why I introduced the ‘‘Keep Our Pen-sion Promises Act,’’ along with Senator B
ERNIE  S
ANDERS for the last several years, which would establish a legacy fund within the Pen-sion Benefit Guaranty Corporation to ensure solvency for multi-employer pension plans, but really to ensure the solvency of so many hard working American’s retirements. Additionally, it is why I joined my colleagues to introduce the ‘‘Butch Lewis Pension Protec-tion Act’’ in honor of an Ohio Teamster. With-out congressional action, nearly 50,000 Ohio retirees in the Central States Pensions Fund and thousands more Ohioans in the nearly 100 other troubled multi-employer plans pen-sions are in jeopardy. I have led the charge to push for a legislative fix to the multi-employer pension crisis year after year. The multi-em-ployer pension crisis is just the tip of a loom-ing pension crisis. It is time for Congress and this nation to come to terms with this eco-nomic threat in our own backyards. Mr. Speaker, this is a commonsense issue. Congress must act now. That’s why I rise in strong support of this measure, and urge my colleagues to do the same. 
LETTER TO COMMITTEE  I am a retiree of Teamsters Local 707 Pen-sion Fund. I have lost 70% of my pension to date. I was promised this pension and paid into it by taking pay cuts that were part of my wage package and by giving up pay raises to make sure my pension was secure. I’m asking that the Select Joint Committee for Pension to please select the Butch Lewis Act (S–2147) as the solution for the pension crisis. The 4,500 members of my pension fund have been suffering for two plus years with drastic cuts. In February 2016 my pension was re-duced 50% and then in February 2017 it was cut another 20% for a total of 70%. Please get the Butch Lewis Act passed as written. The Butch Lewis Act is not a government bail-out; it helps all multi-employer pension funds including the Coal Miners, Iron Work-ers, and Carpenters. Many of the retirees from my pension fund are losing their homes and can’t afford food and health care insurance. Many of the retir-ees, including myself, are veterans and many are disabled and are 70 and 80 years of age. Please don’t turn your back on the workers and veterans who have help build this coun-try by working all their lives. I am going to have to sell my home that I have work for all my life and I’m not able to support my wife or live my retirement years as a self-supporting member of my commu-nity. Without my pension I’m living below poverty. My pension has already been cut from $2,800 per month to $900 per month. I cannot afford to pay my property taxes pay, my medical insurance, and my medications, heat my home and buy food. No one can live on $900 from PBGC after they had made plans to have their full pensions that were earned and promised. Please include Road Carriers Local 707 in the solution to the pen-sion crisis solution. I was drafted into the Army and then worked my entire life so that I could retire with dignity and enjoy my retirement. I am now disabled and cannot work to make up the 70% of my pension that I have lost. I can-not enjoy my retirement years and spend time with family and friends because of the pension cuts I have taken. My wife and I have worked and planned all our lives to live near family so that in our retirement years we could enjoy and have family nearby if needed for health issues but this too is threatened with these cuts. The stress caused by these cuts is unbearable to us at a time we should be enjoying the fruits of our long labor. Above are just some of the things impact-ing the lives and health of myself and many of the families of Local 707—we are a prime example of how devastating this pension cri-sis has been to us and will be to others if all our pensions are not saved. Thank you DOUGLAS RUMSEY . f 
TRIBUTE TO CHAD IDE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Chad Ide for being the re-cipient of the 2018 Iowa Conservation Farmer of the Year Award. Chad was nominated by the Union County Soil and Water Conservation District and he farms with his wife Francine and his parents, Monty and Diane Ide. The award is sponsored by the Iowa Farm Bureau Federation and the Iowa Department of Agriculture and Land Stewardship. Chad utilizes many farming prac-tices, such as rotational grazing, no-till plant-ing and the use of cover crops to boost the soil’s organic matter. He has terracing in place on their land and has put in buffer strips to prevent chemical run off. He has also been active in conservation education through field days, tours, and trainings. I know that my colleagues in the United States Congress join me in commending this great man and his family for protecting the land in Iowa and congratulate them on this award. It is my honor to represent Chad in Congress, and I wish him the best in his future endeavors. HONORING UPVALLEY FAMILY CENTERS OF NAPA COUNTY HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor UpValley Family Centers of Napa County on its fifteenth anniversary for its dedicated service to our many communities of Napa County. UpValley Family Centers of Napa County (UVFC) was created nearly 20 years ago by dedicated Calistoga residents who aimed to create a local organization to help families ac-cess resources safely and conveniently. This goal has become their mission. UpValley Fam-ily Centers exists to provide guidance, support and resources for community members so they are able to improve their lives. UpValley Family Centers maintains strong partnerships with local organizations, schools, government agencies and private sector businesses to en-able our up-valley communities to create op-portunities for themselves. UpValley Family Centers is committed to providing services that are culturally and lin-guistically sensitive. Over 80 percent of its staff is bilingual and bicultural and has exten-sive experience working with diverse commu-nities. UVFC is committed to its prevention-fo-cused, strengths-based approach. Staff mem-bers travel to meet clients in convenient loca-tions and provide services that are based on the community’s identified needs and inter-ests. UpValley Family Centers aims to encour-age and teach clients how to use their per-sonal strengths to build a stronger community. UpValley Family Centers has offices in Calistoga and St. Helena and is a centralized organization for people seeking information, tools, and services to improve their lives. It provides services to low-income working fami-lies and individuals of all ages through a mul-titude of programs, including early education, immigration assistance, youth mentorship, ESL classes, financial literacy programs, refer-rals to local health and wellness resources, among others. UVFC is also an emergency assistance and disaster response services provider. UpValley Family Centers is a second responder that was critical after the Valley Fire of 2015 and the Napa Complex Fires of Octo-ber 2017. In the aftermath of those fires, UVFC worked to ensure that all up-valley households who were impacted by the fires were connected with the services they need-ed. Mr. Speaker, UpValley Family Centers aims to ensure people in our community are sup-ported, valued and able to create the future they want for themselves, their families and our community. It is therefore fitting and prop-er that we recognize it for fifteen years of service. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JENNIFER L. HOMENDY 
HON. PETER A. DeFAZIO 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Jennifer L. Homendy, who recently 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A04SE8.023 E04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1194 September 4, 2018 
left the staff of the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure after more than 14 years of service as the Democratic Staff Direc-tor of the Subcommittee on Railroads, Pipe-lines and Hazardous Materials. I had the privi-lege of working with Jennifer throughout her entire time with the Committee, but most closely since 2015 when I took over as Rank-ing Member. Jennifer was born in New Britain, Con-necticut, but later moved with her family to the Washington Metro area. For Jennifer, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture was more than just a place to work; it was a second family. Her father, Sante Esposito, served as the Democratic Chief Counsel to the Committee from 1981 to 1998. Through both her father and mother, Jennifer learned the importance of public service at a young age. As a student at Pennsylvania State Univer-sity, Jennifer got her first real experience in government interning in Senator Arlen Spector’s Harrisburg office. After graduation, she worked for the National Federation of Independent Business and the American Iron and Steel Institute before spending seven years working for transportation labor—first with the Transportation Trades Department and then the International Brotherhood of Teamsters. She left the Teamsters in 2004 to join the Democratic staff of the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure, where she devel-oped unrivaled expertise in issues surrounding the railroad industry and its employees, the safety and security of transporting hazardous materials, and the safety of oil and gas pipe-lines. Jennifer is a passionate and tireless advo-cate for transportation safety, which is why it is extremely fitting that Jennifer left the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure to become a Board Member at the National Transportation Safety Board. During her ten-ure as Staff Director, Jennifer guided major pieces of rail, pipeline, and hazmat safety leg-islation through the legislative process, includ-ing: the Norman Y. Mineta Research and Spe-cials Programs Improvement Act of 2004; the Safe, Accountable, Flexible, Efficient Trans-portation Equity Act—A Legacy for Users; the Pipeline Inspection, Protection, Enforcement, and Safety Act of 2006; the Rail Safety Im-provement Act of 2008; the Passenger Rail In-vestment and Improvement Act of 2008 (PRIIA); the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Cer-tainty, and Job Creation Act of 2011; and the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act (FAST Act) in 2015. Throughout her tenure on the Committee, she was an unwavering de-fender of the Nation’s passenger railroad, Am-trak, and the need for swift implementation of positive train control. When she is not at work trying to improve the safety of our transportation system, Jen-nifer spends her time running and training for marathons and triathlons. She is also a de-voted mother who spends many weekends traveling with her daughter Alexandra (Lexi) to Irish dance competitions across the country. I want to thank Jennifer for her many years of service to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. We will miss her, but look forward to working with her in her new role at the NTSB. I wish Jennifer, her husband Mike, and daughter Lexi all the best in the years to come. TRIBUTE TO JOYCE AND BOB COOPER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognise and congratulate Joyce and Bob Cooper, of Creston, Iowa for being selected as Union County’s 2018 inductee info the Iowa 4–H Hall of Fame. Both Joyce and Bob are community minded, recognizing the needs in their county and making time to address the challenges. Both 4–H members themselves, they gave their time as adults to leading clubs in Union Coun-ty. Bob was a co-leader for the Grant Toppers 4–H club, taking the boys on camping and fishing trips many times. Joyce was a co-lead-er for the Jolly Jills 4–H club and taught many young ladies how to sew, cook, can, and gar-den. Their five children also showed dairy cat-tle and horses. Bob and Joyce served on the Union County Fair Board for 14 years and served on the dairy committee for 25 years. Mr. Speaker, the example set by Joyce and Bob demonstrates the rewards of harnessing one’s talents and sharing them with the world. Their efforts embody the Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent them, and Iowans like them, in the United States Congress. I know all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in con-gratulating Joyce and Bob Cooper for their award and wish them nothing but continued success. 
f 
HONORABLE CARL J. CHARACTER 
HON. MARCIA L. FUDGE 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the following Proclamation on this 4th day of September 2018: Whereas, Judge Carl J. Character departed this life August 24, 2018, and was funeralized September 1, 2018 at Mt. Sinai Baptist Church, Cleveland, Ohio; and Whereas, Judge Character was appointed the Cuyahoga County Court of Common Pleas in 1987 by former Ohio Governor Richard Ce-leste, was elected to the bench in 1990 and retired in 1997; and Whereas, Judge Character’s distinguished service on the bench was typified by his phi-losophy that everyone appearing before him deserved his time and full attention while re-ceiving a fair hearing or trial; and Whereas, Judge Character, prior to serving on the bench, practiced law with former Con-gressman Louis Stokes and former Cleveland Mayor Carl Stokes, representing welfare re-cipients, Fortune 500 companies, criminal de-fendants and clients who simply needed a will or help with a workers’ compensation claim; and Whereas, Judge Character was a past president of the National Bar Association, member of the Cuyahoga County Board of Elections and the Ohio Commission on Racial Fairness, board member of many organiza-tions, including University Hospitals and the Cleveland Bar Association, and former Vice President of the National Legal Aid and De-fender Association; and Whereas, Judge Character was a veteran of the United States Army, having served in Korea and Japan during the Korean War; and Whereas, Judge Character was a product of Cleveland Public Schools, graduating from Glenville High School, and received his bach-elor’s degree from The Ohio State University and law degree from the University of Michi-gan; and Whereas, Judge Character was a member Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, Inc.; and Whereas, Judge Character is survived by his wife, Dee Ann, two daughters, Dea L. Character and Darla Character-Johnson, eight grandchildren and eight great grandchildren, and leaves a legacy of legal and judicial excel-lence, committed community service and the respect of his peers; Resolved, on behalf of the residents of the 11th Congressional District of Ohio, we ac-knowledge, salute and celebrate the life of The Honorable Carl J. Character, his contribu-tions to Northeastern Ohio this 4th Day of September 2018, and in honor of his service to Northeast Ohio and our country. f 
HONORING COMMAND SERGEANT MAJOR GEORGE L. MURRAY, U.S. ARMY (RETIRED) 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Command Sergeant Major George L. Murray, U.S. Army (Retired). CSM (Ret) George Murray was born in New Bedford, Massachusetts. He enlisted in the Army on April 17, 1939 out of the Civilian Conservation Corps. He was assigned to Company A, 1st Separate Chemical Battalion, Schofield Barracks, Hawaii where he was serving on December 7, 1941 when the Japa-nese attacked Pearl Harbor. He returned to Edgewood Arsenal, Maryland, in 1942 to at-tend Officer Candidate School (OCS). After graduation he was assigned to Camp Sibert, Alabama. In August 1944, he joined C Com-pany of the 86th Chemical Mortar Battalion in France and served with the battalion for the remainder of World War II. From the end of the War to 1951, he served in various assignments in CONUS, including the Deseret Chemical Center, UT, the 91st Chemical Mortar Battalion at Fort Lewis, Wash., and the 11th Airborne Division, Fort Campbell, Ky. In 1949 he reverted back to the enlisted rank of Master Sergeant. He served as First Sergeant and instructor in the Chem-ical, Biological and Radiological (CBR) School in Japan from November 1951 to July 1954. Afterwards, he returned to CONUS and served at Fort Dix, N.J., as Committee Chief of the CBR School. He was promoted to Sergeant Major on April 8, 1959 and served as Ser-geant Major for the 100th Chemical Group and for the U.S. Army Chemical Corps Training Command From July 1960 to July 1964, he served at Headquarters Chemical Sections in Orleans, France and Heidelberg, Germany. He returned to Fort McClellan, Ala., in August 1964 and again served as Sergeant Major of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A04SE8.026 E04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1195 September 4, 2018 
the 100th Chemical Group. In January 1969 he was promoted to Command Sergeant Major of the U.S. Army Chemical Corps School, which made him one of the first Ser-geants Major to be promoted to the new rank of CSM. CSM (Ret) Murray is a veteran of both the Pacific and European Theaters of Operations during World II. He is a veteran of Pearl Har-bor and the campaigns of Northern France, Ardennes (Battle of the Bulge), Rhineland and Germany. His awards include the Bronze Star and Army Commendation Medal with one Oak Leaf Cluster (OLC). After his retirement in 1969, CSM Murray accepted a position as Safety Supervisor, with the FMC Corporation in Anniston, Alabama. He continues to be active supporting the Chemical Corps Museum and the Chemical Corps Regimental Association (CCRA). He served as the first Honorary Sergeant Major of the Regiment and is a member of the U.S. Army Chemical Corps Hall of Fame. He cur-rently lives in Anniston with his wife, Theddie, but will soon be moving to Texas. Mr. Speaker, please join me in thanking George for his service to our country. 
f 
HONORING MARIE FORD 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable public servant, Mrs. Marie Ford. Mrs. Ford is the daughter of the late Mrs. Clay D. Moore. She is married to Mr. Charles Ford and the mother of two daughters, Luetrina and Catrina. She has two grandsons and three siblings. Mrs. Ford is a retired educator but continues to work on a part-time basis in education. She received her education in the Greenville Public School District. She attended Lucy L. Webb Elementary School and graduated from Cole-man High School in 1964. She furthered her education at Mississippi Valley State Univer-sity, graduating with degrees in Biology and Chemistry in 1969. She later received a Mas-ters Degree from Delta State University in Bi-ology in 1975. Her teaching career has spanned some 40 plus years. She began teaching at Coleman High School, then Leland Middle School, and eventually Leland High School, where she offi-cially retired in 2009. Mrs. Ford is a member of the Greater St. Peter M.B. Church, pastored by Dr. Jesse King. She serves as the church’s secretary and Superintendent of the Sunday school. She also serves as the Dean of the Washington County General Baptist Association, and a member of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mrs. Marie Ford for her dedica-tion to serving others and giving back to the community. TRIBUTE TO VIC NOER HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Vic Noer, of Bedford, Iowa for being awarded the Volun-teer of the Year Award from the Bedford Area Chamber. Vic has lived in Bedford for 52 years where he has worked as a house painter and ran a movie theatre. He has welcomed local kids to play basketball on his ‘‘green court’’ while teaching them skills and helping them learn about the game. He served on the Bibbins Park Board for 30 years while also being ac-tive on the library, museum, and Hospice of Central Iowa boards. He spent many years as the camp director for the Western Iowa Chap-ter for Muscular Dystrophy and is still very ac-tive with the Bedford Iowa Lions Club. Mr. Speaker, the examples set by Vic dem-onstrate the rewards of harnessing one’s tal-ents and sharing them with the world. His ef-forts embody the Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent him and constituents like him, in the United States Congress. I know all of my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives will join me in congratulating Vic Noer for his achievement and wish him noth-ing but continued success. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE PESHTIGO FIRE 
HON. MIKE GALLAGHER 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 147th anniversary of the Great Peshtigo Fire. The Great Peshtigo Fire claimed more lives than any other fire in our nation’s history, but it is an often-overlooked tragedy. Few of us can imagine a blaze large enough to consume millions of acres across Northeast Wisconsin and the Upper Peninsula. Yet the destructive force of the fire is a power-ful testament to the resilience of the Wiscon-sinites who emerged from the tragedy and re-built from the ashes. The year 1871 was a defining moment for the survivors who, with no exceptions, lost family members, neighbors, friends, homes, and businesses. The village of Peshtigo lost more than half its residents to the fire on the night of October 8, 1871. The exact number of deaths is uncertain because many loggers traveled in and out of the city each day, how-ever, most estimates indicate that more than 700 people died in Peshtigo as fire consumed the city. Hundreds more perished in the small-er communities spread across the 1.5 million acres destroyed by the blaze. Although the village of Peshtigo was built on both sides of the Peshtigo River, the fire spread too quickly for many to escape. Eye-witnesses described the firestorm as a roaring tornado that fell from the sky with searing heat. By the following morning, the village was reduced to a blackened wasteland in which al-most nothing recognizable remained. As sur-vivors emerged from the river, they discovered that the blaze had melted even metal coins and casks of nails. The Great Peshtigo Fire occurred during an often-forgotten chapter in American history that witnessed three of the worst fires on record break out across the Midwest. Although the Great Peshtigo Fire is sometimes over-shadowed by the Great Chicago fire that oc-curred at the same time, the fire in Wisconsin was far deadlier and remains the worst in U.S. history. Indeed, news of the destruction in Peshtigo may have been slow to spread be-cause the fire had consumed telegraph wires as it burned. Despite this unprecedented destruction, the residents of Peshtigo gradually rebuilt their city and worked hard to make it a thriving commu-nity once more. In offering this proclamation today, it is my hope that this tragic episode will remain in the public memory. I invite this body to recognize the victims of the Great Peshtigo Fire—a blaze that stands as our country’s worst in both its size and lethality. I also want to commemorate the extraordinary resilience of the survivors who, though they lost everything, set out to rebuild their lives and their town. It is a testimony to their efforts that Peshtigo recovered and became a vibrant community again. Mr. Speaker, I urge all members of this body to join me in recognizing the 147th anni-versary of the Great Peshtigo Fire of 1871. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE MIGRA-TORY BIRD TREATY ACT’S CEN-TENNIAL ANNIVERSARY 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the centennial anniversary of the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (MBTA). This Act has saved millions of migratory birds, pro-tecting over one thousand species important to Americans and our natural world. Since being signed into law in 1918, the MBTA has played a pivotal role in animal wel-fare. Within my own state of Michigan and in the 12th district, birds contribute greatly to the environment of our region. Southeast Michigan even includes designated Important Bird Areas like the Detroit River and Western Lake Erie Basin, which are used extensively for migra-tion by waterfowl such as Canvasbacks, Tun-dra Swans, and more. What’s more, their presence also provides substantial economic benefits. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service estimated that there are more than 2 million birders in Michigan, and throughout our nation there are over 45 million birders who collec-tively spend around $41 billion on bird-watching each year. And birds remain in seri-ous need of protection. According to the 2016 State of the Birds Report, from the North American Bird Conservation Initiative, more than one third of North American bird species are in need of urgent conservation action. Most of the U.S. species are protected by the Migratory Bird Treaty Act, so this foundational law remains key to their conservation. 100 years after its implementation, it is crit-ical that we ensure the MBTA’s continued suc-cess. We owe our children and our grand-children the joy of experiencing the rich bird 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A04SE8.029 E04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1196 September 4, 2018 
life in this great country. The Fish and Wildlife Service has long used reasonable discretion to apply the law to hazards including spills and oil waste pits, saving countless numbers of birds by incentivizing the adoption of simple practices that protect birds. We should build upon its success and find solutions that ben-efit birds and people. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating this monumental anniversary. My hope is that we continue building on the legacy of the Migratory Bird Treaty Act, so that there are many more anniversaries to come. 
f 
IN HONOR OF DUNCAN M CCULLOCH 
HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take some time today to honor Duncan M
CCulloch, an explementary constituent who I am immensely proud to represent. Mr. McCulloch has served the public schools of Southern California for more than 25 years as a teacher and administrator. Before becoming principal of Segerstrom High School in Santa Ana, he served with distinction as the assist-ant principal of Costa Mesa High School, and then Corona del Mar High School. Each school he has worked at has been touched by his outstanding leadership and enthusiasm, and his students have been inspired by his dedication. Mr. McCulloch has served as Segerstrom High School’s principal for 5 years, and during that time he constantly strove to provide more opportunities for the enrichment of his stu-dents. Among his many accomplishments are introducing a program in American Sign Lan-guage, creating the only Aerospace engineer-ing program in Southern California, and imple-menting an ACT preparation program to help students reach their goals. His dedicated focus for his students became evident to all that witnessed him teach and guide his students. He was not only a prin-cipal, but a mentor, friend, and at times even a father figure to his students. He carries the qualities that every principal should strive for— dedication, genuine interest, and being a role model for all of his students. Mr. McCulloch enriches the lives of every-one he encounters and is a pillar of his com-munity. Every role that he has held was served with distinction and leadership. His time as a principal for Segerstrom High School will be forever remembered, and we are sad-dened to see him leave. His actions deeply impacted all of his students and colleagues who will now carry on his legacy and continue to make a positive impact in our community. Even though he is retiring, he will continue to be a teacher, leading by example and dem-onstrating the best qualities of a life. I am truly honored to recognize Mr. McCulloch today for improving and guiding the lives of future gen-erations. RAISING AWARENESS OF THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 1918 SPANISH FLU HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the 100th Anniversary of the 1918 influenza pandemic also known as the ‘‘Spanish Flu’’, which killed 50 million people worldwide, including 675,000 in the United States. The Spanish Flu was the deadliest known global pandemic of the world, second only to the Bubonic Plague. In 1918 there was no health insurance; peo-ple paid for healthcare out of their own re-sources and many had a harder time gaining access to healthcare. There was no flu vaccine to protect against the influenza infection and no antibiotics to treat secondary bacterial infections that are associated with influenza infections, control ef-forts worldwide were limited to non-pharma-ceutical interventions such as isolation, quar-antine, good personal hygiene, use of dis-infectants, and limitations of public gatherings, which were applied unevenly. Today we have the antibiotics, However, when the next pandemic hits it will be a full out race to not only identify the pandemic but also to develop a cure and lessen the amount of mass casualties. It is time that we cease this debate on uni-versal healthcare as if it is not a societal ben-efit. The Affordable Care Act assures that mil-lions of Americans have access to healthcare which includes annual flu vaccines. It is important to remember that before the era of modern medicine, the Spanish Flu pan-demic infected an estimated 500 million peo-ple worldwide, which at that time was about one-third of the Earth’s population. The Spanish Flu killed 10 percent of the 500 million people who contracted the disease. Mortality was high for people younger than 5 years old, 20–40 years old, and 65 years and older. The high mortality in healthy people, includ-ing those in the 20–40 year age group, was a unique feature of this pandemic. While the Spanish Flu virus has been syn-thesized and evaluated, the properties that made it so devastating are not well under-stood. The Spanish flu occurred during WWI, and in fact killed more soldiers than those lost in baffle. On September 24, 1918, the Houston Chronicle reported that there were between 600 and 700 cases of the Spanish Flu at Camp Logan, now Memorial Park. By the end of October 1918, more than 106,000 residents in Texas’ urban centers had been afflicted. It is estimated that 20,000 Texans died dur-ing the pandemic. There have been three additional flu pandemics since the Spanish Flu of 1918, in-cluding the 2009 H1N1 flu pandemic which spread to over 214 countries and overseas territories or communities, but none has been nearly as deadly. We must continue to provide resources to fund our disease preventing and disease fight-ing institutions throughout the Federal govern-ment including the Department of Health and Human Services and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and others who work tirelessly to protect the health and wel-fare of our citizens. As global citizens, we must also keep our borders open and continue to share informa-tion with our neighbors and global partners, like the World Health Organization who are committed to the prevention and arresting of pandemics. We know that when a fatal pandemic strikes there is no limit to where its reach might spread. Mr. Speaker, I call on my colleagues to join me in remembering the 675,000 Americans who died during the 1918 Spanish Flu pan-demic. I also call on my colleagues to continue supporting research and innovation into these and other diseases that will build a greater global preparedness for the next pandemic which we know is inevitable. We must remain ever vigilant to the possi-bilities of future pandemics that could have a similar impact as the Spanish Flu. As leaders of this nation, we must stress the need to be prepared while also hoping that we never see this kind of devastation again. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NANCY AND TERRY PHILLIPS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Nancy and Terry Phillips of Truro, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anni-versary. Nancy and Terry’s lifelong commitment to each other truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one an-other for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Nancy and Terry Phillips on this meaningful occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued happiness. 
f 
CONGRATULATING BARBARA WEBBER FOR RECEIVING THE GREATER WATERTOWN-NORTH COUNTRY CHAMBER OF COM-MERCE ATHENA AWARD 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Barbara Webber on receiving the Greater Watertown-North Country Chamber of Commerce Athena Award. Since 1991, the Greater Watertown-North Country Chamber of Commerce has pre-sented its Athena Award annually to an ac-complished female leader in the community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A04SE8.033 E04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1197 September 4, 2018 
This year, the Chamber selected Barbara Webber for her embodiment of professional excellence, her commitment to the community through years of service, and for her encour-agement of fellow women leaders as she guides and assists them in reaching their full potential. Barbara has an unprecedented number of qualifications that helped earn her this award. Moving to Jefferson County in 1968, she quickly became known in the community as a beloved teacher and a familiar face at public meetings and events. For her more than 30 years of service as an educator, Barbara was recognized by the Carthage Central School District as a Distinguished Contributor and was inducted into their Hall of Achievement. Barbara made history when she was elected to serve as the first African American woman on the Jefferson County Board of Legislators. She has been steadfast in her support of Fort Drum and our troops, and was named one of the original Women of the Mountain for her dedication. As a member of dozens of volun-teer-based organizations in the North Country, Barbara continues to devote her life to serving others. Her commitment to advancing young women stood out through her role on the New York State Board of Directors for the Miss New York Scholarship Pageant, where she has inspired hundreds of young North Country women to strive for excellence. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I want to congratulate Barbara Webber on her well- deserved award, and thank her for her com-mitment to strengthening our North Country community. Barbara sets a powerful example for serving others, and I am proud to recog-nize her for a lifetime of achievements. 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF SAINT JOHN THE BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great enthusiasm that I honor Saint John the Baptist Church in Gary, Indiana, as the con-gregation commemorates the church’s 100th anniversary. The church members and leaders will be celebrating this momentous milestone, ‘‘100 Years on the Vine,’’ with a Gala Banquet on September 21, 2018, followed by morning and evening services on September 23, 2018. For the past 100 years, Saint John the Bap-tist has had numerous influential pastors lead its congregation in faith and community, in-cluding Reverend A.J. Allen, Reverend T.L. Ballou, Reverend Leon Davis, Reverend Ivor Moore, Reverend Julius James, Reverend Raymond McDonald II, Reverend Rodney Grif-fin, and the current pastor, Reverend R.E. Robinson, to name a few. Saint John the Baptist’s great history in-cludes many poignant and significant mo-ments. Because of Reverend Julius James’ close friendship with Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., Dr. King made his first visit to Gary, Indi-ana. After the passing of Dr. King, Pastor James established the Ecumenical Celebra-tion, which honors the legacy and goodwill of Dr. King. At that time, the church also started its not-for-profit housing development, The Saint John’s Homes, which supported fair em-ployment and housing in Gary. Reverend R.E. Robinson and the congrega-tion continue to serve the citizens of Gary as well as the entire community throughout Northwest Indiana. Under Pastor Robinson’s leadership, the congregation continues to grow, and numerous community projects have been completed. For their service and guid-ance to those most in need, the members and leadership of Saint John the Baptist Church are worthy of the highest praise. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in honoring and congratulating Saint John the Baptist Church of Gary, Indiana, on its 100th anniver-sary. The congregation and leadership de-serve the highest commendation for their de-votion and commitment to the community of Northwest Indiana and beyond. f 
HONORING BMC RACING 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize BMC Racing for their success in the 2018 Tour de France. BMC Racing is headquartered in Santa Rosa, California, in my district. Headed by former American cyclist Jim Ochowicz, who serves as President and team manager, the team sent six cyclists to the Tour this year, in-cluding Tejay van Garderen of Tacoma, Washington. At the 2018 Tour de France, BMC proved its abilities once again at the highest levels of competition in the cycling world. The team fin-ished eighth overall in the 2018 Tour de France, emerged victorious in the Stage 3 Team Time Trial, and earned seven yellow jer-seys—along with five stage victories. Indi-vidual team members also did well: Greg Van Avermaat stood in first places for eight con-secutive stages, while Damiano Caruso fin-ished in 20th place overall. The BMC organization regularly trains in Santa Rosa and the wine country area. They are also active in the community. Their ‘‘Cycle with Champions’’ ride is done in conjunction with Team Swift, a local youth cycling organi-zation, and many organization officials have ties to the Santa Rosa region. BMC has a his-tory of producing champion cyclists, and once again displayed their resilience and dedication in 2018. At the finish line, Damiano Caruso summed up the overall morale of the team, saying, ‘‘At the end of three weeks, I can say that my experience was positive.’’ Mr. Speaker, BMC Racing has deep roots in the Santa Rosa community, and continues to inspire generations of young cyclists. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor the cyclists and owners on their accomplishment in this year’s Tour de France. 
f 
THANKING MR. JOHN LARRY CAR-TER FOR HIS SERVICE TO THE HOUSE 
HON. ROBERT E. LATTA 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, on his retirement on October 3, 2018, I rise today to thank John Larry Carter for over 36 years of outstanding service to the United States House of Rep-resentatives. John ‘‘Larry’’ Carter is a rarity, in that he spent nearly his entire career at the U.S. House of Representatives. He also joined the U.S. Navy Reserves in October 2000 and con-tinues to serve the Reserves today, rising to the rank of Chief Petty Officer, conferred on September 16, 2016. Thinking at first it was an April Fool’s joke, Larry began his Congressional journey on April 1, 1982 as a laborer under the Clerk, Don Anderson, moving furniture throughout the House campus and working as a store-room clerk. Due to his outstanding work ethic he quickly moved up the ranks to Inventory Control Specialist and began inventorying fur-niture and completing service orders. In the span of 3 short years, Larry was a la-borer’s helper, group leader, warehousing spe-cialist and eventual finisher in the Finishing Shop. It is here in the Finishing Shop with the Office of the Chief Administrative Officer (CAO) that Larry really shined. He spent the bulk of his career in the Finishing Shop, uti-lizing his experience from vocational school, to work on such projects as the House Floor, chairs and seats in the House Chamber, the dais, the House Speaker’s Chair, and the page desks in the back. One of his major ac-complishment is the original lectern still used today on the House Floor. Larry’s imprint is on many furniture pieces in Congress and will no doubt be his legacy. Larry was promoted to Manager of Fur-nishings in 1999, a position he still holds today, and considers one of his greatest ca-reer accomplishments. Larry’s enthusiasm for doing the right thing and helping others to un-derstand the challenges of safety and perfec-tion for finishing furniture is immeasurable. Larry’s list of accomplishments is long, and some of his most exemplary work can be seen on Speaker Tip O’Neill’s Desk and the desk of Speaker Tom Foley, which included hand- painted birds on the desk. The finishing work that he and his staff completed in the House Chamber on the chairs and dais, will surely stand the test of time. He also made major contributions to 17 Congressional Transitions, assisted with Departmental budgets, devel-oped his employee’s training plans, and men-toring them to accept greater responsibilities and an appreciation for fine furniture. Larry, as an aviation enthusiast, has men-tioned as one of his fondest Congressional memories, besides all his finishing work ac-complishments, is when he had the privilege to meet the Tuskegee Airmen at the Rayburn House Office Building. They were being feted and awarded the Congressional Gold Medal, Congress’s Highest Civilian Award, bestowed in 2006. His compilation of the great antiquities found on the Hill truly is a great legacy he will leave behind since it will help future historians better understand the Capitol’s and House of Rep-resentatives’ true treasures. Mr. Carter has al-ways been prompt, courteous, and helpful in dealings I have had with him. His expertise, skill, and knowledge will be missed. Following his retirement, Larry intends to stay in Military Service and would like to spend more time with his wife of 25 years, Debbi, and his three children. He plans to con-tinue his active lifestyle, fishing, running, teaching aviation, and spending quality time with his family. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A04SE8.037 E04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1198 September 4, 2018 
On behalf of the entire House community, I extend congratulations to Larry for his many years of dedication and outstanding contribu-tions to the U.S. House of Representatives. We wish him many wonderful years in fulfilling his retirement dreams. 
f 
HONORING SGT JESSE LEE BUCHANAN, SR. 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Sgt Jesse Lee Buchanan, Sr. Jesse was born on March 3, 1947 to the late John G. Sr. and Margaret Buchanan in Anniston, Alabama. Jesse attended Thankful Elementary School and graduated from Wil-liam C. Overfelt in San Jose, California. He at-tended San Jose City College, Daniel Payne and in 1965 attended Florida A&M and played semi-professional football for the 1967 San Jose Patches. He also played with the Oak-land Raiders before being drafted in the U.S. Army. While serving in Vietnam, Jesse was wounded after being shot 18 times. After being wounded, he was medically dis-charged with the Awards and Declarations which include: The National Defense Service Medal, Vietnam Campaign Medal, Republic of Vietnam Campaign Medal and the Purple Heart. Jesse re-entered San Jose City College, San Jose State and then became employed with the State of Veteran’s Administration and San Jose City as a traffic engineer. He later worked for Eastman Kodak where he retired. Jesse has been married to Diane for 36 years and has four children: LaShawn Dearing, Celeste Paige, William Buchanan and Jesse Jr. They have also been blessed with eight grandchildren and two great-grand-children. Jesse attends Gaines Chapel A.M.E. Church and serves as a Trustee and Finance Advisor. He is a member of the Thomas A. Williams Elks Lodge and was ‘‘Brother Elk of the Year’’ in 2014. He is also a member of the American Legion Post and the Masonic Jackson Pride. In 2018, Jesse flew to Washington, D.C. with the Alabama Freedom Flight to see the Vietnam Wall and Korean Memorial. Mr. Speaker, please join me in thanking Jesse for his service to our country. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARCIA AND STEVE FRESE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Marcia and Steve Frese of Bridgewater, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. Marcia and Steve’s lifelong commitment to each other truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one an-other for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Marcia and Steve Frese on this meaningful occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued happiness. f 
HONORING PLEASANT HOPE MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable histor-ical church, Pleasant Hope Missionary Baptist of Lambert, Mississippi and the great leader-ship it is under, Rev. Reginald G. Griffin. New Hope Missionary Baptist Church, sitting on the banks of Cassidy Bayou in Vance, Mis-sissippi was originally granted to the African- American sharecropping community around 1902 to be used as a church and a school for African-American students. In those days es-pecially in rural plantation settings where you had many sharecropping families, they only had church schools to attend. After the 1954 U.S. Supreme Court’s decision in the case of Brown vs The Board of Education of Topeka, Kansas, changes had to be made in the deliv-ery of education to African-American students. Due to the fact whites were trying to delay the impact of this landmark court decision that of separate but equal which later led to the forced integration of schools, they began to build public schools in the Mississippi delta, supposedly separate but equal in the 1950’s and early 1960’s. Therefore, as a result, New Hope Church was no longer needed to serve as a school; it was used solely for the edifying and uplifting of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ and the surrounding communities. Many of the members in the mid to late 20th century came from the A. L. King, E. Q. Vance and William Yandell plantations in South Quitman and Tallahatchie Counties in Mississippi. Former Pastors were: the late Jim Jones, Jordan Taylor, Jim Lee, Joe Survillian, T. Terry, L.J. Rodgers, M.L. Long and former Pastor Oswald G. McCaskill. In February of 2002 Reverend Reginald Griffin answered his call to Pastor New Hope Missionary Baptist Church. October 2005, Reverend Reginald Griffin, Pastor of the New Hope M.B. Church called a meeting with members of New Hope and Pleasant Ridge Missionary Baptist Church of Lambert, Mississippi, his former church prior to coming to New Hope. At this meeting, he put forth a plan to merge the two churches since both had declining memberships be-cause of declining populations in the mostly sharecropping community. Through Divine intervention, the members of New Hope and the members of Pleasant Ridge agreed to the merge. The members of both congregations were given the task of renaming the new church. Pastor Griffin jokingly made the sug-gestion to name the new church Pleasant Hope and that name and other suggestions were voted on. By a slim majority vote in No-vember 2005 the combined church officially became Pleasant Hope Missionary Baptist Church. Pleasant Hope Missionary Baptist Church under the leadership of Pastor Reginald Griffin was officially chartered in the small town of Vance, Mississippi on Cassidy Bayou, located on the Southwest corner of the intersection of Highway 3 (Charley Pride Highway) and Wal-nut Road. The oldest member of New Hope at the time of the charter was Mother Corrine Jack-son Thomas, age 84, and the oldest member now is still Mother Corrine Jackson Thomas at age 97. Since many of the members had long since moved from the plantations and had settled in nearby Lambert and Marks, and the fact that the historic building of New Hope was no longer suitable for conducting services, the membership set sites on a more secure and suitable location to build a new sanctuary fur-ther North where most of the members had moved. After much prayer and searching, Pastor Griffin and the Deacons were led to an over-grown parcel of land in the heart of Lambert (the Town of Hope) which was perfect for Pleasant Hope’s new location. The parcel was purchased, cleared and the new edifice was erected. There were many struggles along the way including but not limited to a straight wind storm that blew many of the rafters down on July 4, 2012, but on September 12, 2012 the first worship service was held in the newly built church at 945 Sixth Street in Lambert, Mississippi. The decision was made to demolish the old structure that was Pleasant Ridge, and plans are in place to preserve the cemetery and use the land in a way that benefits the present membership of Pleasant Hope. Sadly, the original sanctuary of New Hope that had been reconstructed under the leadership of Rev. Myles Long in the 1980’s was accidentally or intentionally burned to the ground on April 10, 2016. The origin of the fire has not been de-termined. The land on which the old New Hope Church sat, was also a cemetery and will be preserved as such in the years ahead. However, the original building held many memories since most of the current member-ship confessed a home in Christ there. Pastor Griffin was led to change church service times from 9:00 a.m. Sunday School, and 11:00 a.m. morning worship to holding Sunday School inclusive with morning worship beginning at 9:00 a.m. The church’s motto is ‘‘We are a church on the move for Christ, our doors and hearts are always open and you are always welcome’’. Over the years the con-gregation has grown spiritually. We now have two Associate Ministers: Minister Gloria Rich-mond Jackson and Minister Tanya Shegog Thomas. Church Officers Board of Deacons and Board of Trustees, Weddie Jackson, Sr. Emeritus, Tommie L. Jackson, Chairman, Jack Clark, Jr., Vice Chairman, Larry Thomas, Church Clerk/Secretary, Elizabeth S. Goins, Treasurer, Andrew Jarriett, Jr., Assistant Treasurer, Robert. L. Jackson, Member, Charles Beasley, Jr., Reginald G. Griffin, Pas-tor. Pleasant Hope Missionary Baptist Church welcomes members of the Lambert, and sur-rounding counties of Quitman, Tallahatchie, Coahoma and Panola to utilize our sanctuary for weddings, funerals, baptisms, and other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A04SE8.040 E04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1199 September 4, 2018 
church and community events. Pleasant Hope is not just a building, but it is a body of Bap-tized Believers whose facility is being used by God as a gateway for glorifying and praising the Lord. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Pleasant Hope Missionary Bap-tist Church for its dedication for serving our great people. 
f 
CONGRATULATING UT SOUTHWESTERN MEDICAL CENTER 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to praise UT South-western Medical Center, which has retained its status as the top hospital in the Dallas-Fort Worth area. U.S. News & World Report annually reviews the best hospitals in the U.S. The publication analyzes data from nearly 5,000 medical cen-ters and survey responses from more than 30,000 physicians to rank hospitals in 16 adult specialties. As UT Southwestern celebrates its 75th an-niversary, they have been recognized as the top hospital in the Dallas-Fort Worth area, the second best in Texas and nationally ranked in seven specialties, including Geriatrics, Neu-rology & Neurosurgery, Diabetes & Endocri-nology, Nephrology, Urology, Pulmonology, and Orthopedics. Nationally, only 158 hospitals ranked in at least one of the specialties in 2018–19. U.S. News & World Report also gave UT Southwestern high-performing ratings in the areas of cancer, cardiology and heart surgery, gastroenterology and GI surgery, and ophthal-mology, as well as for procedures for abdom-inal aortic aneurysm repair, heart failure, colon cancer surgery, lung cancer surgery, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. UT Southwestern received excellent ratings for patient satisfaction for all nine categories of procedures reviewed. Recognition comes as UT Southwestern continues to expand access to its distinctive academic medicine through new facilities and partnerships that find innovative approaches to improving efficiencies and lowering the overall costs of care. UT Southwestern is expanding to meet the needs of North Texas by adding 300 new beds to the existing 460, making it among the largest medical facilities in the nation. In addi-tion, scheduled to open in 2020, a 12-story, third tower will serve as a clinical home for neurological care, consolidated acute inpatient care services, additional operating rooms, interventional suites, expanded Emergency Department care, and two new parking struc-tures. Earlier this year, U.S. News & World Report ranked UT Southwestern Medical School as one of the top 20 medical schools for primary care and the top 30 for research in the United States. Among medical specialties, UT South-western nationally ranked 14th among internal medicine programs and 18th among obstetrics and gynecology programs. In addition, UT Southwestern’s residency program for Internal Medicine was ranked 8th in the nation by Doximity’s 2018–2019 Resi-dency Navigator. UT Southwestern Graduate School of Biomedical Sciences ranked 18th in the nation among graduate schools for biologi-cal sciences and 41st for chemistry, according to U.S. News & World Report. In Chemistry, UT Southwestern ranked 13th for bio-chemistry. UT Southwestern ranked No. 1 in the world among peer institutions in the ‘‘healthcare’’ re-search category on the Nature Index 2018 An-nual Tables, which evaluates publication of high-quality research. UT Southwestern also ranks fifth in the world in the number of pub-lished research articles cited as significant sources in third-party patent applications, used to evaluate an institution’s impact and influ-ence on industrial innovation—how a scientific discovery leads to, or plays a part in, the de-velopment and commercialization of new prod-ucts and services. UT Southwestern is one of the premier aca-demic medical centers in the nation. The facil-ity integrates pioneering biomedical research with exceptional clinical care and education. The institution’s faculty has received six Nobel Prizes, and includes 22 members of the Na-tional Academy of Sciences, 16 members of the National Academy of Medicine, and 15 Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investiga-tors. The faculty of more than 2,700 is respon-sible for groundbreaking medical advances and is committed to translating science-driven research quickly to new clinical treatments. UT Southwestern physicians provide care in about 80 specialties to more than 100,000 hospital-ized patients, 600,000 emergency room cases, and oversee approximately 2.2 million out-patient visits a year. It is my honor to share the successes of UT Southwestern and my privilege to congratulate them on earning this prestigious recognition. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. KYLE ENG 
HON. JACKY ROSEN 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Officer Kyle Eng, a longtime Las Vegas resident and devoted family man. Kyle was a beloved father to his three daughters and husband to Arlyn Eng. He was known for his love of sports and dedication to his family. Kyle worked as a truck driver for a Las Vegas dairy company for over 20 years. Dur-ing that span, he was known as an extremely reliable manager and hard worker and was said to never have missed a day of work. At the age of 50, Kyle decided to leave his job and pursue his lifelong dream of becoming a police officer. Kyle wanted to prove to his chil-dren and grandchildren that it’s never too late to chase your dream. Through his perseverance and determina-tion, Kyle successfully became a Corrections Officer for the City of Las Vegas. Kyle’s cheer-ful spirit, his caring nature, and his persistence to live out his dreams will always be cele-brated and remembered by his family and loved ones. URGING FOR RELEASE OF MI-CHAEL PHUONG MINH NGUYEN FROM DETENTION IN VIETNAM HON. ZOE LOFGREN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge our government to use all of its available resources to ensure the safe and timely re-lease of United States citizen Michael Phuong Minh Nguyen from detention in Vietnam. Michael was captured by Vietnamese au-thorities on July 7th while touring Vietnam and visiting elderly relatives. He is being inves-tigated for ‘‘engaging in activity against the People’s Government’’ and is being held at the Phan Dang Luu Detention Center in the Binh Thanh District of Ho Chi Minh City. Despite having been detained for almost a month, the Vietnamese communist govern-ment has not brought any formal charges against Michael. He has only been allowed to visit with the United States Consulate once and has not been allowed to communicate at all with his family and friends. The Vietnamese government may continue its investigation for several months, during which time Michael will have limited due process rights, including lim-ited communication privileges, according to Vietnam’s laws. Michael’s wife, Helen, wrote to me from our home state of California where she and Mi-chael have raised four children, to ask for as-sistance with her husband’s case. In her letter to me, Helen said: ‘‘Our biggest concern is that without representation, the Vietnamese government will continue to hold him without probable cause, assess bogus and unwar-ranted charges, resulting in serious ramifica-tions.’’ The government of Vietnam has a history of arbitrarily detaining those who have peacefully exercised their legal rights and has been cracking down even harder, recently, with longer sentences. Michael Nguyen’s case is a disturbing example of this, but this time the Vi-etnamese authorities have detained and cap-tured one of our own citizens. As a beacon of freedom and democracy, we cannot let such arbitrary detention of one of our own citizens to stand. I join my colleagues, who have also called for Michael Nguyen’s release, in urging our government to make Michael Nguyen’s re-lease a priority and ensure his safe return home to the United States. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MIKE BOST 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 4, 2018 Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 378 and YEA on Roll Call No. 379. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A04SE8.043 E04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D966 Tuesday, September 4, 2018 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
See Re´sume´of Congressional Activity. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6011–S6034 Measures Introduced: Three bills and one resolu-tion were introduced, as follows: S. 3405–3407, and S. Res. 621.
                                                          Pages S6028–29 
Measures Reported: Report to accompany S. 2602, to support carbon dioxide utilization and direct air capture research, to facilitate the permitting and development of carbon capture, utilization, and sequestration projects and carbon dioxide pipelines. (S. Rept. No. 115–328) S. 1204, to authorize the United States Postal Service to carry out emergency suspensions of post offices in accordance with certain procedures, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–329) S. 1888, to amend title 5, United States Code, to increase the maximum amount of a Voluntary Sepa-ration Incentive Payment and to include an annual adjustment in accordance with the Consumer Price Index, with an amendment. (S. Rept. No. 115–330) S. 2276, to require agencies to submit reports on outstanding recommendations in the annual budget justification submitted to Congress, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–331) S. 2836, to assist the Department of Homeland Security in preventing emerging threats from un-manned aircraft and vehicles, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–332) S. 3027, to save taxpayer money and improve the efficiency and speed of intragovernmental cor-respondence, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–333) H.R. 4581, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop best practices for utilizing ad-vanced passenger information and passenger name record data for counterterrorism screening and vet-ting operations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–334)
              Page S6028 Measures Passed: Federal Power Act: Senate passed H.R. 1109, to amend section 203 of the Federal Power Act, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                                                    Pages S6031–32 
Fair RATES Act: Senate passed S. 186, to amend the Federal Power Act to provide that any inaction by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission that allows a rate change to go into effect shall be treated as an order by the Commission for purposes of re-hearing and court review, after agreeing to the com-mittee amendment.
                                           Pages S6031–32 
Diana E. Murphy United States Courthouse: Senate passed S. 3021, to designate the United States courthouse located at 300 South Fourth Street in Minneapolis, Minnesota, as the ‘‘Diana E. Murphy United States Courthouse’’.
                                  Page S6032 
J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Mary Lou Robinson United States Courthouse: Senate passed H.R. 5772, to designate the J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Courthouse in Amarillo, Texas, as the ‘‘J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Mary Lou Robinson United States Courthouse’’.
   Page S6032 
Dr. Benjy Frances Brooks Children’s Hospital GME Support Reauthorization Act: Senate passed H.R. 5385, to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the program of payments to children’s hospitals that operate graduate medical education programs.
                                                                       Page S6032 
Congratulating the Honolulu Little League Baseball Team: Senate agreed to S. Res. 621, con-gratulating the Honolulu Little League Baseball team of Hawaii on winning the 2018 Little League Baseball World Series Championship.
            Page S6032 
Protecting Religiously Affiliated Institutions Act: Senate passed S. 994, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for the protection of commu-nity centers with religious affiliation, after agreeing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04SE8.REC D04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D967 September 4, 2018 
to the committee amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute.
                                                                     Pages S6032–33 
Know the Lowest Price Act: Committee on Fi-nance was discharged from further consideration of S. 2553, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prohibit Medicare part D plans from restrict-ing pharmacies from informing individuals regarding the prices for certain drugs and biologicals, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendments proposed thereto:
                           Page S6033 
McConnell (for Stabenow) Amendment No. 4009, relating to a prohibition on limiting certain informa-tion on drug prices.
                                                  Page S6033 
McConnell (for Stabenow) Amendment No. 4010, to amend the title.
                                                    Page S6033 
Roisman Nomination—Agreement: Senate re-sumed consideration of the nomination of Elad L. Roisman, of Maine, to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
                          Pages S6013–21 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 83 yeas to 14 nays (Vote No. 201), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S6021 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination at approximately 12 noon, on Wednesday, September 5, 2018, and that notwithstanding Rule XXII, Sen-ate vote on confirmation of the nomination. 
                                                                                            Page S6033 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: 1 Air Force nomination in the rank of general. 3 Army nominations in the rank of general. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Marine Corps, and Navy.                            Pages S6025–26, S6033–34 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S6027 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S6027–28 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S6028 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6029–30 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S6030 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S6030 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S6031 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S6031 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—201)
                                                                Page S6021 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 7:17 p.m., until 12 noon on Wednesday, September 5, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6033.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
NOMINATION Committee on the Judiciary: Committee held a hearing to examine the nomination of Brett M. Kavanaugh, of Maryland, to be an Associate Justice of the Su-preme Court of the United States, the nominee, who was introduced by Senator Portman, Condoleezza Rice, former Secretary of State, and Lisa S. Blatt, Ar-nold and Porter, Washington, D.C., testified in his own behalf. Hearing recessed subject to the call and will meet again on Wednesday, September 5, 2018. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 6 public bills, H.R. 6696–6701 were introduced.
      Page H7824 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H7824–25 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 6265, to ensure that only travelers who are members of a trusted traveler program use Transpor-tation Security Administration security screening lanes designated for trusted travelers, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–912); H.R. 6374, to require the Department of Home-land Security to streamline Federal contractor fitness determinations, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–913); H.R. 6400, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a threat and operational analysis of ports of entry, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–914, Part 1); H.R. 6447, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the position of Chief Data Offi-cer of the Department of Homeland Security, and for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04SE8.REC D04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD968 September 4, 2018 
other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–915); H.R. 6459, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require a strategy to diversify the tech-nology stakeholder marketplace regarding the acqui-sition by the Transportation Security Administration of security screening technologies, and for other pur-poses (H. Rept. 115–916); H.R. 6461, to amend title 49, United States Code, to establish in the Transportation Security Ad-ministration a National Deployment Office, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–917); H.R. 5869, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a maritime border threat anal-ysis, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–918); and H. Res. 1049, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1635) to amend the loan counseling re-quirements under the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes, and providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 4606) to provide that ap-plications under the Natural Gas Act for the impor-tation or exportation of small volumes of natural gas shall be granted without modification or delay (H. Rept. 115–919).
                                                 Pages H7823–24 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Meadows to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H7783 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:08 p.m. and recon-vened at 4:17p.m.
                                                     Page H7784 
Committee Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-resentative Comer wherein he resigned from the Committee on Small Business.
                           Page H7784 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act of 2018: Concur in the Senate amendments to H.R. 4318, to amend the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States to modify temporarily certain rates of duty; 
                                                                                    Pages H7784–86 
Biometric Identification Transnational Migra-tion Alert Program Authorization Act of 2018: H.R. 6439, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish in the Department of Homeland Security the Biometric Identification Transnational Migration Alert Program, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 272 yeas to 119 nays, Roll No. 381; 
                                                                      Pages H7786–89, H7806 
TSA Opportunities to Pursue Expanded Net-works for Business Act: H.R. 6459, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require a strategy to diversify the technology stakeholder marketplace regarding the acquisition by the Transportation Se-curity Administration of security screening tech-nologies;                                                                 Pages H7789–91 
Securing the Homeland Security Supply Chain Act of 2018: H.R. 6430, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Secretary of Homeland Security to implement certain require-ments for information relating to supply chain risk; 
                                                                                    Pages H7791–93 
Advancing Cybersecurity Diagnostics and Miti-gation Act: H.R. 6443, amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a contin-uous diagnostics and mitigation program at the De-partment of Homeland Security;
               Pages H7793–96 
Maritime Border Security Review Act: H.R. 5869, amended, to require the Secretary of Home-land Security to conduct a maritime border threat analysis;
                                                                  Pages H7796–99 
Fitness Information Transparency Act of 2018: H.R. 6374, amended, to require the Department of Homeland Security to streamline Federal contractor fitness determinations;
                              Pages H7799–H7801 
Department of Homeland Security Chief Data Officer Authorization Act: H.R. 6447, amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to estab-lish the position of Chief Data Officer of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security;
                        Pages H7801–03 
PreCheck is PreCheck Act of 2018: H.R. 6265, amended, to ensure that only travelers who are mem-bers of a trusted traveler program use Transportation Security Administration security screening lanes des-ignated for trusted travelers;
                        Pages H7807–09 
TSA National Deployment Force Act: H.R. 6461, to amend title 49, United States Code, to es-tablish in the Transportation Security Administra-tion a National Deployment Office;
        Pages H7809–10 
DHS Countering Unmanned Aircraft Systems Coordinator Act: H.R. 6438, amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish in the Department of Homeland Security an Unmanned Aircraft Systems Coordinator; and
            Pages H7810–11 
United States Ports of Entry Threat and Oper-ational Review Act: H.R. 6400, amended, to re-quire the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a threat and operational analysis of ports of entry. 
                                                                                    Pages H7811–13 
Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2019: The House agreed by unanimous consent to disagree to the Senate amendment and request a con-ference on H.R. 6157, making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019.
                                       Pages H7803–06 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04SE8.REC D04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D969 September 4, 2018 
Rejected the DeLauro motion to instruct conferees by a yea-and-nay vote of 171 yeas to 221 nays, Roll No. 380.
                                                                Pages H7805–06 
Later, the Chair appointed the following conferees: Representatives Frelinghuysen, Granger, Cole, Cal-vert, Womack, Aderholt, Rogers (KY), Roby, Lowey, Visclosky, DeLauro, Roybal-Allard, and McCollum.
                                                                    Page H7806 
Committee Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-resentative Loudermilk wherein he resigned from the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
                                                                                            Page H7807 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today and appears on page H7784. Quorum Calls Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes devel-oped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H7805–06, H7806. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 2 p.m. and ad-journed at 9:29 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
EMPOWERING STUDENTS THROUGH ENHANCED FINANCIAL COUNSELING ACT; ENSURING SMALL SCALE LNG CERTAINTY AND ACCESS ACT Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 1635, the ‘‘Empowering Students Through En-hanced Financial Counseling Act’’; and H.R. 4606, the ‘‘Ensuring Small Scale LNG Certainty and Ac-cess Act’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 8–4, a rule providing for the consideration of H.R. 1635 under a structured rule. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. The rule waives all points of order against consider-ation of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule makes in order only those amendments printed in part A of the Rules Committee report. Each such amend-ment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the ques-tion. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in part A of the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. In section 2, the rule provides for the consideration of H.R. 4606 under a structured rule. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Committee on Energy and Commerce now printed in the bill and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those amendments printed in part B of the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in part B of the report. The rule pro-vides one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. Testimony was heard from Representa-tives Johnson of Ohio, Pallone, Garamendi, Guthrie, Takano, and Lamb. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: busi- ness meeting to consider S. 1965, to amend the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 to protect the cultural practices and livelihoods of producers of Alaska Native handicrafts and traditional mammoth ivory products, S. 2773, to improve the management of driftnet fishing, S. 3367, to amend certain transportation-related reporting requirements to improve congressional oversight, reduce reporting burdens, and promote transparency, H.R. 4323, to promote veteran involvement in STEM education, computer science, and scientific research, and the nomina-tions of Rick A. Dearborn, of Oklahoma, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors, Kelvin Droegemeier, of Oklahoma, to be Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy, James Morhard, of Virginia, to be Deputy Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and Joel Szabat, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Transportation; to be imme-diately followed by an oversight hearing to examine the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04SE8.REC D04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD970 September 4, 2018 Transportation Security Administration, focusing on keeping our skies secure, 10 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the value of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization alliance, 10 a.m., SD–419. Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and Inter-national Cybersecurity Policy, to hold hearings to exam-ine the China challenge, focusing on security and military developments, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine the impact of zero tariffs on United States autoworkers, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on the Judiciary: to continue hearings to ex-amine the nomination of Brett M. Kavanaugh, of Mary-land, to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Tamara Bonzanto, of New Jersey, to be an Assistant Secretary (Office of Accountability and Whistleblower Protection), and James Paul Gfrerer, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Information and Technology), both of the Department of Veterans Affairs, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold hearings to exam-ine foreign influence operations’ use of social media plat-forms, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
House 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee on Higher Education and Workforce Development, hear-ing entitled ‘‘On-The-Job: Rebuilding the Workforce Through Apprenticeships’’, 10:15 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Opportunities to Improve Health Care’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Twitter: Trans-parency and Accountability’’, 1:30 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Mone-tary Policy and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Money: Coins and Banknotes’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance, hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Cost of Regulation on Affordable Multifamily Development’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, markup on H. Res. 418, urging the Secretary of the Interior to recognize the cultural significance of Rib Mountain by adding it to the National Register of Historic Places; H. Res. 460, requesting the Secretary of the Interior to rec-ognize the rich history of the logging industry and the importance of lumberjack sports by adding the Lumber-jack Bowl to the National Register of Historic Places; H.R. 5420, the ‘‘FDR Historic Preservation Act’’; H.R. 5513, the ‘‘Big Bear Land Exchange Act’’; H.R. 6013, the ‘‘Migratory Bird Framework and Hunting Opportuni-ties for Veterans Act’’; H.R. 6287, the ‘‘9/11 Memorial Act’’; H.R. 6299, the ‘‘Nevada Lands Bill Technical Cor-rections Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6599, to modify the applica-tion of temporary limited appointment regulations to the National Park Service, and for other purposes; H.R. 6665, the ‘‘Offshore Wind for Territories Act’’; H.R. 6678, the ‘‘Claude Moore Farm Land Conveyance Act’’; H.R. 6687, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to man-age the Point Reyes National Seashore in the State of California consistent with Congress’ longstanding intent to maintain working dairies and ranches on agricultural property as part of the seashore’s unique historic, cultural, scenic and natural values, and for other purposes; and S. 2857, the ‘‘National Nordic Museum Act’’, 10:15 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Water, Power, and Oceans, hearing on H.R. 6583, the ‘‘Big Sand Wash Project Title Trans-fer Act’’; and H.R. 6652, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain facilities, easements, and rights- of-way to the Kennewick Irrigation District, and for other purposes, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 6691, the ‘‘Community Safety and Security Act of 2018’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Surveying Storms: A Deeper Dive into SBA’s Disaster Response’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Highways and Transit, hearing entitled ‘‘Innovation in Surface Transportation’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Reusable Med-ical Equipment: Continuing to Examine VHA’s Sterile Processing Problems’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, hearing on H.R. 4312, the ‘‘Fallen Warrior Bat-tlefield Cross Memorial Act’’; H.R. 6409, the ‘‘Honoring Veterans’ Families Act’’; and H.R. 6420, to permit the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a grant program to conduct cemetery research and produce educational materials for the Veterans Legacy Program, 1 p.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 6662, the ‘‘Empowering Seniors’ Enrollment De-cision Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6690, the ‘‘Fighting Fraud to Protect Care for Seniors Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6561, the ‘‘Comprehensive Care for Seniors Act of 2018’’; H.R. 3635, the ‘‘Local Coverage Determination Clarification Act of 2017’’; H. Res. 1018, requesting the President to transmit to the House of Representatives certain docu-ments in the possession of the President relating to the determination to impose certain tariffs and to the strategy of the United States with respect to China, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, meeting of conferees on H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, 9:30 a.m., SR–325. Senate Committee on Appropriations, meeting of conferees on H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, 2:30 p.m., SVC–202/203. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04SE8.REC D04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D971 September 4, 2018 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of September 5 through September 7, 2018 Senate Chamber On Wednesday, Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of Elad L. Roisman, of Maine, to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Com-mission, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at approximately 12:00 noon. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: September 6, Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Bureau of Indus-try and Security, the International Trade Administration, and the United States International Trade Commission, 10 a.m., SD–192. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Sep- tember 6, to hold hearings to examine outside perspec-tives on Russia sanctions, focusing on current effective-ness and potential for next steps, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sep- tember 5, business meeting to consider S. 1965, to amend the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 to protect the cultural practices and livelihoods of producers of Alaska Native handicrafts and traditional mammoth ivory products, S. 2773, to improve the management of driftnet fishing, S. 3367, to amend certain transportation- related reporting requirements to improve congressional oversight, reduce reporting burdens, and promote trans-parency, H.R. 4323, to promote veteran involvement in STEM education, computer science, and scientific re-search, and the nominations of Rick A. Dearborn, of Oklahoma, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Di-rectors, Kelvin Droegemeier, of Oklahoma, to be Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy, James Morhard, of Virginia, to be Deputy Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and Joel Szabat, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Transportation; to be immediately followed by an over-sight hearing to examine the Transportation Security Ad-ministration, focusing on keeping our skies secure, 10 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Environment and Public Works: September 6, Subcommittee on Transportation and Infrastructure, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Harold B. Parker, of New Hampshire, to be Federal Cochairperson of the Northern Border Regional Commission, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: September 5, to hold hearings to examine the value of the North Atlantic Trea-ty Organization alliance, 10 a.m., SD–419. September 5, Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy, to hold hearings to examine the China challenge, focusing on security and military developments, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. September 6, Full Committee, business meeting to consider the nominations of Lynda Blanchard, of Ala-bama, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Slovenia, Earl Robert Miller, of Michigan, to be Ambassador to the People’s Republic of Bangladesh, Daniel N. Rosenblum, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Uz-bekistan, Kip Tom, of Indiana, for the rank of Ambas-sador during his tenure of service as U.S. Representative to the United Nations Agencies for Food and Agri-culture, Karen L. Williams, of Missouri, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Suriname, Donald Y. Yamamoto, of Washington, to be Ambassador to the Fed-eral Republic of Somalia, and Kevin K. Sullivan, of Ohio, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Nicaragua, all of the Department of State, 10 a.m., S–116, Capitol. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Sep- tember 5, to hold hearings to examine the impact of zero tariffs on United States autoworkers, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on the Judiciary: September 5, to continue hearings to examine the nomination of Brett M. Kavanaugh, of Maryland, to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: September 5, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Tamara Bonzanto, of New Jersey, to be an Assistant Secretary (Office of Accountability and Whistleblower Protection), and James Paul Gfrerer, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Information and Technology), both of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. Select Committee on Intelligence: September 5, to hold hearings to examine foreign influence operations’ use of social media platforms, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
House Committees 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, September 6, Sub-committee on Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘Perfluorinated Chemicals in the Environment: An Up-date on the Response to Contamination and Challenges Presented’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. September 6, Subcommittee on Oversight and Inves-tigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Federal Efforts to Ensure Quality of Care and Resident Safety in Nursing Homes’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. September 6, Subcommittee on Energy, markup on H.R. 6511, the ‘‘Strategic Petroleum Reserve Reform Act’’, 1 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, September 6, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘A Failure to Act: How a Decade without GSE Reform Has Once Again Put Taxpayers at Risk’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, September 6, Sub-committee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Tackling Fentanyl: Holding China Accountable’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. September 6, Subcommittee on the Western Hemi-sphere, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Policy Toward Cuba’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04SE8.REC D04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD972 September 4, 2018 Committee on Homeland Security, September 6, Sub-committee on Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection; and Subcommittee on Transportation and Protective Se-curity, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Understanding Cybersecu-rity Threats to America’s Aviation Sector’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, September 6, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 5468, the ‘‘Permitting Litiga-tion Efficiency Act of 2018’’, 10:30 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, September 6, Sub-committee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 5706, the ‘‘World War II Pacific Sites Establishment Act’’; H.R. 6108, the ‘‘Preserving America’s Battlefields Act’’; H.R. 6118, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to annually designate at least one city in the United States as an ‘‘American World War II Heritage City’’, and for other purposes; H.R. 6365, the ‘‘Treaty of Guadalupe-Hidalgo Land Claims Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 6682, the ‘‘Protec-tion and Transparency for Adjacent Landowners Act’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, September 6, Subcommittee on Intergovernmental Affairs; and Sub-committee on the Interior, Energy and Environment, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Permitting: Finding a Path For-ward’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. September 6, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Evalu-ating Federal Disaster Response and Recovery Efforts’’, 1 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, September 6, Subcommittee on Aviation, hearing entitled ‘‘Airspace Integration of New Aircraft’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. September 7, Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘Building a 21st Century Infrastructure for America: Water Resources Projects and Policy, Part II’’, 9 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, September 6, Sub-committee on Economic Opportunity, hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of VA’s Specially Adaptive Housing Grant Programs (SAH)’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
Joint Meetings 
September 5, Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry, meeting of conferees on H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, 9:30 a.m., SR–325. September 5, Senate Committee on Appropriations, meeting of conferees on H.R. 5895, making appropria-tions for energy and water development and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, 2:30 p.m., SVC–202/203. Joint Economic Committee: September 6, to hold hearings to examine the positive economic growth effects of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, 2:30 p.m., SD–G50. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04SE8.REC D04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D973 September 4, 2018 
* These figures include all measures reported, even if there was no accom-panying report. A total of 129 written reports have been filed in the Senate, 397 reports have been filed in the House. Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
SECOND SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FIFTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY January 3 through August 31, 2018 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 129 122 . . Time in session ................................... 731 hrs., 55 ′ 517 hrs., 48′ ..  Congressional Record: Pages of proceedings ................... 6,009 7,782 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 1,186 . . Public bills enacted into law ............... 37 99 136 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . 1 1 Bills in conference ............................... 2 2 . . Measures passed, total ......................... 324 507 831 Senate bills .................................. 64 37 . . House bills .................................. 94 364 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 4 2 . . House joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 5 3 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 13 15 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 144 86 . . Measures reported, total ...................... *221 *419 640 Senate bills .................................. 144 5 . . House bills .................................. 63 359 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 1 . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... . . . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . 2 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 13 53 . . Special reports ..................................... 10 8 . . Conference reports ............................... 1 1 . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 328 140 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 1,411 2,390 3,801 Bills ............................................. 1,131 1,966 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 13 14 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 13 36 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 254 374 . . Quorum calls ....................................... 1 2 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 200 229 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 148 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... . . . . . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS January 3 through August 31, 2018 
Civilian nominations, totaling 632 (including 146 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 243 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 370 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 19 Other Civilian nominations, totaling 1,087 (including 2 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 778 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 308 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 1 Air Force nominations, totaling 4,723 (including 76 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 4,440 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 283 Army nominations, totaling 6,921 (including 12 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 5,317 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 1,604 Navy nominations, totaling 3,036 (including 11 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 2,175 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 861 Marine Corps nominations, totaling 1,342, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,337 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 5 Summary Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 247 Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 17,494 Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 14,290 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 3,431 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 20 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\CR\FM\D04SE8.REC D04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD974 September 4, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 12 noon, Wednesday, September 5 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Elad L. Roisman, of Maine, to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at ap-proximately 12 noon. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, September 5 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.R. 1635—Empowering Students Through Enhanced Finan-cial Counseling Act (Subject to a Rule). Begin consider-ation of H.R. 4606—Ensuring Small Scale LNG Cer-tainty and Access Act (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of measures under suspension of the Rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Barr, Andy, Ky., E1187 Bonamici, Suzanne, Ore., E1189 Bost, Mike, Ill., E1199 Comer, James, Ky., E1187, E1190 Correa, J. Luis, Calif., E1196 Curtis, John R., Utah, E1189 DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E1193 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1195 Fudge, Marcia L., Ohio, E1194 Gallagher, Mike, Wisc., E1195 Granger, Kay, Tex., E1190 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1196 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1199 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E1192 Latta, Robert E., Ohio, E1197 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E1192 Lofgren, Zoe, Calif., E1199 McClintock, Tom, Calif., E1188 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E1191 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E1187, E1189, E1190, E1192, E1194, E1198 Rosen, Jacky, Nev., E1199 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1189, E1196 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E1188, E1191, E1192, E1195, E1198 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1187, E1190, E1193, E1197 Tipton, Scott R., Colo., E1188 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1191, E1197 Young, David, Iowa, E1187, E1188, E1190, E1192, E1193, E1194, E1195, E1196, E1198 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Sep 05, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D04SE8.REC D04SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST