Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H21 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JANUARY 9, 2018 No. 5 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
ARSHALL ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, January 9, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable R
OGER W. M
ARSHALL to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
TRUMP ADMINISTRATION DE-CLARES WAR ON STATE LEGAL-IZATION OF MARIJUANA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, Friday, the Trump administration de-clared war on State legalization of marijuana as they come out on the wrong side of history and the American public. The Obama administration recog-nized that the vast voter-driven move-ment to legalize marijuana at the State level was something that couldn’t be stopped and, in fact, that the Federal Government shouldn’t interfere. Their Justice Department issued guidance, known as the Cole amendment, that, as long as these voter-approved State legalization ef-forts were enforced rigorously and thoughtfully, the Federal Government wouldn’t interfere with what the voters wanted. Friday, Sessions and the Trump ad-ministration overruled that guidance and declared open war on the part of 93 U.S. attorneys to feel free to interfere with what local voters have decided. This is strongly opposed by the American public. Over 60 percent in poll after poll show that Americans favor legalization of marijuana. When it deals with medical marijuana, that percentage is over 90 percent. We have seen State after State, approve medical marijuana including Florida, with a 71 percent ‘‘yes’’ vote in November of 2016. If the question is, regardless of how you feel about marijuana, should the Federal Government interfere with what the voters have decided, three out of four voters say the Federal Govern-ment should keep their hands off it. Luckily, at least as far as medical marijuana is concerned, they are pro-tected from interference by the Justice Department because of the amendment that I have authored with my friend DANA ROHRABACHER . It is in the con-tinuing resolution. It needs to be in any long-term funding bill. In fact, we should embrace an amendment by our colleague T
OMMCCLINTOCK from Cali-fornia, that would expand those protec-tions to any State legal marijuana ac-tivity. The Justice Department is not just on the wrong side of history and the American public, they are missing a chance to cure the damage caused by selective and cruel enforcement of marijuana laws. We are still arresting tens of thousands—mostly young men of color, especially African-American men—for something the majority of Americans now think should be legal. We miss a chance to win the war against opioid death and addiction. In States that have medical marijuana— surprise—there are fewer pills pre-scribed. The longer the States have had medical marijuana, the lower the over-dose deaths. In California, which has had medical marijuana the longest, there are a third fewer opioid deaths. We are missing an opportunity to build on that. We are missing the opportunity to in-crease the hundreds of millions of dol-lars that are now going to the State tax coffers to deal with education and addiction and law enforcement through State legal efforts and away from the drug cartels and the black market. In-deed, if we clean up this mess, we will have billions of dollars to devote to public purposes and further undermine the strength of drug cartels that use the black market to fund their efforts. It is past time that Congress steps up and fixes this mess. The good news is this reckless action by the Trump administration and Jeff Sessions will accelerate the time that we support what State and local gov-ernments should do: rationalize our cannabis policy and stop this ineffec-tive, failed prohibition. f 
LAW ENFORCEMENT APPRECIATION DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) for 5 min-utes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, on National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day, we salute and thank the brave men and women who make up our law enforce-ment community. Officers on the local, State, and Fed-eral level dedicate their efforts to keep 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA7.000 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH22 January 9, 2018 
us safe. They serve to protect the vul-nerable and to defend us from harm. They patrol the neighborhood beats, walk our streets, and willingly put their lives on the line to do the work that makes our society safe. These men and women preserve our way of life by steadfastly safeguarding us from crime. To ensure the safety and protection of others, many have lost their lives in the line of duty. Their sacrifice must not be forgotten, and their families should always re-main in our prayers. Though today is National Law En-forcement Appreciation Day, I believe members of our law enforcement com-munity deserve our gratitude every day. 
NEW YEAR , NEW TAX CODE  
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, it is a new year, and I am thankful that my Re-publican colleagues and I made good on our promise to bring about a new Tax Code. Due to the historic passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, most citizens, couples, and companies will finally re-ceive the tax relief they have so des-perately needed. The list of companies nationwide that have announced pay raises, bo-nuses, and 401(k) contributions is grow-ing. Companies that weren’t able to in-vest more in their employees in the past have found renewed confidence in this Nation’s economic future. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle proclaimed that this bill was a tax scam that would only profit the rich. These baseless claims are the very epitome of fake news, and nothing could be further from the truth. Already, more than a million Ameri-cans have received bonuses because of our efforts to reform the Tax Code. $900 billion is being distributed to hard-working American taxpayers by job creators as of today. Thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, we have witnessed companies begin to reinvest in the future of em-ployees. In fact, Aflac announced it will increase 401(k) matching from 50 percent to 100 percent for the first 4 percent of employee contribution, on top of issuing one-time bonuses to em-ployees. Our job creators are so inspired by the reforms we worked hard for, and those who are working toward retire-ment will enjoy these benefits for years to come. While some in this Chamber stated that tax reform would lead to Arma-geddon, I would like to point out that, for many, tax reform has brought about what Reagan called morning in America again. Proponents of the sta-tus quo and naysayers claimed that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act would cost tax-payers. That is simply not the truth. Even modest increases in GDP growth caused by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will substantially contribute to a leveling off of the deficit. The Con-gressional Budget Office stated, for every one-tenth of 1 percent increase in GDP, nearly $270 billion in revenue is added over 10 years. Most importantly, hardworking American taxpayers will now keep more of their hard-earned cash. Esti-mates show that married couples tak-ing advantage of the new standard de-duction in the Fifth District of North Carolina may receive a tax cut to the tune of $1,834. That is no small sum. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that House Republicans kept our promise to bring about more jobs, fairer taxes, and big-ger paychecks in 2017, and I look for-ward to this continued success in 2018. f 
IT IS TIME TO STOP THE ATTACK ON THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, last October, President Trump loudly pro-claimed that the Affordable Care Act, ObamaCare, was ‘‘virtually dead.’’ He said it was finished, it was gone. This was after the pummeling that this law had been taking over 2017 in the unsuc-cessful effort by the Republicans to re-peal the Affordable Care Act. Again, last October was a critical moment, because enrollment was about to commence for 2018’s policy year, and the Trump administration announced that they were going to cut in half the time that people would have an oppor-tunity to go out and learn about rates, to talk to get enrollment help, and also to sign up for different plans. They also cut the marketing budget by 80 percent and eliminated funding for folks at the State level to actually provide face-to- face assistance. So it all looked pretty grim back in October in terms of what that would result in in terms of enroll-ment for 2018. Well, as a famous resident from the State of Connecticut, Mark Twain, once infamously said: Rumors of my death have been greatly exaggerated. Yesterday, the Connecticut ex-change, the Connecticut Access Health Exchange, announced their enrollment numbers for 2018. Rather than going down, even though they were only able to enroll people in half the time there was in 2016, and even though they had no budget in terms of trying to actu-ally promote and advertise, their en-rollment went up. It went up by 3 per-cent in terms of the number of people who signed up for Anthem Blue Cross plans, for ConnectiCare plans, and for Medicaid plans. Again, it was done because of this amazing grassroots, organic effort by libraries, by community health cen-ters, by human service agencies, by hospitals that went out and took on the task of getting the word out that, in fact, the Affordable Care Act was still alive and that people would have access to affordable health plans. Sure enough, it resulted in an increase in health plans. Interestingly, the young invincibles, the young enrollees that everybody predicted were going to abandon the program because the enforcement of the mandate was going to be relaxed by the IRS actually had a very strong, healthy number. Coming from a State that is known for its insurance history—it was the in-surance capital of the world—the fact of the matter is that getting those young enrollees, those young members to sign up for these plans, in fact, por-tends well for 2019 and beyond. This morning, The Hill newspaper re-ported that for ObamaCare insurers, actually, their financial prospects are looking much better for 2019 because the system has stabilized. Now, again, there is still work that could be done. There is a bill, H.R. 3748, a Medicare buy-in, which would allow people 50 and up to voluntarily sign up for Medicare, again, using subsidies if they qualify or paying the full cost, which would still be 40 percent less than the plans that are on exchanges throughout the country for people 50 and up. It would not affect the deficit, and, in fact, arguably, it would strengthen the Medicare trust fund be-cause you would get a younger popu-lation into the Medicare Program. So there is work that we can do that is optional, voluntary, in terms of try-ing to provide more choices for individ-uals out there; but, clearly, what hap-pened yesterday in Connecticut and throughout the country in terms of en-rollment figures, that despite the ac-tive efforts by the Trump administra-tion to undercut and sabotage this law, in fact, shows that the law has a life of its own, that, in fact, people are voting with their feet in terms of still trying to get access to the critical needs of every human being and every Amer-ican, which is access to healthcare. I want to particularly congratulate Lieutenant Governor Nancy Wyman, who spearheaded this effort in Con-necticut and yesterday stated: This just shows how valuable the Affordable Care Act is to thousands of residents in Connecticut; also, Jim Wadleigh, the director of the exchange, who, again, was not distracted or demoralized by the comments coming out of the White House but still plunged forward and still persistently and determinedly went out and made sure that people got the real information, the real facts, the real news so that they could, in fact, take an opportunity to protect them-selves and their families from the inev-itable problems of sickness and acci-dent, that every American and every Member of Congress enjoys through their health benefits, for every resident in the State of Connecticut. It is time for us to stop the attack in terms of a program that has provided millions of Americans coverage and op-portunity to healthcare. We should work together on bills like H.R. 3748, a voluntary, deficit-neutral attempt to try and strengthen and provide cheaper alternatives for people 50 and up and small businesses. That is the way for-ward, not this persistent, nonstop hyperpolitical, hyperpartisan attack 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.003 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H23 January 9, 2018 
on a bill that has made a huge dif-ference to millions of Americans. 
f 
b1015 PENNSYLVANIA FARM SHOW The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, over the weekend, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania kicked off one of my favorite events, the Penn-sylvania Farm Show. For more than a century, farmers have gathered each January at the Pennsylvania Farm Show in Harris-burg, Pennsylvania. This week, we are having the 102nd Pennsylvania Farm Show. This weeklong event is the larg-est indoor agriculture exposition in the Nation, showcasing over 6,000 animals, featuring nearly 12,000 exhibits, and more than half a million visitors. Each year, I host a listening session at the Farm Show and we cover a range of topics during the public forum, from raising awareness about agriculture education to hearing very real con-cerns from our dairy farmers and more. As we embark on crafting the next farm bill, the 2018 listening session was extremely important. I want to thank the following Mem-bers who were able to join this year’s Farm Show: Agriculture Committee Ranking Member C
OLLIN PETERSON , Congressman D
WIGHT EVANS , Congress-man T
OMMARINO , Congressman R OGER  M
ARSHALL , and Congressman L LOYD  S
MUCKER . I also want to thank USDA Under Secretary Greg Ibach for coming up to join us. I was honored to be joined by Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture Secretary Russell Redding. The Pennsylvania Farm Show truly does bring together so many different people in the ag community and it is an event like none other. As vice chair-man of the House Agriculture Com-mittee, I am very proud of this fine event that takes place in the Common-wealth. The Farm Show complex houses 24 acres under one roof, spreading throughout 11 buildings, including three arenas. There is no admission fee and it is a great event for the entire family. There are numerous edu-cational shows that are all free of charge. The Pennsylvania Farm Show pro-vides an atmosphere for everyone to walk through, observe, and educate themselves about different areas of ag-riculture, the Commonwealth’s largest industry, which brings in nearly $6.9 billion annually in agricultural cash receipts. Almost half a million jobs are tied to the industry, which positively impacts all Pennsylvanians. Undoubtedly, one of the most popular attractions at the Pennsylvania Farm Show is the Food Court. Located in the Expo Hall and Main Hall of the com-plex, the Food Court offers visitors a variety of Pennsylvania products—PA Preferred products—and it generates income to support the nonprofit Penn-sylvania Agricultural Commodity Or-ganizations. Mr. Speaker, over a century ago, the first Pennsylvania Farm Show was a 3- day exhibit. Today, the event is a weeklong, 8-day celebration of how the agricultural industry touches our ev-eryday lives. Proudly, this event draws visitors from across the country to highlight everything our State has to offer when it comes to ag. Numerous students participate in the event as well from 4–H clubs and FAA organizations. The Pennsylvania Farm Show truly showcases our Nation’s farmers and landowners, and I was thrilled to again take part in the best agricultural expo in the country. f 
THE NATIONAL DEBT AND OUR SHARED FUTURE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about the national debt and our shared future. Our country has been on an unsustainable fiscal path, regardless of which party has been in power, and we all know this. As a result, our na-tional debt is the largest it has ever been. As of this week, the national debt is in excess of $20 trillion. This works out to be an average of $62,670 debt for every man, woman, and child in the United States. It is outrageous. It is a completely unacceptable amount of debt, and we have it because of irre-sponsible governing and a lack of polit-ical courage here in our Nation’s Cap-ital. Sadly, this Congress has chosen to continue this irresponsible and unsustainable fiscal course. The tax cut legislation that Republicans rammed through the Congress last month will add $1.45 billion to our def-icit over 10 years, estimated, and over $2.2 trillion to our national debt. We are going in the wrong direction. But there is something I think that I have learned about this tax legislation last month, and that is that it seems that deficits matter under Democratic administrations, but under Republican administrations, deficits don’t matter at all. So when it comes to lifting our debt ceiling later this year, I would expect or hope to see every Republican who voted for the tax bill that adds $2.2 tril-lion to our deficit—our debt to vote to increase the debt ceiling, seeing as deficits no longer matter. Let’s think about this $2.2 trillion tax bill that will add to our debt. That is $2.2 trillion in additional moneys that our children will have to pay for unless we do something. We can be fis-cally responsible, and we must be fis-cally responsible. But to act to change this course, we must stop digging this hole bigger. I had a farmer friend who once told me: JIM, I’ve got a theory about holes, and that is, once you find yourself in one, just stop digging. Sometimes you think if you dig harder and faster, you’re going to get out of it. Just stop. Mr. Speaker, this will be difficult, es-pecially considering the opportunity we missed to put the Nation back on a fiscally responsible path with the tax reform effort last year. Yet there are important steps that we can take—and Congress should—to balance our budget and to keep it from getting worse, like the amendment proposed by Represent-ative S
TEPHANIE MURPHY from Florida, a balanced budget amendment. We should also move to implement targeted reforms on government spend-ing, both mandatory and discretionary spending, in ways that contribute to economic growth and invest in our fu-ture. It is tough work. It requires polit-ical courage and the willingness to reach across the aisle, for Democrats and Republicans to join hands and jump, in essence, on these tough deci-sions. The last time we had such an oppor-tunity to address the challenge was in March of 2012, when Congressman J
IM C
OOPER from Tennessee presented a budget resolution similar to the rec-ommendations under Simpson-Bowles. That plan would have reduced the def-icit over $4 trillion over a 10-year pe-riod. Sadly, the political courage was in short supply then on that day, as it is now. There were 38 of us who were will-ing to support the plan. I was attacked by political groups on the left and on the right for taking such a vote, but that vote was the right thing to do and I was proud to take it. Congress has a chance to do the right thing now. Congress has to come to-gether. We need Democrats and Repub-licans to put our Nation’s fiscal house back in order for the sake of all Ameri-cans. The Blue Dog Coalition, of which I am a co-chair, has a long history of standing for fiscal responsibility, even when it was hard. Bridging the divide between Republicans and Democrats, both in Congress and this administra-tion, is what we must do. So as we are debating today how to put together the votes for the concur-rent resolution to fund our Nation’s budget for the rest of this year, let’s think about this. Let’s work together. What a novel concept. As I stand here today, as a Blue Dog, as a proud Representative of Califor-nia’s 16th Congressional District, and as a concerned American, ready to reach across the aisle to create the bi-partisan, long-term policy solutions that will help us tackle our national debt and our deficit, and that will help put us back on a fiscally sustainable path, I invite my colleagues and my fellow Americans to join me. This is what good governance is real-ly all about. This is where responsible leadership is necessary. It is what 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.004 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH24 January 9, 2018 
Americans want and need, and it is what we should be doing. 
f 
TRYING TO MAKE A DIFFERENCE FOR VETERANS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. M
ARSHALL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address a very troubling issue, but also to tell the story of one of my high school classmates who is trying to make a difference. Mr. Speaker, every day, 22 veterans in the United States take their own lives. At this pace, veterans are com-mitting suicide at a rate of 19 percent higher than the general adult popu-lation. We, in Congress, will not turn a blind eye to these servicemembers in need of our support. This issue is a top clinical priority for the Department of Veterans Affairs, as well as for this Congress. In a unanimous vote, the House passed legislation that works for the VA to examine the effectiveness of the Veterans Crisis Line. I am also a proud cosponsor of the Oath of Exit Act writ-ten by my close friend and colleague, Congressman B
RIAN MAST from Flor-ida. This legislation will require all in-dividuals retiring or separating from the Armed Forces to take a pledge not to harm themselves. But these actions alone are not enough, and more must be done to protect our servicemembers. To help our veterans with this men-tal health battle, we are now turning to our four-legged friends. Therapy dogs have a proven success record for helping our veterans tackle the phys-ical and mental challenges that they face in their transitions back to civil-ian life. As I stand before the House today, I want to bring awareness to one organi-zation that I am especially proud of, K94Heroes. This nonprofit group pro-vides therapy dogs to our servicemen and -women who are in desperate need of compassion and support. I am over-joyed to see members of the commu-nity empowering our veterans and I am honored to say that this organization was founded in my home State, in my hometown, by one of my high school classmates, John ‘‘Big Daddy’’ Lipscomb. John founded the K94Heroes program after connecting with one of our other classmates, an elementary classmate, who specializes in service dog training for veterans. In 2015, John and his daughter established K94Heroes and raised private funds to mitigate train-ing costs. Together, they work tire-lessly to ensure every veteran who de-serves a service dog receives one. We owe it to those who protected us abroad the assurance of protection here at home. With upstanding citizens like John ‘‘Big Daddy’’ Lipscomb and with continued action on the Federal level, we will be able to better protect our veterans who sacrifice so much for this country. Still, this Congress must make continued efforts toward veteran suicide prevention, and I commend the efforts of organizations such as K94Heroes. f 
HONORING JOHN YOUNG, CENTRAL FLORIDA’S LOCAL HERO The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO) for 5 minutes. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the life of an Orlando favorite son, a hero that we lost this past week-end, Astronaut John Young, who was inspirational and legendary to our community and who grew up in College Park in Orlando, Florida. Streets named after him span our district, as well as Congresswomen M
URPHY ’s and D
EMINGS ’ districts in central Florida. He was described by our local paper as a ‘‘country boy who grew up in Or-lando, Florida, back when it was most-ly farmland.’’ He even got in trouble for smuggling a corned beef sandwich into space on Gemini 3. He was mostly known for his coolheadedness and calm demeanor as he took numerous trips into space with NASA. Some of the flags and mission patches he flew into space are on dis-play in our Orlando Science Center. In central Florida, we are proud to have the John Young Parkway bear his name. He died on January 5, this past Friday, at his home in Houston. Mr. Y
OUNG was NASA’s longest-serv-ing astronaut. He was the first person to orbit the Moon by himself and the ninth person to walk on the Moon as well. He was the first person to travel to space six times during NASA’s Gem-ini and Apollo lunar missions, and into the space shuttle programs as well. John Young commanded the first space shuttle flight mission, an iconic view that so many central Floridians and so many Americans have seen over the years during that program. He was awarded the prestigious Congressional Space Medal of Honor in 1981. He rep-resents the very best of the Orlando area. Rest in peace, Astronaut John Young. 
f 
b1030 HONORING ISABEL CASTANO-LUGO The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
ARSHALL ). The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN ) for 5 minutes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Isabel Castano-Lugo, who will turn 112 years young on January 11. Isabel, a super-centenarian, is one of only a handful in the Nation who has lived through some of the brightest times and darkest chapters in our history. Born in 1906, in Manizales, Colombia, Isabel was one of 13 brothers and sis-ters. At age 41, Isabel married and had 2 sons, Omar and Danilo Lugo. Because of the increasing violence in her home country and the kidnapping of her hus-band, Isabel began a new life with her children in the United States in 1970, and, for 26 years, she resided in my dis-trict in beautiful Miami Beach. Throughout her long and distin-guished life, Isabel has never ceased placing the needs of others before her own. Isabel has served as a strong ad-vocate for many important issues and organizations, such as the Jewish Com-munity Center of Miami Beach, and has continued to serve as a voice for the voiceless to this day. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating this historic birthday with Isabel, who is the oldest living person in the State of Florida. CONGRATULATING COACH MARK RICHT  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate Mark Richt, head coach of the Miami Hurricanes football team on being named the Wal-ter Camp 2017 Coach of the Year and the ACC Coach of the Year. In only two seasons at the helm, Coach Richt has created a winning en-vironment at my alma mater, the Uni-versity of Miami. This season, the Hur-ricanes won their first ACC Coastal Di-vision title and ended a 7-year losing streak against rival Florida State Uni-versity. Coach Richt’s success on the field this past year also earned him two no-table accolades. He is the first Miami Hurricane’s coach to be named ACC Coach of the Year and only the second UM coach to receive the Walter Camp award. Coach Richt is truly a phe-nomenal leader, and I am confident that he will continue to guide UM’s football program to greater victories in the years to come. Once again, ‘‘congratulations,’’ ‘‘felicidades,’’ to Coach Richt on your success this last season, and ‘‘Go Canes.’’ 
CONGRATULATING COACH JIM MORRIS  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate Jim Morris on celebrating his 25th and final season as head coach of the Miami Hurricanes baseball team. Coach Morris has dedi-cated his life to college baseball. He has won over 1,500 Division 1 games, the fifth most in the history of the sport. During his tenure, the University of Miami, my alma mater, qualified for the College World Series more times than any other baseball program throughout the country, and he led the team to two national championships. Coach Morris has also been named Na-tional Coach of the Year three times. Coach Morris’ outstanding leadership for the past 25 years has left a positive and lasting impact on the University of Miami. I am confident that this his-toric legacy will continue to inspire and will continue to shape Hurricane baseball in the years to come. Once again, ‘‘congratulations,’’ ‘‘felicidades,’’ to Coach Morris on a long and distinguished career. ‘‘Go Canes.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.006 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H25 January 9, 2018 
RECOGNIZING THE UNIVERSITY OF CENTRAL FLORIDA FOOTBALL TEAM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. M
URPHY ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to honor the football team at the University of Central Florida lo-cated in my congressional district. The Knights finished the season ranked sixth in the Nation by the Asso-ciated Press. They had a perfect 13–0 record—the only team in college foot-ball to go undefeated. UCF won the American Athletic Conference cham-pionship with an exhilarating—and ex-cruciating—double-overtime victory against a talented team from the Uni-versity of Memphis. The Knights shook up the world of college football in the Peach Bowl on New Year’s Day when they beat Au-burn University, one of the most sto-ried football programs in the country. I had a personal stake in the outcome of the Peach Bowl, having made a friendly bet on the game with Con-gressman M
IKE ROGERS , whose Ala-bama district is home to Auburn. I am excited to collect my winnings from Congressman R
OGERS later today, a bucket of delicious Florida oranges that he will deliver to me while car-rying a UCF helmet. I thank the football gods that UCF did not lose. Under the terms of the wager, I would have been compelled to blanket a tree on the Capitol grounds with toilet paper, pursuant to a time- honored and, frankly, bewildering Au-burn tradition. I am grateful that the Knights saved Capitol Police from the trouble of having to arrest a Member of Congress for vandalism. Even though UCF was not given the opportunity to play for the national championship, the players and coaches of this team are national champions in my book. The Knights didn’t just win games, they also won our hearts. They didn’t just beat opponents, they also beat the odds. Sports—in particular, team sports—have a unique power to captivate, to unify, and to inspire. Under the strong and steady leader-ship of Head Coach Scott Frost, the Knights captivated the school’s stu-dents and alumni, filling them with pride. They united our Central Florida University community from Orlando to Oviedo, from Apopka to Altamonte Springs, and they inspired countless people, young and old alike, both foot-ball experts and novices. Importantly, UCF the football team brought na-tional attention to UCF the university, which has quietly become one of Flor-ida’s and our Nation’s academic gems. To be sure, the Knights’ squad was filled with talented players, seven of whom won first team all-conference honors, including rifle-armed quarter-back McKenzie Milton, fleet-footed running back Adrian Killins, and one- handed defensive warrior Shaquem Griffin, who personifies courage and character. Many members of the team justifi-ably played with a chip on their shoul-der, having been overlooked by more established college football programs coming out of high school. They had to earn respect through their actions. Ul-timately, what made the Knights so special and so successful was not what they accomplished as individuals, but, rather, what they achieved together as a team. It was clear from watching the coaches and players that they loved and respected each other. The bond they shared made them teammates in the truest sense of the word. The team’s motto, which is the name of the UCF fight song, is ‘‘Charge on.’’ It is a message whose power extends beyond the football field and applies to life itself. When you confront challenges, charge on. When others doubt your abilities, charge on. And when you think you can’t work any harder, charge on. As a proud fan, I thank the UCF foot-ball team for showing us all what it means to charge on. f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO NATIONAL MERIT SCHOLARSHIP RECIPIENTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize seven students from my district who have received the 2017 National Merit Scholarships. The criteria required to receive a Na-tional Merit Scholarship is quite dif-ficult. In fact, of the 15,000 finalists se-lected, only half will actually receive scholarships. The recipients of this prestigious scholarship are Connor Schmidt of Ham Lake, Benjamin Caswell of Shoreview, Raffi Toghramadijan of Blaine, Rachel Cho of Blaine, Piper Christenson of Spring Lake Park, Catherine Lewis of Blaine, and Kenneth Truong of Coon Rapids. Each one of these students has big plans for the future which include ca-reers in medicine, science, and engi-neering—all fields that are critically important to the success of our Nation. I congratulate each of these students on receiving this scholarship, and we look forward to watching you achieve great success in your respective ca-reers. Good work, and good luck. 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF CAPTAIN JEFFREY  
VOLLMER  
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life of one of Minnesota’s heroes. On Tuesday, De-cember 19, 2017, Captain Jeffrey Voll-mer of the Mayer Fire Department died in the line of duty. A loving father and husband, Jeff is survived by his wife, Emily, and their two daughters, Anika and Kennedi. He was a 12-year veteran of the all-volun-teer fire department in Mayer, Min-nesota. Friends and colleagues knew him as a selfless and kind leader who was always willing to help others. Fire Chief Rod Maetzold described Jeff as the kind of guy you could count on when it mattered most. Jeff was an avid muskie fisherman who enjoyed hunting and photography. Jeff loved to work with wood. He built signs, tables, and even a bed set for his daughter. We pray for peace and comfort for his colleagues, friends, and family. He will be missed by so many. RECOGNIZING JAKE HENRIKSEN  
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding serv-icemember from my district, Jake Henriksen. As a Centennial graduate and resident of Lino Lakes, Minnesota, Jake always knew he wanted to serve in the military. As a third-generation member of the U.S. Army, his service as a specialist representing the 173rd Airborne Infantry Brigade Combat Team continues a family legacy of service to our Nation. In just under 2 years in the service, Jake won the U.S. Army Europe Sol-dier of the Year award. Each company of the Army made up of about 100 peo-ple selects a soldier to compete in the Best Warrior Competition. Jake was chosen as his company’s representa-tive. The competition tests soldiers’ abilities in a variety of areas, includ-ing a physical test, a written test, marksmanship, land navigation, chem-ical defense, and medical tasks. Jake excelled in all, which is why he went on to earn the title of U.S. Army Europe Soldier of the Year affirming his com-mitment to excellence. Our community is very proud of Jake and his accomplishments. We admire his dedication and his commitment to serve. Congratulations, Jake. 
COMMEMORATING NATIONAL LAW ENFORCEMENT  
APPRECIATION DAY  
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day to re-member the men and women in blue who protect and serve our great Na-tion. The great State of Minnesota is home to many phenomenal law en-forcement officers, men and women, who put their lives on the line each and every day to ensure the safety and se-curity of our communities. These are the true heroes, and some, tragically, have lost their lives in the line of duty. In 2016, Deputy Steven Sandberg was shot and killed in the line of duty in St. Cloud, Minnesota. While his death was both senseless and tragic, we remember the courageous way he chose to live and serve our local community. In honor of brave officers like Deputy Sandberg today and every day, let us remember and honor the selfless serv-ice of our men and women in blue. 
f 
DEFENDING THE AMERICA WORD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, this morning, a high school senior sat at-tentively in a Chicago classroom while 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.008 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH26 January 9, 2018 
this country held her college dreams hostage. This morning, a fourth-year medical student started her rotation as an as-piring thoracic surgeon in Cambridge while this country took her talent for granted. This morning, an enlisted soldier liv-ing in Queens eagerly awaited his basic training assignment while his country shrugged their shoulders at his service. This morning, 800,000 young men and women woke up, offered a brave smile to their loved ones, and sought to bet-ter the only home they have ever known. You can call them DREAMers. You can call them immigrants. You can call them Americans. You can call them husbands, wives, sons, daughters, neighbors, doctors, students, service-men and -women. You can call them human beings who deserve to live in a place that they call home; whose lives shouldn’t be horse- traded for big walls, petty tweets, and bad campaign ads; who have offered us their talent, their tirelessness, their ingenuity, their empathy, their loy-alty, and their patriotism; who have earned their government’s protection in return. We gave those 800,000 human beings our word, and if those of us here in this room who have the incredible privilege of serving in these halls bestowed with the title ‘‘Representative,’’ if we aren’t willing to defend the American word and make sure that it still means something, then who will? 
f 
NATIONAL LAW ENFORCEMENT APPRECIATION DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, today is National Law Enforcement Apprecia-tion Day, and so I rise to honor our men and women in blue. My oldest son is a local police officer, so I am acutely aware of the risks and sacrifices made by the men and women in law enforce-ment. They assume risks every day—risks we sometimes take for granted in order to keep our communities safe. Being a law enforcement officer isn’t a job. It is a calling. It is a service to the commu-nity. b1045 Despite the very real risks, they re-spond to the call always knowing they may not go home. Just last week, a deputy in the com-munity my son serves in was struck by a car during a traffic accident. Yes, he was responding to a traffic accident, and he was hit by a car. It broke his back, broke his neck, and crushed his face. The last update I received, he was in critical condition. All he was doing was trying to protect people at a traf-fic accident. We can’t take that for granted. Today we need to pause and simply offer a thank-you to law enforcement officers across the country and to their families. We offer a prayer for those who have reached the end of watch. Join me today in thanking police of-ficers across this Nation. Take a mo-ment to simply say thank you. RECOGNIZING THE BICENTENNIAL YEAR OF  
MACOMB COUNTY  
Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the bicentennial year of Macomb County, Michigan. On January 15, 1818, Macomb County was formally organized as the third county in the territory of Michigan. Macomb County was designated nearly 20 years before Michigan even gained statehood. It was named in honor of General Alexander Macomb, a deco-rated veteran of the War of 1812. Macomb’s rich history of service to our Nation doesn’t stop there. In July 1917, almost 100 years after Macomb’s founding, Selfridge Field was established. Everyone in Macomb County and the National Guard knows the importance of Selfridge Air Na-tional Guard to our national security. Its founding just 13 years after the Wright brothers’ first flight is a true testament to the commitment to na-tional security and to innovation that has defined Macomb County for 200 years. In addition to being the auto capital of the world, Macomb led the manufac-turing that resulted in the arsenal of democracy in America’s victory in World War II. Our defense industry helped the Allies win World War II and continues to provide necessary re-sources to maintain our strength and security in the world. I am proud to represent Macomb County in Washington, D.C., and eager to celebrate the 200th anniversary of this great county. 
f 
HONORING AND PAYING TRIBUTE TO THE HONORABLE DR. MARTIN LUTHER KING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to pay honor and pay tribute to the Honorable Dr. Martin Luther King, and, Mr. Speaker, I am so proud and honored to have the preeminent privilege of doing so here in the well of the Congress. Mr. Speaker, Dr. King was born at a time, to quote Dr. Benjamin Hooks, when he could buy a hat but he couldn’t try it on. He was born at a time when he could only sit in the balcony of a movie, and that was in some movies. There were others that he wasn’t allowed in at all. He was born at a time when he had to sit in the back of the bus or he might be barred from riding the bus totally. He was born at a time when he would have to wait in line and others of a dif-ferent hue could always stand in front of him. He was born at a time when invidious discrimination and when segregation was apparent and lawful. Dr. King was born at a time when there were few who were willing to challenge the hate and the bigotry that was emanating from this country in all of its arenas for the most part. But Dr. King was a person who under-stood that that which you will tolerate you will not change. Dr. King refused to tolerate bigotry and hatred. He re-fused to tolerate it, and, in fact, that is what separated him from a good many other people, for the most part. Dr. King, if I may recall, went to Bir-mingham, Alabama, in 1963. He went there to do something about the condi-tions, about the discrimination, about the hate and the bigotry. When he went there to do something about it, there were people who were tolerating hatred and bigotry. There were people there who were very prominent members of the cler-gy—eight of them—who decided that they would write Dr. King a letter and explain to him that what he was doing was unwise and untimely. They ex-plained to him that law and order should prevail. They commended the constabulary for protecting the city. These were persons who were consid-ered honorable people, but they were people who were willing to tolerate ha-tred and bigotry. They, in fact, insisted that we should let the courts handle this: Let’s work it through peaceful means by which we might sit and nego-tiate with those who would perpetrate hatred and bigotry. Dr. King, on the other hand, sought to use nonviolent protest as a method-ology by which change might take place. The things that he could not tol-erate he was willing to protest to bring about change. There were other great orators of the time. Dr. King was indeed a great ora-tor, one of the greatest ever, but there were other great orators. There were other persons who were knowledgeable, had Ph.D.’s, and who were very well versed in what was happening with dis-crimination and could have spoken up on it. Many did speak up, but many of them were willing to tolerate it. Dr. King was not, and that separated him from a good many people who were ora-tors, who were learned, and who under-stood invidious discrimination. In fact, they were opposed to it, but they toler-ated it in quiet ways. So when Dr. King went to Bir-mingham, these eight clergypersons having written him a letter, he found himself incarcerated in the Bir-mingham jail, and he decided to re-spond to them. The ‘‘Letter from Bir-mingham Jail’’ is a response to eight notable clergy members in Bir-mingham. So he decided to respond to their let-ter. In responding to their letter, he gives us this masterpiece that really addresses what invidious discrimina-tion is all about, why you can’t con-sider yourself an outside agitator if you are an American, and why you have to do this not only for yourself, but for the generations to come. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.010 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H27 January 9, 2018 
But reading Dr. King’s letter, as mas-terful as it is, is not enough. So today, in honor of his birthday, January 15, I am asking people to read the letter that Dr. King was responding to. If you read that letter, then you will under-stand why you cannot tolerate hate. 
f 
ADMINISTRATION’S OIL DRILLING PLAN INCLUDES FLORIDA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, last week, the Department of the Interior announced a newly proposed plan to expand offshore drilling off our country’s coasts, including Florida’s. Shortly after making the announce-ment, Secretary Zinke guaranteed that States will have a voice in this process. So I have come to the floor today as the elected Representative of the Flor-ida Keys and southern Miami-Dade, a district that includes ecological treas-ures and economic drivers like the Florida Keys National Marine Sanc-tuary, Everglades National Park, and Biscayne National Park, to be that voice. I can say this with confidence: the people of Florida and its leaders, in-cluding myself, have made it clear over and over again how we feel about off-shore drilling near Florida. We don’t want it. We don’t want to put our beautiful beaches and environmental treasures at risk. We don’t want to risk the live-lihoods of millions of hardworking American men, women, and families when there is no need. Florida simply has too much to lose. Mr. Speaker, I, along with many of my colleagues in this Chamber, both Florida Senators M
ARCO RUBIO and B
ILLNELSON , and our Governor Rick Scott, are going to make sure Florida’s voice is heard loud and clear on this issue: we don’t want drilling near Flor-ida’s shores, we don’t need drilling near Florida’s shores, and we will not allow this or any administration to put our economy or our environment at risk. 
HONORING MILKEN EDUCATOR AWARD RECIPIENT  
DALE ADAMSON  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Dale Adamson, a dedicated teacher of mathematics at Howard D. McMillan Middle School in my district and a recent recipient of the prestigious Milken Educator Award. Central to Mr. Adamson’s selection was his classroom rapport with stu-dents, ability to explain complicated concepts through real-world applica-tions, and a daily commitment to his craft. Not satisfied with simply lec-turing on abstract theories at the chalkboard, Mr. Adamson gained well- deserved renown for exciting his stu-dents with real-world problems like how algebra was used by NASA re-cently to land a probe on an asteroid or the multitude of mathematical prin-ciples one might observe launching ob-jects off the school’s roof. The Milken Family Foundation’s motto states that ‘‘the future belongs to the educated.’’ As a past member of the Miami-Dade School Board and the proud father of two daughters in the public school sys-tem, I am glad to have teachers like Mr. Adamson in our community. I sin-cerely believe that educators with the heart and imagination displayed by Mr. Adamson are the key to unlocking the next generation’s potential. IMMIGRATION POLICY  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to remind my col-leagues how critical it is that Repub-licans and Democrats work in good faith to find a compromise on immigra-tion policy in the coming days. Congress first began trying to pass legislation for the benefit of young im-migrants who were brought to our country as children through no fault of their own some 17 years ago. All at-tempts have failed, but this time fail-ure is not an option. 800,000 DREAMers who came forward and registered with the government in recent years would be at risk. These are young people who are working, paying taxes, getting educated, and contributing to our country. They speak English. Some of them want to serve in our military to defend our freedoms. They sat in the same class-rooms and grew up with our own chil-dren. Many have no memories of their countries of origin. Mr. Speaker, these are America’s children. That is why we all need to work together in the coming days and find a compromise that can secure the future for these young immigrants and, at the same time, make our country safer and more prosperous by securing our borders and reforming our immi-gration laws. Americans have been expecting re-sults from Congress on immigration policy for years. Enough is enough. The time for action is now. 
f 
A YEAR OF RESULTS FOR THE NORTH COUNTRY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
TEFANIK ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I want to take a moment today to highlight the real results we have achieved on behalf of north country families in this Congress. In 2017, we worked on many impor-tant initiatives to grow the north country economy, support our veterans and military families, strengthen our local healthcare system, and improve education. In fact, last year alone, the House of Representatives passed more than 470 bills and resolutions, 90 per-cent of which are bipartisan. In Congress, I focused on important legislation to grow our local economy. I recently introduced two bills that will increase access to rural broadband and help our north country farmers bring their production into the 21st century. I also helped the House pass legisla-tion to strengthen career and technical education programs. This bipartisan bill updates Federal career and tech-nical education policies to help more students gain the skills they need to compete for in-demand jobs. I have also introduced bipartisan leg-islation to boost north country tour-ism by extending the time Canadian visitors can spend each year in the United States. We have also made significant strides when it comes to education. For the past 3 years, I have worked to ensure that our students have the educational opportunities to achieve their limitless potential. In my first year in Congress, I introduced a bill to expand Pell grant access so that students can access this critical financial aid resource during summer months. I was pleased to see my initiative for year-round Pell signed into law this past May, meaning students and families in our district now have another important tool to achieve their higher education dreams. As the proud Representative of Fort Drum and the Navy nuclear site at Kesselring, my district is home to thousands of military families that make incredible sacrifices serving our Nation. In 2017, I was pleased to have a bill I authored pass the House of Representa-tives to help military spouses. This leg-islation eliminates a loophole that re-quires military spouses to establish residency every time their service-member receives a new assignment. I also introduced two bills that will help military spouses that were signed into law in December. The Lift the Re-location Burden from Military Spouses Act increases professional license port-ability. This provides reimbursement for licensing fees of up to $500 for each permanent change of station. The sec-ond is the Military Residency Choice Act, which allows spouses the choice to establish the same State of residency as their servicemember spouse for vot-ing and tax purposes. New York’s 21st District is the proud home of more veterans than any other district in New York State. My district offices have been hard at work on their behalf helping to recover over $2.25 million in hard-earned VA benefits for our veterans. Congress also passed an extension of the GI Bill education benefits that lifts the expiration on when they can be used, giving veterans more flexibility to attend higher education institu-tions. Last summer, Congress passed the Department of Veterans Affairs Ac-countability and Whistleblower Protec-tion Act, which President Trump signed into law. This important law makes it easier to terminate failing VA employees and provides stronger pro-tections for whistleblowers who raise the alarm over wait lists or medical malpractice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.011 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH28 January 9, 2018 
b1100 No veteran deserves to be denied care, and this law brings needed ac-countability to the VA. Healthcare is another issue I hear frequently about when I speak with families and businesses across my dis-trict, especially ensuring our rural communities have the access they need. In September, I introduced the CHIME Act, a bipartisan bill to extend the Community Health Center Fund for 5 years. Federally Qualified Health Centers like Hudson Headwaters, North Country Family Health, and the Com-munity Health Center of the North Country provide over 95,000 people in my district with critical healthcare and preventative services. I am pleased that this bill has over 200 cosponsors. The overwhelming bi-partisan support for the CHIME Act was instrumental in the House passing legislation to extend the Community Health Center Fund for 2 years. I have also been a strong supporter of CHIP and I voted to pass a 5-year reau-thorization in the House in November. While we work to have long-term so-lutions for these two programs signed into law, I was pleased to pass a crit-ical extension for them in December. Mr. Speaker, last year was busy working hard to grow our North Coun-try economy, increase access to edu-cation, serve our brave veterans, and much more. I am honored every day to serve New York’s 21st District in Con-gress and I look forward to continuing to work my hardest in 2018. 
f 
SUPPORTING THOSE LIVING WITH ALZHEIMER’S DISEASE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share the story of Philip Gutis. Mr. Gutis is from New Hope, Pennsyl-vania. At the age of 56, he has been di-agnosed with early-onset Alzheimer’s disease. Early-onset Alzheimer’s cur-rently affects hundreds of thousands of Americans who are under the age of 65. Diagnoses for this debilitating neuro-logical disease in its early stages can be arduous and frustrating, as many of the symptoms resemble less serious issues like stress. Mr. Gutis recently visited my dis-trict office to discuss living with this disease. He detailed the pain, stress, and confusion that he felt when first diagnosed. He described how simple tasks can become challenging when dealing with memory loss. But his mes-sage was not to complain about his ail-ment, it was to be a voice for other in-dividuals who live with Alzheimer’s, those who are unable to have their voices be heard. Alzheimer’s is a serious neurological disease. Though there is no cure, treat-ment for symptoms can help slow the progressive effects of dementia. I stand in support of Mr. Gutis and all those living with Alzheimer’s. DOYLESTOWN HEALTH FOUNDATION  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, the Doylestown Health Foundation is a healthcare network that has provided critical care to the Bucks County com-munity for over 90 years. In recogni-tion of its continued work, Doylestown Health recently received $10 million in gifts, the largest amount in their his-tory. The pair of $5 million donations were given by two families with close ties to the Doylestown Health Foundation. Richard and Angela Clark have had four generations of family cared for at Doylestown Hospital, while Alex Gorsky, the CEO of Johnson & John-son, and his wife, Patricia, have served on the hospital board and board of di-rectors, respectively. Supporting institutions in our com-munity through charitable donations are crucial to community prosperity. The generous gifts of the Clark and Gorsky families are earmarked for vital projects like a new heart and vas-cular center. With contributions like these, the Doylestown Health Foundation will be able to continue providing optimal care to those in our Bucks County community. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Lasky, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 3759. An act to provide for the estab-lishment and maintenance of a Family Caregiving Strategy, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the Senate has passed a bill of the fol-lowing title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 1425. An act to reauthorize the Inte-grated Coastal and Ocean Observation Sys-tem Act of 2009, and for other purposes. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF SHER-IFF’S DEPUTY ZACKARI PARRISH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. B
UCK) for 5 minutes. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the heroism and bravery of Douglas County Sheriff’s Deputy Zackari Parrish. I attended Deputy Parrish’s funeral this past Friday and heard what a great husband, father, son, and law en-forcement officer he was. He was a fa-ther of two young daughters; a husband to his wife, Gracie; a son to his loving parents; and a colleague to many of the Douglas County Sheriff’s Office. Zackari lost his life 10 days ago, re-sponding to a domestic disturbance call in Highlands Ranch, Colorado. Ser-geant David Buyers spoke of Zackari’s bravery that day, saying that he didn’t flinch, he didn’t back down, he didn’t hesitate. But he also did everything in his power, according to the sheriff, to talk down the gunman. Sadly, we can’t always win the bat-tles against evil, and on that day, Zackari lost. But a lost battle is not a lost war. Zackari knew he fought in a war to defend the innocent and to stand up for good. It is an honor to speak about a hero. We have the chance to honor one of those people who devoted their life to others. People like Zackari remind us that our world is not lost, evil will not win the day, and we can give more to this world than we take from it. Zackari is a hero for the people of Douglas County, Colorado, his fellow sheriff’s deputies, and the State of Col-orado. I pray for his family, friends, and fellow deputies as they charge ahead in life without their loved one. I pray that God will give them peace in this time and that God will be glorified even in the midst of this horrible trial. I pray for the other law enforcement members, the other heroes wounded that day, as well: Michael Doyle, Tay-lor Davis, Jeff Pelle, and Thomas O’Donnell. We can never repay their sacrifices for our community. We can only com-mit ourselves to never forget the cost they willingly paid for us. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 6 min-utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Lord our God, we give You thanks for giving us another year. At the beginning of this new session, surround us with Your Holy Spirit. En-compass with Your power all the walls and the dome of this building, truly a symbol to the world of inalienable rights and the freedom of people. Guide and protect Your elected serv-ants in government and all who work in this place. May all who visit here be treated with respect and kindness. May the comings and goings of Your people be under the seal of Your loving care, and may all our work be done for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.014 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H29 January 9, 2018 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Al-legiance. Mr. BABIN led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESIGNATION FROM THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER laid before the House the following resignation from the House of Representatives: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , January 3, 2018. Speaker P
AULRYAN, The Capitol, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN: I write to inform you that I will resign from the office of U.S. Rep-resentative, effective 5:00 PM EST, Monday, January 15, 2018. For the past seventeen years, it has been a tremendous honor and privilege to serve the people of Ohio as a Member of Congress. I thank you for your leadership as Speaker and wish you all the best in future success. Sincerely, P
ATRICK J. T IBERI , Representative to Congress. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , January 3, 2018. Hon. J
OHNR. K ASICH , Riffe Center, Columbus, OH. D
EAR GOVERNOR KASICH : I am writing to inform you that I will resign from my seat effective 5:00 PM EST, Monday, January 15, 2018. It has been an unimaginable privilege to serve the people of the 12th district of Ohio for the past seventeen years. Throughout this time, I have been honored to have worked with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to strengthen our nation and im-prove people’s lives. However, I am equally proud of the outstanding constituent serv-ices my office has provided to help countless central Ohioans solve myriad problems with the federal government. Public service is a sacred trust with those we represent, and I hope I have been able to make a difference in people’s lives. It was a distinct honor to succeed you in Congress, and thank you for your leadership as governor to make Ohio an incredible place to live, work, and raise a family. I wish you all the best in continued success. Sincerely, P
ATRICK J. T IBERI , Representative to Congress. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. REPUBLICAN REFORMS CREATE JOBS (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, last week, I had the oppor-tunity to visit every county in the dis-trict I represent on an annual agenda day tour. I shared with local media and constituents the legislative agenda for 2018, as well as my appreciation for the Republican tax reform bill, which has already created jobs. While walking through Walgreens 2 weeks ago, the owner of Mooneyhan’s Auto Service, Bill Mooneyhan, told me that, as a direct result of Republican tax cuts, he is adding a new bay to his shop. Nephron Pharmaceuticals of Cayce, led by Lou and Bill Kennedy, an-nounced an annual $1,000 pay increase and is adding 125 jobs in Lexington County. American Airlines and Aflac are add-ing jobs, while countless other busi-nesses are providing pay increases and bonuses for their employees. I am grateful for the leadership of President Donald Trump, Speaker PAUL RYAN, Majority Leader K EVIN M
CCARTHY , Republican Whip S TEVE  S
CALISE , and Chairman K EVIN BRADY . I thank them for providing much-needed tax relief for citizens to create jobs. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Best wishes to Foreign Affairs Com-mittee Chairman E
Dand Marie Royce on their decision to conclude service in Congress. 
f 
URGING THE FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION TO ENFORCE THE FLIGHT SAFETY LAW (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Madam Speaker, each year we are reminded of the day that Continental Flight 3407 crashed in western New York. This tragedy forever changed our commu-nity and stole the lives of husbands, wives, sons, daughters, sisters, and brothers. In their grief, the families of Flight 3407 bravely turned their loss into a powerful force for change. With their leadership, Congress enacted strong and landmark aviation safety reform legislation. That reform exactly aligned with what the National Trans-portation Safety Board concluded: that the crash was avoidable, and that pilot error and failed training procedures were the causes. We have new leadership at the Fed-eral Aviation Administration, and I strongly urge him to swiftly enforce the flight safety law. We, the members of the western New York delegation and the families of Flight 3407, will be watching closely. EIGHTH ANNIVERSARY OF THE DEVASTATING EARTHQUAKE IN HAITI (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, this Friday, January 12, marks the eighth anniversary of the devastating earthquake that took the lives of 250,000 Haitians and left unimaginable destruction. Local south Florida orga-nizations, led by Haitian Women of Miami, will hold a silent march at 4 p.m. this Friday to mark the occasion, walking from Northwest 62nd Street to North Miami Avenue to the Little Haiti Cultural Center. These past 8 years, the people of Haiti have shown incredible resolve, even after being hit by Hurricanes Mat-thew and Irma recently, and, sadly, there is still much work to be done, Mr. Speaker. Many Haitians came to the United States after these natural disasters seeking safety and security. Sadly, the administration terminated the Tem-porary Protected Status, TPS, to these individuals, forcing them to return to a devastated Haiti that is still struggling to rebuild. As we mark this sad anniversary, we must reaffirm our commitment to helping Haiti move forward, and that must start by calling upon the admin-istration to reverse its decision to ter-minate TPS for Haiti. f 
OFFSHORE OIL DRILLING IS A RISKY PROPOSITION (Ms. CASTOR of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, last week, the Trump administration proposed opening up all of the coast of the United States of America to off-shore oil drilling. This is a very risky proposition for my home State of Flor-ida. Our economy depends on tourism, clean water, a strong fishing economy, and we have a military mission line off of the West Coast of Florida that has to be protected from drilling. We are not that far removed from the BP Deepwater Horizon disaster that caused loss of life, billions of dollars in economic damage, and significant envi-ronmental damage as well. Why would we put our economy, our environment, our military missions at risk for such a risky proposition? There may be appropriate places to drill for oil, but it is not off of the coast of the State of Florida. My Republican colleague F
RANCIS  R
OONEY and I have cosponsored a bipar-tisan bill, the Florida Coastal Protec-tion Act, H.R. 2002. I urge the support of the Congress in turning back this very risky proposal for offshore oil drilling by the Trump administration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.016 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH30 January 9, 2018 
IF YOU DON’T WANT A TAX CUT, MAIL IT BACK TO THE IRS (Mr. BABIN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BABIN. Madam Speaker, some folks in Washington are upset because we just passed the largest tax cut in American history. They think this money is Washington’s money and that politicians and bureaucrats should de-cide how to spend it. I could not disagree more. You and I know that this money belongs to the American people, came right out of their wallets. Under our new law, we put hard-working families first by helping them cope with the cost of raising children by doubling the child tax credit. We also help small businesses by cutting their taxes so that they can compete with foreign companies and create jobs right here in America. Well, for those folks who don’t think they need an extra $1,500 or so, or who think politicians and bureaucrats can spend their money better, I have a so-lution: go ahead and drop your new re-fund check in the mail. Send it to the IRS. They will be glad to take your money. 
f 
CHILDREN’S HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the Children’s Health Insurance Program that so many of our vulnerable young people depend on for their healthcare cov-erage. Across the country, 8 million young people use CHIP, more than 300,000 people in Illinois alone. But their coverage and, consequently, their health and future are now in jeopardy because this House has failed to reau-thorize the program for the first time in 20 years. Yesterday marked 100 days since the authorization lapsed. Before the new year, Congress tempo-rarily extended limited funding, but the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services is already warning that some States won’t have funding to make it through the month of January. It is beyond shameful that this House can pass trillions of dollars in tax breaks for those with the most security but not see its way to provide health insurance for the children most in need. This is a vital program. This is a pop-ular program. This is a program that traditionally enjoys bipartisan sup-port. There is no reason to continue to extend the uncertainty. I urge my colleagues to act and reau-thorize the CHIP program as soon as possible to offer much-needed stability to families and their children depend-ing on this coverage. CELEBRATING LAW ENFORCEMENT APPRECIATION DAY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, I rise today, on Law Enforcement Appreciation Day, to commend law enforcement officers throughout our Nation who answer the call to serve their communities. Law enforcement officers face in-creasingly difficult circumstances while working to serve and protect the public. It is a dangerous job, and often it is a thankless job. Our officers put on their uniform each day knowing that they can be in harm’s way at any moment. They an-swer the call in times of distress. They follow the rules, and they wear the badges proudly. This day is designated annually, on January 9, to show support to our law enforcement leaders in every commu-nity, including the Capitol Police, who are with us here today. Madam Speaker, we must remember that our officers are mothers and fa-thers, sons and daughters, husbands and wives. They are human, and they, arguably, have one of the most difficult jobs in America. So today, and each day, let’s honor our brothers and sisters in blue. Let’s thank them for the important work that they do to keep us all safe. 
f 
LET’S KEEP THE GOVERNMENT OPEN (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Madam Speaker, the Republican majority spent the entire year of 2017 in this House essentially stacking the deck for the most power-ful interests in this country. That tax bill, you look at it closely, it grants massive benefits to people at the very top of the economy, at the cost of over $1 trillion in debt that our children and grandchildren will have to pay back. Now, with just 10 days to go before another potential government shut-down, and a shutdown which would cost our economy billions of dollars, we still have not gotten a budget. Despite the fact that Republicans control the House, they control the Senate, they control the White House, and they have consolidated power, they can’t keep the government open for more than a few weeks at a time. The way we have to do this is to work together across the aisle. We are willing, but we can’t be brought into the conversation 15 minutes before the government is going to be shut down; and we ought to deal with the big pri-orities that we were sent here to deal with, where we agree. We agree on CHIP, at least the ma-jority of the House does. Bring it to the floor for a vote. We agree on DACA. A majority would vote for a Dreams bill. Let’s just work on the things we can agree on and leave the partisan fights to those areas where we really disagree. This is long overdue. f 
CHILDREN’S HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM (Mr. YOUNG of Iowa asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Madam Speaker, I rise today again to call on my col-leagues to quickly pass a 5-year exten-sion of the Children’s Health Insurance Program. Around 85,000 Iowa children rely on CHIP for their health. If we don’t act, families and children will suffer. This is not a Republican issue or a Democrat issue, and we must pass a so-lution together. Families should not be worried about losing coverage for their children. And the fact that this Congress can-not muster the ability to pass a long- term extension of CHIP is confounding, to say the least. We must quickly set aside any polit-ical games, come to the table, and work together to pass a long-term CHIP funding bill. Madam Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to set aside any political games or partisan brinksmanship and come together and fully fund CHIP. The health of our children is at stake. 
f 
b1215 REMEMBERING SISTER CATHERINE PINKERTON (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor Sister Catherine Pin-kerton, who journeyed from us during this past Christmas season in Cleve-land. She had attained the age of 96. Sister Catherine was a Roman Catho-lic Sisters of St. Joseph order for 78 years. She rose to serve as president of her congregation, and she was also se-lected to lead the national Leadership Conference of Women Religious and was awarded its Outstanding Leader-ship Award in 2006. She worked as the founder of NET-WORK, the social justice lobby, urging Congress to care for the needy and the sick, and she became a tireless advo-cate in these Halls of Congress for jus-tice, especially for the poor and op-pressed. One of her greatest victories was pushing for the passage of the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program, which insures 9 million of America’s children. In 2008, Sister Catherine was invited to deliver the benediction at the Demo-cratic National Convention, and she urged Americans to ‘‘call forth and af-firm as leaders of this Nation, persons 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.018 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H31 January 9, 2018 
of vision, courage, and solid values, clearly focused not only on what is but, rather, open to the challenge of dis-cerning and welcoming what is yet to be.’’ Sister Catherine, your sacrificial life was extraordinary, and you were countercultural. You will be missed. May your passionate words and deeds guide us to care for our fellow human beings. The American people are grate-ful for your lifetime of service. I will later include in the R
ECORD a eulogy and tribute to Sister Catherine by Sister Christine Schenk, who spoke at her memorial service and whose first sentence about her reads: ‘‘Catherine’s life was all about bringing glad tidings to the poor and letting the oppressed go free. She was so powerfully pas-sionate and so dedicated to her mission of justice, who can doubt that the spir-it had indeed anointed her for this work?’’ 
f 
CONGRATULATING PANAMA CITY BEACH FIRE CHIEF JOHN DALY ON RETIREMENT (Mr. DUNN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DUNN. Madam Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Panama City Beach Fire Chief John Daly on his re-tirement. Chief Daly served the people of Pan-ama City Beach for 33 years and will-ingly took up the responsibility to run into the fire, putting his life on the line to save others countless times. When he began his career with Pan-ama City Beach Fire and Rescue in 1985, there were only seven career fire-fighters. Today that number has grown to 35 as our city has grown and thrived. John was promoted to chief in 2002 and has remained an outstanding leader ever since. He considers the firefighters under his watch to be family, and he knows that they will continue to do great things under the leadership of the new fire chief, Larry Couch. Madam Speaker, please join me in saying thank you to Chief Daly, his wife, Joan, and their daughters for their years of service and sacrifice, and wish them luck as they enjoy a new chapter in life. 
f 
NATIONAL LAW ENFORCEMENT APPRECIATION DAY AND HON-ORING THE LIFE OF DEPUTY DANIEL M
CCARTNEY (Mr. REICHERT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. REICHERT. Madam Speaker, be-fore I came to Congress, I spent 33 years as a cop. Today is National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day, a day to honor our dedicated law enforce-ment officers who selflessly put their lives on the line each and every day to protect our families. We not only honor those who protect and serve us today, but we also remember those who paid the ultimate sacrifice. Sadly, yesterday, in my community, we experienced the death, the murder, of another police officer. His name was Deputy Daniel McCartney of the Pierce County Sheriff’s Department, shot and killed while responding to a burglary call. This brave man was also a Navy veteran and leaves behind a wife and three sons—4 years old, 6 years old, and 9 years old—without a father. I ask you to join me today in praying for his family and for his colleagues in the Pierce County Sheriff’s Depart-ment. Every day, law enforcement officers are asked to stand tall in the face of danger. I know. To paraphrase a quote from Sheriff Pastor yesterday after the death of his fallen officer, he said: Deputy McCartney ran toward trouble, ran to protect. He is a man who served with the heart of a servant, with spirit, with strength and compassion. Please join me today in thanking our law enforcement officers across this Nation for their dedicated service. f 
MEDIA POSITIVE NEWS (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Madam Speak-er, the media’s daily barrage of nega-tive stories have undermined the public’s confidence in their reporting. The media continues to ignore positive stories about the President’s effective policies. If the media were not so biased against the President, more of the American people would know the fol-lowing: The 4.1 percent unemployment rate for the entire country is the lowest it has been in 17 years; Latino and African-American unem-ployment numbers are the lowest in decades; The stock market has broken numer-ous records, adding significant value to Americans’ investment and retirement accounts; The economy is growing at 3.3 per-cent, the fastest in years; Consumer confidence is at a 17-year high. The liberal media should report the facts, even if they make the President look good. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LITTLE ROCK POLICE DEPARTMENT (Mr. HILL asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HILL. Madam Speaker, I rise today on this National Law Enforce-ment Appreciation Day to recognize this year’s Little Rock Police Depart-ment recruit class and their efforts to fill dozens of sworn officer vacancies within the department. Little Rock’s police force has suf-fered a loss in numbers over the past few years, currently with 84 sworn offi-cer vacancies. According to depart-ment data, this fall’s recruit class is tied for the largest number of starting recruits since 1993. Earlier this year, City Manager Bruce Moore announced that officers would work mandatory overtime due to the vacancies. So I thank City Manager Moore, Chief Buckner, and Mayor Mark Stodola for their leadership and efforts to address these vacancies and return this department to full strength. I respect and appreciate the impor-tant work of our police throughout the Nation who are charged with the crit-ical work of protecting us in our States and communities. I wish this recruit class the very best of luck as they pursue their goal of joining the Little Rock Police Depart-ment and ensuring the safety of our citizens, our neighborhoods, and our property. f 
CLIMATE CHANGE IS REAL (Mr. BEYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BEYER. Madam Speaker, I rise to claim that climate change is real, that it is manmade, and that we have a responsibility to act bravely and con-structively to minimize the damage it does to humanity and to the fauna and flora of our planet. The reality of our warming atmos-phere, oceans, and continents has been established in thousands of peer-re-viewed articles. This is scientific fact accepted by the governments of peoples of almost every nation in the world. But science is always evolving, and scientists continue to work diligently to discover the facts, the processes, and the implications for all of us. Mostly, what we learn is sad and destructive. Last Thursday, the peer-reviewed academic journal Science published a new study that concludes the fre-quency of coral bleaching has increased so much that reefs cannot recover be-tween severe episodes. We need to focus on just the facts of climate change and then be wise enough and bold enough to act. Every Member of Congress must bear the bur-den of this responsibility. 
f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF FIRE-FIGHTER LIEUTENANT MATT L
ETOURNEAU (Mr. MEEHAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. MEEHAN. Madam Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I rise today to honor the memory of Philadelphia fire-fighter Lieutenant Matt LeTourneau, who is also a long-time member of the Springfield Fire Company in Delaware County, Pennsylvania. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.020 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH32 January 9, 2018 
Lieutenant LeTourneau tragically died Saturday evening, giving his life protecting his community while bat-tling a row house fire in subfreezing temperatures in the city of Philadel-phia. Matt graduated from Cardinal O’Hara High School in 1993 in Delaware Coun-ty, and he served 11 years as a member of the Philadelphia Fire Department. He joined the Springfield Fire Com-pany in 1991 at the age of 16, and he served and continued to serve as an in-structor at the Delaware County Emer-gency Services Training Center, where he was praised by his colleagues for his skill and the knowledge that he passed on to them about how to keep them-selves safe. He served his community with dedi-cation, commitment, and courage, his colleagues said. ‘‘We took a big loss in the fire service,’’ J.J. Bonsall, one of his closest friends said. ‘‘He was one of the greatest firefighters we know.’’ He was also a participant in some-thing called Redpaw Emergency Relief Team, making sure that animals that are harmed in fires have a safe place. Madam Speaker, I thank Lieutenant Matt LeTourneau for his service and sacrifice for the community that he loved. The condolences and gratitude of an entire region are with his mother, with his extended family, his friends, and the firefighters from Springfield and Philadelphia fire companies. 
f 
RECOGNIZING STOP THE BLEED TRAINING COURSES (Mr. BIGGS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BIGGS. Madam Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Stop the Bleed training courses offered by the Amer-ican College of Surgeons. Every year, more than 180,000 Ameri-cans die from injuries sustained in a myriad of ways. What many people may not know is that a large number of these fatalities result not from in-stantaneous trauma but, rather, from blood loss. From the moment a major injury occurs, the clock is ticking. Un-controlled bleeding can kill us in as lit-tle as 5 to 10 minutes. Bleeding is a preventable cause of death, and that is why the Stop the Bleed effort is such a valuable pro-gram. The American College of Sur-geons, working in partnership with many other organizations, has now made this training easily available to Americans across this country. I had the opportunity to participate in Stop the Bleed training myself, and as part of my course, I learned how to properly apply bandages and tour-niquets. And do you know, what? It ac-tually was kind of fun. We should do everything possible to ensure that more accidents don’t be-come tragedies. This effort must in-clude integrating blood loss prevention into our preparedness toolkit. Let’s all be ready to come to the aid of our fel-low citizens if the need ever arises. Madam Speaker, let’s stop the bleed. f 
HONORING THE LEGACY OF DR. RICHARD ALBERTA (Mr. BISHOP of Michigan asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor the leg-acy of a constituent of mine in my dis-trict, Dr. Richard Alberta, senior pas-tor at Cornerstone Evangelical Pres-byterian Church in Brighton, Michi-gan. On December 31, 2017, Dr. Alberta stepped down from the pulpit after 40 years of service. Originally from New York, Dr. Al-berta was raised in a nonreligious home. After marrying his high school sweetheart, Donna, he embarked on a successful career until, one day, some-thing changed. He attended a church service and realized the missing puzzle piece in his life was to do whatever he can to pursue and prayerfully consider the path felt by the love of his Lord and devotion to his ministry. Over the past four decades, Dr. Al-berta dedicated his time, wisdom, and leadership to the Lord and the church. His friendship and faithful guidance has made a lasting impression on the lives of so many. As he begins his next chapter, I wish him all the best, and I commend him on his unwavering commitment to his congregation and to our community as a whole. 
f 
b1230 ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN ). Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to sus-pend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
DOMESTIC EXPLOSIVES DETEC-TION CANINE CAPACITY BUILD-ING ACT OF 2017 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4577) to establish a working group to determine ways to develop a domestic canine breeding network to produce high quality explo-sives detection canines, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4577 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Domestic Explosives Detection Canine Capacity Build-ing Act of 2017’’. SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) B
EHAVIORAL STANDARDS .—The term ‘‘be-havioral standards’’ means standards for the evaluation of explosives detection working canines for certain factors, including canine temperament, work drive, suitability for training, environmental factors used in eval-uations, and canine familiarity with natural or man-made surfaces or working conditions relevant to the canine’s expected work area. (2) M
EDICAL STANDARDS .—The term ‘‘med-ical standards’’ means standards for the evaluation of explosives detection working canines for certain factors, including canine health, management of heredity health con-ditions, breeding practices, genetics, pedi-gree, and long-term health tracking. (3) T
ECHNICAL STANDARDS .—The term ‘‘technical standards’’ means standards for the evaluation of explosives detection work-ing canines for certain factors, including ca-nine search techniques, handler-canine com-munication, detection testing conditions and logistics, and learned explosive odor librar-ies. 
SEC. 3. DOMESTIC CAPACITY DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Administrator of the Transpor-tation Security Administration, shall estab-lish a working group to determine ways to develop a decentralized domestic canine breeding network to produce high quality ex-plosives detection canines and modernize ca-nine training standards. (b) W
ORKING GROUP COMPOSITION .—The working group established under subsection (a) shall be comprised of representatives from the following: (1) The Transportation Security Adminis-tration. (2) The Science and Technology Direc-torate of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. (3) National domestic canine associations with expertise in breeding and pedigree. (4) Universities with expertise related to explosives detection canines and canine breeding. (5) Domestic canine breeders and vendors. (c) C
HAIRPERSONS .—The Administrator for the Transportation Security Administration shall approve of two individuals from among the representatives of the working group specified in subsection (b) to serve as the Chairpersons of the working group. One such Chairperson shall be from the entities speci-fied in paragraphs (1) and (2) of such sub-section, and the other such Chairperson shall be from the entities specified in paragraphs (3), (4), and (5) of such subsection. (d) P
RELIMINARY STANDARDS AND REC-
OMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the establishment of the working group under subsection (a), such working group shall submit to the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration pre-liminary behavioral standards, medical standards, and technical standards for the domestic canine breeding network and ca-nine training described in such subsection, including recommendations on how the Transportation Security Administration can engage stakeholders to further the develop-ment of such network and training. (e) S
TRATEGY .—Not later than 180 days after submission of recommendations to the Administrator of the Transportation Secu-rity Administration under subsection (c), the Administrator shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a strategy for expanding the domes-tic canine breeding network described in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.022 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H33 January 9, 2018 
subsection (a), based on such recommenda-tions. (f) C
ONSULTATION .—In developing the strat-egy required under subsection (e), the Ad-ministrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall consult with the Under Secretary for Science and Technology of the Department of Homeland Security, the Com-missioner for U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection, the Director of the United States Secret Service, and the heads of other De-partment of Homeland Security components determined appropriate by the Adminis-trator to incorporate, to the extent prac-ticable, mission needs across the Department for an expanded domestic explosives detec-tion canine breeding network that can be le-veraged to help meet the Department’s oper-ational needs. (g) S
UNSET .—The working group estab-lished under subsection (a) shall terminate on the date that is two years after the sub-mission of the strategy required under sub-section (e). 
SEC. 4. ACQUIRING BASELINE CAPACITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 270 days after the submission of recommendations to the Administrator of the Transportation Se-curity Administration under section 3, the Administrator shall issue baseline behav-ioral standards, medical standards, and tech-nical standards for explosives detection ca-nines. (b) S
TANDARDS .—The baseline behavioral standards, medical standards, and technical standards referred to in subsection (a) shall be incorporated, as appropriate, into all statements of work for the Transportation Security Administration explosives detec-tion canine contracts and reflect the detec-tion capabilities required to effectively miti-gate terrorist threats. Such standards may be revised by the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration, as necessary. 
SEC. 5. NONAPPLICABILITY OF FEDERAL ADVI-SORY COMMITTEE ACT. 
The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the working group established under this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. R
OGERS ) and the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. V
ELA) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-port of passage of my bill, H.R. 4577, the Domestic Explosives Detection Ca-nine Capacity Building Act of 2017. This legislation creates a working group on behavioral, medical, and tech-nical standards for explosives detection working dog breeding and training pro-grams. This group will consist of the Trans-portation Security Administration, the Office of Science and Technology, pri-vate sector canine vendors and breed-ers, industry associations, leading vet-erinarians, and academics with first-hand knowledge of the subject matter. The group’s final report on standards should reflect the latest in canine science and will be presented to the TSA Administrator for further breed-ing development as well as canine pro-curement. This bill is common sense. Canines are far more efficient than any ma-chine and much more cost effective. The use of detection canines by the TSA is critical in keeping passengers over American skies safe. With this in mind, why then, Madam Speaker, does the TSA procure the ma-jority of its canines from European vendors in conjunction with the De-partment of Defense? American canine breeders produce exceptional working dog lines, but the TSA’s arcane procurement rules and training requirements create barriers to entry for American breeders and es-pecially private sector vendors. With the passage of H.R. 4577, the TSA will be required to incorporate findings and standards from the work-ing group into its procurement process to create greater consistency and transparency for private sector ven-dors. Madam Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to join me in supporting this commonsense bill and pass H.R. 4577, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VELA. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4577, the Do-mestic Explosives Detection Canine Capacity Building Act of 2017. In recent years, the volume of air travel has steadily risen, with 42 mil-lion people traveling domestically in the last days of 2017 alone. Last year, the worldwide number of people flying rose to a historic high of 4 billion pas-sengers. The high visibility of the aviation sector makes it a persistent target for terrorists who wish to carry out at-tacks and inflict harm upon U.S. citi-zens. As such, the TSA must continue to collaborate with stakeholders and better incorporate proven security tools into security operations. One of the tools that we know to be effective is canine detection teams, particularly in detecting and protecting against ex-plosive threats. In a May 2017 hearing before the Committee on Homeland Security last year, the Director of the Threat As-sessment Division within the Transpor-tation Security Administration at-tested to the value of aviation screen-ing canine teams, saying: ‘‘Canines are incredibly effective. They can do things we can’t even measure with ma-chines.’’ The legislation before us today, H.R. 4577, would require the TSA to estab-lish a working group of stakeholders to determine ways to develop a domestic canine breeding network to produce ex-plosives detection canines and mod-ernize canine training standards. Today, the demand for trained and certified dogs is huge, with more and more security stakeholders coming to appreciate the explosive detection ca-pabilities of our four-legged friends. This heightened demand has led to a shortage, presenting challenges for the U.S. Government in the procurement of suitable canines. In testimony before the committee, the TSA and various stakeholders have cited these challenges and expressed concern regarding how to best address this shortage. That is why this legisla-tion is so important. The working group mandated in this legislation draws from authorities on explosives detection canines and home-land security missions, including the Transportation Security Administra-tion, the Department of Homeland Se-curity’s Science and Technology Direc-torate, national domestic canine asso-ciations, academic experts, and domes-tic canine breeders and vendors. The knowledge and expertise offered by this diverse group of representatives will ensure that the DHS can imple-ment an effective and impactful strat-egy to further the development of ex-plosives detection canine teams. For these reasons, Madam Speaker, I urge my House colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ), who is the chairman of the Transpor-tation and Protective Security Sub-committee of the Committee on Home-land Security. Mr. KATKO. Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of my col-league’s bill, H.R. 4477, the Domestic Explosives Detection Canine Capacity Building Act of 2017. This bill will help develop a domestic program through which the DHS and the TSA can acquire high-quality ex-plosives detection canines from the United States. Currently, too much money is spent on too few canines be-cause we are forced to compete for dogs from other countries in this high-de-mand threat environment. Mr. R
OGERS ’ bill will help mitigate threats to aviation security by work-ing to build our capacity here at home while proliferating the use of highly capable explosives detection canines. In a time when threats to homeland se-curity are rapidly evolving, these dogs represent one of our greatest security tools in detecting explosives in surface and aviation transportation systems. Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. R
OGERS  for his leadership on this issue, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. VELA. Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I yield myself the balance of my time. H.R. 4577 will jump-start conversa-tions on how to increase the supply of canines and better integrate them in the TSA’s layered security at airports 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA7.004 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH34 January 9, 2018 
and surface transportation hubs. Ca-nines have become an invaluable asset to the DHS in fulfilling its many im-portant missions and goals. Even prior to the inception of the De-partment, canines were utilized by law enforcement and first responder agen-cies for decades, proving to be one of the most effective and versatile tools in detecting threats and protecting the homeland. Terrorists are working hard to ex-ploit vulnerabilities in our transpor-tation system, and the U.S. must uti-lize all of our available resources to combat these threats. Canines are un-doubtedly one such resource, providing a robust and reliable layer of security and giving Americans peace of mind. If enacted, H.R. 4577 would better po-sition the TSA to achieve and maintain a reliable supply of canines to deploy to not only airport terminals, but also to cargo operations and mass transit systems. As such, Madam Speaker, I encour-age my colleagues to support H.R. 4577, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Madam Speaker, this is an area that we have spent a lot of time on in the Com-mittee on Homeland Security over sev-eral years, and I can state without equivocation that there is no tech-nology that is more effective at detect-ing explosives in our transportation systems than these canines. It is a shame that we have allowed ourselves to become so heavily depend-ent on European providers for this very essential asset. This bill will go a long way in helping our country establish its own production of these essential assets for our use in keeping our coun-try safe and secure. Madam Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. R
OG-
ERS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4577, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DHS OVERSEAS PERSONNEL ENHANCEMENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. KATKO. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4567) to require a Department of Homeland Security overseas personnel enhancement plan, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4567 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘DHS Over-seas Personnel Enhancement Act of 2017’’. SEC. 2. OVERSEAS PERSONNEL BRIEFING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after submission of the comprehensive three- year strategy required under section 1910 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) and every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall brief the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate regarding Department of Homeland Security personnel with primary duties that take place outside of the United States. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The briefing required under subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: (1) A detailed summary of each type of per-sonnel position with primary duties that take place outside of the United States and how each such position contributes to the Department of Homeland Security’s counter-terrorism mission. (2) Information related to how the geo-graphic and regional placement of such posi-tions contributes to the Department’s counterterrorism mission. (3) Information related to the position-spe-cific training received by such personnel be-fore and during placement at a foreign loca-tion. (4) Challenges that may impede the com-munication of counterterrorism information between Department personnel at foreign lo-cations and Department entities in the United States, including technical, resource, and administrative challenges. (5) The status of efforts to implement the strategy referred to in subsection (a). (6) The status of efforts (beginning with the second briefing required under this sec-tion) to implement the enhancement plan under section 3. 
SEC. 3. OVERSEAS PERSONNEL ENHANCEMENT PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the briefing required under section 2, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate a plan to en-hance the effectiveness of Department of Homeland Security personnel at foreign lo-cations. (b) P
LANREQUIREMENTS .—The plan referred to in subsection (a) shall include proposals to— (1) improve efforts of Department of Home-land Security personnel at foreign locations, as necessary, for purposes of providing for-eign partner capacity development and fur-thering the Department’s counterterrorism mission; (2) as appropriate, redeploy Department personnel to respond to changing threats to the United States; (3) enhance collaboration among Depart-ment personnel at foreign locations, other Federal personnel at foreign locations, and foreign partners; (4) improve the communication of counter-terrorism information between Department personnel at foreign locations and Depart-ment entities in the United States, including to address technical, resource, and adminis-trative challenges; and (5) maintain practices to guard against counter-espionage threats associated with Department personnel. 
SEC. 4. TERMINATION. 
The briefing requirement under section 2 shall terminate on the date that is four years after the submission of the strategy re-ferred to in such section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) and the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. V
ELA) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KATKO. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I rise in strong sup-port of H.R. 4567, the DHS Overseas Personnel Enhancement Act of 2017. As chairman of the Homeland Secu-rity Committee’s Subcommittee on Transportation and Protective Secu-rity, I recently led a bipartisan con-gressional delegation to Europe and the Middle East to examine inter-national aviation security and counter-terrorism operations. The efforts of DHS personnel stationed overseas to build relationships with foreign part-ners, to coordinate with other Federal agencies, and to secure our homeland from threats before they arrive on our shores are truly a testament to the vital counterterror mission of Home-land Security. Additionally, the trip underscored the need to ensure the ef-fectiveness and efficiency of our over-seas programs in a manner that is risk- based. Unfortunately, however, I also ob-served that even today, more than 15 years after 9/11, the United States Gov-ernment still struggles to avoid stovepiping and effectively participate in information sharing and collabora-tion on homeland security matters. It is imperative that DHS personnel serve as a force multiplier with their Federal counterparts to act in genuine partner-ship when mitigating threats to the homeland both here and abroad. My legislation takes observations from our delegation and codifies re-quirements to make overseas DHS per-sonnel more effective and better equipped. This bill provides critical transparency to the training provided to overseas DHS employees, as well as how their positions and roles measur-ably contribute to the counterterror-ism mission of the Department of Homeland Security. Additionally, my bill will allow Con-gress to understand what organiza-tional culture or bureaucratic hin-drances exist to effective information sharing among DHS personnel and how we can break down barriers to better address evolving threats to the United States. The first role of government is to protect its citizens, and it is incumbent upon those of us in Congress to ensure that the United States Government is doing all it can to respond to changing threats, share information effectively, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.025 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H35 January 9, 2018 
and build counterterrorism capacity among our foreign partners. I appreciate the bipartisan support of Ranking Member W
ATSON COLEMAN , Congressman V
ELA, and Congress-woman M
ENGof this bill and I look for-ward to continuing our work together on these and other issues. I also wish to thank the chairman of the full com-mittee, Mr. M
CCAUL, for his unwaver-ing support of our efforts. Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. VELA. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4567, the DHS Overseas Personnel Enhancement Act of 2017. Madam Speaker, the DHS Overseas Personnel Enhancement Act of 2017 would require the Department of Homeland Security to submit to Con-gress an overseas personnel assessment and enhancement plan. Today, roughly 2,000 DHS personnel have been deployed to more than 70 countries around the world. These DHS employees are involved in a diverse range of overseas operations targeted at terrorism prevention, counter-narcotics, and preventing human smug-gling. I am particularly interested in the ef-forts of the National Targeting Center, which is housed within U.S. Customs and Border Protection, to embed intel-ligence analysts in overseas informa-tion sharing operations with inter-national partners to prevent terrorist and other criminal networks from car-rying out attacks and criminal oper-ations with impunity. In fact, in a short while, the House will be debating H.R. 4578, the Counter Terrorist Network Act, which, among other things, authorizes overseas de-ployments from the CBP. About half of overseas DHS personnel are from the CBP and are involved, among other things, in screening U.S.- bound passengers at airports, inspect-ing cargo being loaded on ships bound for the U.S., and training other na-tions’ customs and border force. Additionally, the DHS also assigns Immigration and Customs Enforcement special agents, Secret Service special agents, and Transportation Security Administration officials to overseas posts to engage with international partners on counterterrorism, counter-narcotics, information sharing, and criminal investigations, as well as se-curity screening and vetting programs. Just last month, CBP personnel were credited with helping Ecuadoran au-thorities interdict and arrest seven people and 800 pounds of cocaine. Spe-cifically, a CBP team participating in an aerial surveillance mission in drug transit zones near South America tracked a low-flying aircraft that in-telligence reports indicated had not filed a flight plan and, with a long-lens camera, snapped images of the plane’s tail number and other identifying de-tails and radioed Ecuador who were waiting when the plane landed to ar-rest the smugglers. b1245 According to CBP, its P–3 plane pro-gram patrols more than 42 million square miles in the Gulf of Mexico, the Caribbean Sea, and the Pacific Ocean and last year contributed to 145 drug seizures, helping American and foreign authorities capture a combined 34,108 pounds of marijuana and 193,197 pounds of cocaine, according to Customs and Border Protection records. More broadly, DHS personnel sta-tioned overseas make important con-tributions to the Department’s efforts in securing the homeland and keeping the American people safe. As such, it is imperative that these individuals are utilized efficiently and effectively. This bill seeks to ensure just that. In 2016, Congress enacted legislation that the Committee on Homeland Se-curity, on a bipartisan basis, approved to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to issue a strategy for the De-partment’s international programs. Among other things, the law required DHS to provide the committee with an inventory of personnel and resources deployed abroad and a 3-year, risk- based strategy to ensure strategic overseas employment of personnel. The statutory deadline for this strat-egy was June 2017, 7 months ago. This critical strategy has not been sub-mitted to Congress, as mandated. H.R. 4567 incorporates an amendment from Ranking Member T
HOMPSON that expands the bill’s briefing requirement to include information on efforts to implement the strategy. Enactment of this bipartisan legislation should help enhance the effectiveness of DHS per-sonnel at foreign locations. Madam Speaker, I urge my House colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Madam Speaker, I have no more speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VELA. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ). Mr. PAYNE. Madam Speaker, I rep-resent Newark, New Jersey, home of Port Newark and Newark Liberty International Airport. Port Newark is the busiest container port on the East Coast, handling over 700,000 cargo containers annually. In 2015, over 37 million passengers trav-eled through Newark Liberty Inter-national Airport, including many trav-eling into the United States from abroad. As a Member of Congress rep-resenting the largest port on the East-ern seaboard and one of the busiest international airports in the country, it is important to me that the Federal Government do everything in its power to push out our borders—to prevent dangerous cargo and dangerous people from coming into our country. The DHS Overseas Personnel En-hancement Act of 2017 would do just that by directing the Department to develop and execute an overseas per-sonnel assessment and enhancement plan. As we speak, nearly 2,000 DHS em-ployees are stationed around the globe, engaging in terrorism prevention, counternarcotics, and antihuman smuggling activities in more than 70 countries. About half of DHS personnel de-ployed overseas are from Customs and Border Protection, who are responsible for screening U.S.-bound passengers at airports, inspecting cargo being loaded onto ships bound for the U.S., and training other nations’ customs and border forces. The Department also sends Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement special agents, Secret Service special agents, and Transportation Security Adminis-tration officials abroad to help prevent international criminal and terrorist ac-tivity from spreading into the United States. These activities have a direct impact on the security of my district. Over the course of the past year, multiple people have been caught attempting to smug-gle drugs into the country through Newark Liberty International Airport, including a man who tried to bring over 1 kilogram of heroin into the country by disguising it as a six-layer cake. While I applaud CBP for appre-hending bad actors as they attempt to enter the United States, I would prefer to keep bad people and bad cargo out-side of our borders, particularly in light of the drug epidemic affecting many of our communities. Accordingly, I am committed to en-suring that the Department has opti-mized the deployment of its inter-national personnel. Madam Speaker, therefore, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4567. Mr. KATKO. Madam Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. VELA. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, in closing, H.R. 4567 seeks to enhance DHS’ efforts to push out our borders. The men and women of DHS face an immense challenge in responding to the ever-changing terrorist threat landscape. It is imperative that DHS personnel stationed overseas serve as an effective force in this mission, and enactment of this legislation would be a positive step towards this goal. In fiscal year 2016, CBP officers in-spected over 390 million travelers at 328 ports of entry, of which over 119 mil-lion flew into air ports of entry. De-ployed overseas CBP officers, through programs such as Preclearance and the Immigration Advisory Program, utilize a risk-based, intelligence-driven strat-egy to extend our border security ef-forts outward to detect, assess, and mitigate, at the earliest possible point in the travel continuum, any risk im-posed by travelers before they reach the United States. Today, ICE agents are assigned to 66 offices in 49 countries and work with their overseas law enforcement coun-terparts to detect, disrupt, and dis-mantle transnational criminal groups 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.027 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH36 January 9, 2018 
and individuals who seek to harm our country and people. ICE special agents investigate transnational crime by conducting a wide range of criminal investigations, in coordination with our foreign and domestic partner agencies, targeting the illegal movement of people, mer-chandise, and monetary instruments into, within, and out of the United States. Maintaining an overseas footprint is costly. In fact, the annual cost of de-ploying an ICE agent overseas can be four times the cost of deploying the agent domestically. As such, it is crit-ical that DHS have a strategy for its overseas programs and execute it. Congress has an important oversight role to play to ensure that DHS carries out these programs in a risk-based, strategic manner. Madam Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support H.R. 4567, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, the starkness of the challenges facing the men and women of DHS to accomplish our mission was made clear to me and my committee colleagues on a recent trip to the Mid-dle East and Western Europe. I hope they know just how much we appre-ciate all of their tireless efforts to pro-tect the homeland. Madam Speaker, I digress just for a moment before I close and note that, for the last 3 years on my committee, one of my colleagues, the main com-mittee staff person, Krista Harvey, has worked on all these bills and worked on all these trips I have taken and has played a key role in the things we do to keep our country safe. In fact, I was just checking. Twenty-one bills that she helped author passed the House, and many were signed into law. Ms. Harvey, regrettably, is leaving our service, but she is going to con-tinue serving the government in work-ing at the Department of Homeland Se-curity in a senior capacity at the Transportation Security Administra-tion. I thank her for her work and doing all she does as a public servant helping us keep our country safe. Madam Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to support this important leg-islation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4567, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. KATKO. Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. SECURITY ASSESSMENT FEASI-BILITY FOR EQUIPMENT TEST-ING AND EVALUATION OF CAPA-BILITIES FOR OUR HOMELAND ACT Mr. KATKO. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4561) to provide for third party testing of transportation security screening technology, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4561 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Security As-sessment Feasibility for Equipment Testing and Evaluation of Capabilities for our Home-land Act’’ or the ‘‘SAFE TECH Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DMINISTRATION .—The term ‘‘Adminis-tration’’ means the Transportation Security Administration. (2) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration. 
SEC. 3. THIRD PARTY TESTING OF SECURITY SCREENING TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator, in consultation with the Under Secretary for Science and Technology of the Department of Homeland Security, shall develop a program to enable a vendor of transportation security screening tech-nology to obtain testing, including as an al-ternative to the Administration’s testing process under paragraph (9) of section 114(f) of title 49, United States Code, by an appro-priate third party, as determined by the Ad-ministrator, in consultation with the Under Secretary, of such technology before pro-curement or development of such tech-nology. (b) D
ETECTION TESTING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The third party testing program authorized under subsection (a) shall include detection testing to evaluate the performance of a security screening tech-nology relating to the probability of detec-tion, the probability of false alarm, and other indicators that such technology is able to meet the Administration’s mission needs for detection of— (A) explosives; and (B) prohibited items. (2) C
OORDINATION WITH FINAL PROCESSES .— To the extent practicable, and without com-promising the integrity of the Administra-tion’s testing process under paragraph (9) of section 114(f) of title 49, United States Code, or the Department of Homeland Security’s oversight of such testing process, or increas-ing costs to the Administration, the Admin-istrator shall coordinate the third party de-tection testing under paragraph (1) with any associated subsequent final Department of Homeland Security testing. (3) I
NTERNATIONAL PARTNERSHIPS .—To the extent practicable and permissible under law, and in accordance with national secu-rity interests of the United States, the Ad-ministrator shall— (A) share with appropriate international partners detection testing information and standards; and (B) coordinate with such appropriate inter-national partners to align such testing infor-mation and standards to maximize the capa-bility to detect explosives and other threats. (c) A
LTERNATIVE TESTING FACTORS .—Third party testing under subsection (a) may in-clude as an alternative, at the discretion of the Administrator, the testing at the TSA Systems Integration Facility of the Admin-istration, including testing for— (1) health and safety factors; (2) operator interface; (3) human factors; (4) environmental factors; (5) throughput; (6) reliability, maintainability, and avail-ability factors; and (7) interoperability. (d) TESTING FRAMEWORK .—The Adminis-trator, in consultation with the Under Sec-retary for Science and Technology of the De-partment of Homeland Security, shall— (1) establish a framework for the third party testing under this section to determine if the security screening technology that is the subject of such testing satisfies the Ad-ministration’s requirements before such technology may enter or re-enter, as applica-ble, operational testing at an airport or other transportation facility; and (2) use phased implementation to allow the Administration and the third party con-cerned to establish best practices. (e) P
RIORITIZATION OF THIRD PARTY TEST-
ING.—The Administrator may prioritize, when appropriate, the field testing of secu-rity screening technology and equipment by third parties. (f) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .— (1) U
NITED STATES OWNERSHIP .—An entity providing third party testing under the pro-gram developed pursuant to subsection (a) shall be owned and controlled by a citizen of the United States. (2) W
AIVER .—The Administrator may waive the requirement specified in paragraph (1) with respect to an entity that is a United States subsidiary of a parent company that has implemented a foreign ownership, con-trol, or influence mitigation plan that has been approved by the Defense Security Serv-ice of the Department of Defense prior to seeking to engage in third party testing. The Administrator has complete discretion to re-ject any proposal from a company to provide testing under subsection (a) that requires a waiver under this paragraph. (3) C
ONFLICTS OF INTEREST .—The Adminis-trator shall ensure, to the extent possible, that an entity providing third party testing under this section does not have a contrac-tual, business, or other pecuniary interest (exclusive of any such testing) in— (A) the security screening technology sub-ject to such testing; or the (B) vendor of such technology. 
SEC. 4. RECIPROCAL RECOGNITION OF SECURITY STANDARDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator, in co-ordination with the European Civil Aviation Conference, shall continue development of a validation process for the reciprocal recogni-tion of security validation processes for rec-ognition of security screening technologies or certification authorities for deployment. (b) R
EQUIREMENT .—The validation process under subsection (a) shall ensure that the certification process of each participating international security partner or recognized certification authority complies with Ad-ministration standards. 
SEC. 5. GAO REVIEW. 
Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a study on the third party test-ing program developed under this Act. Such study shall include a review of the following: (1) Any efficiencies or gains in effective-ness achieved in the Administration’s oper-ations as a result of such program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.028 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H37 January 9, 2018 
(2) The degree to which the Administration conducts timely and regular oversight of en-tities engaged in such testing. (3) The effect of such program on the fol-lowing: (A) The introduction of innovative detec-tion technologies into security screening op-erations. (B) The availability of testing for tech-nologies developed by small to medium sized businesses. (C) Any vulnerabilities associated with such program including with respect to the following: (i) National security. (ii) Conflicts of interest between entities carrying out such testing and entities with such technologies to be tested. (iii) Waste, fraud and abuse. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) and the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. V
ELA) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KATKO. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include any extraneous ma-terial on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 4561, the SAFE TECH Act, sponsored by my good friend and colleague and a knowledge-able alumnus of the Homeland Security Committee, Congressman B
ILIRAKIS , who recently participated in my sub-committee’s overseas congressional delegation to examine airport security and the passenger screening technology in place at last point of departure air-ports with direct flights to the United States. As part of our delegation, we visited Schiphol Airport in Amsterdam, where we saw the effective deployment of new and advanced computed tomography screening technology, as well as a num-ber of other screening technologies aimed at making the passenger and employee screening checkpoints both more effective and more efficient. Upon returning to the United States, the committee conducted rigorous oversight and found that the existing testing and evaluation processes in place at the Department of Homeland Security and the Transportation Secu-rity Administration are riddled with bureaucratic bottlenecks that serve to delay new technologies for years. I will note that the technology in place at the airport in Schiphol was made in the United States, yet we are not taking advantage of that tech-nology because of these bottlenecks. Additionally, due to logjams at Homeland Security and TSA facilities, small businesses, as well as technology startups, are often prevented from par-ticipating in the acquisitions and pro-curement processes. As a result, our aviation system is left with antiquated security technology that is incapable of adequately responding to new and ever-evolving threats. Madam Speaker, this is simply unac-ceptable, and we must act to reform the Homeland Security and TSA acqui-sition processes. H.R. 4561 takes signifi-cant steps toward making these re-forms by allowing new technologies to receive third-party testing and evalua-tion, while maintaining existing lines of authority for the TSA administrator to ensure such testing remains held to the highest standards of security and integrity. This bill will not only drive innova-tion but will also save taxpayer dollars at Homeland Security and TSA, while reducing costs to companies developing new screening technologies. That is why we have received broad support, not only in a bipartisan manner here in Congress, but also from the private sec-tor. Madam Speaker, I commend the dedi-cation of Congressman BILIRAKIS to re-forming the broken acquisitions proc-ess currently in place and for working with me and the committee on devel-oping this bill. I also wish to thank Chairman M
CCAUL for supporting this legislation and moving it quickly through the committee to address the serious concerns we found through our oversight efforts. I also thank my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, who routinely support bills of ours, and we routinely support bills of theirs, because we both understand that homeland security is a very bipartisan issue. Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. VELA. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-port of H.R. 4561, the Security Assess-ment Feasibility for Equipment Test-ing and Evaluation of Capabilities for Our Homeland Act, and I encourage my colleagues to support its passage, which would require the Department of Homeland Security to develop a new, third-party testing program for Trans-portation Security Administration screening technology. We have heard, time and time again, from vendors that it takes far too long to get their technologies through TSA testing processes. TSA’s testing and evaluation must be improved not sim-ply to improve management efficiency, but to address the constantly evolving threat landscape. In November, TSA Administrator David Pekoske testified before the Committee on Homeland Security about the need to accelerate deploy-ment of innovative security enhance-ments, as terrorist groups are becom-ing more sophisticated. These bad ac-tors are learning about our aviation se-curity countermeasures and have even gone so far as to post instructions to build devices to evade screening tech-nologies on the internet. b1300 As terrorist and criminal organiza-tions become more sophisticated, we must remain one step ahead. H.R. 4561 seeks to do just that and move TSA forward in overcoming technology stovepipes that have hindered state-of- the-art security technology from being integrated into our Nation’s transpor-tation systems in a timely manner. H.R. 4561 is predicated on the view that, by establishing alternative ave-nues to test transportation screening technologies, TSA will be positioned to introduce innovative security enhance-ments into checkpoints sooner, and businesses, regardless of their size, will be better positioned to compete. The committee has repeatedly heard from small security manufacturers about how financially draining it is to wait out TSA testing in the hopes of a contract. H.R. 4561, if implemented ef-fectively, has the potential to get inno-vative technology produced by small businesses in airport security check-points and enhance the effectiveness of TSA’s screening operations. During consideration of this measure in committee, the majority accepted amendments offered by committee Democrats to the bill to ensure that the third-party testing receives scru-tiny from the Government Account-ability Office and to build integrity into this new program. Given the changes that were made to the legislation in committee and the potential positive impact this legisla-tion could have on ensuring innovative technologies are integrated into TSA’s security operations, I urge my col-leagues to support H.R. 4561. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ). Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman, my good friend J
OHN KATKO , and also the ranking member, my good friend F
ILOVELA, and also the chairman, the full chair-man of the committee, Mr. M
CCAUL, for their great work. I really appre-ciate it. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 4561, Security Assess-ment Feasibility for Equipment Test-ing and Evaluation of Capabilities for Our Homeland, or the SAFE TECH Act. My legislation seeks to strengthen the safety of international air travel. Specifically, this bill provides an av-enue for third-party testing of innova-tive technology screening capabilities to enhance airport security. The test-ing program authorized under this act shall include evaluating the perform-ance of detecting explosives and other prohibited items. Additionally, the SAFE TECH Act will look into alter-native testing for other factors, includ-ing, health and safety concerns, oper-ator interference, human error, envi-ronmental dynamics, reliability, and interoperability. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA7.006 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH38 January 9, 2018 
The bill also assesses the feasibility of linking compatible security tech-nology utilized by the United States and international allies in order to augment screening checkpoints. The coordinated collaboration is an essen-tial element of strengthening global se-curity. Currently, technical standards for safety and operating procedures at the international airports are set by inter-national agreements. However, the standards in place are generally broad, leaving potential vulnerabilities through inconsistencies with inter-national partners. On a recent congressional delegation trip that I appreciated the chairman including me on to review screening procedures for inbound travel to the United States at major EU hubs, I was startled by the lack of consistency in international standards and gaps in technology that support precautionary measures to ensure passenger safety. Today’s bill—and I appreciate the work of the committee, and I thank you for making it an even stronger bill—will address this concern and im-prove the safety of our air travel for all passengers. I have always contended that, if we are not safe, nothing else matters. The protection and security of our homeland and its citizens is our re-sponsibility, Mr. Speaker, which is why I introduced the SAFE TECH Act. We must ensure those entrusted with the care of our citizens have the best re-sources and technology available to combat the growing threat of ter-rorism. Passage of this bill today makes air travel safer for everyone entering the United States and for our citizens, and it represents a step forward in ensuring the cooperation needed to improve global security. I urge my colleagues to support this good bill and its passage in the House. Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I would first like to point out that this series of bills that we have presented today has been worked on in a strong bipartisan fash-ion. I would like to thank Chairman K
ATKO and Ranking Member W ATSON  C
OLEMAN for their strong leadership on this subcommittee, Mr. B
ILIRAKIS for his hard work, and, of course, Chair-man M
CCAUL and Ranking Member T
HOMPSON for their leadership on the Homeland Security committee. On behalf of both Members and staff on this side of the aisle, we also wish Krista Harvey the best of luck in her future endeavors. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4561 is common-sense legislation. This bill promotes the incorporation of innovative tech-nology in airport screening capabili-ties. It does so by requiring DHS to stand up a third-party testing program to accelerate the evaluation of prom-ising transportation security tech-nologies, including 3D-imaging com-puter tomography, or CT technology. CT scan technology holds great promise in enhancing the effectiveness of TSA screening operations insofar as transportation security officers would have the benefit of seeing a full 3D multicolor image of whatever the screener is inspecting and getting bet-ter detail about any suspect items. Presently, TSA is testing a number of systems in the lab and in the field and has said that it expects to be able to begin deployment of this new tool to airports by early 2019. Given the known ongoing terrorist threat posed by electronic devices, CT technology should be introduced into the airport environment in an expe-dited fashion. If done right, the estab-lishment of a third-party testing pro-gram within TSA has the potential of getting innovative technologies into our transportation security systems quicker and improving the overall ef-fectiveness of security screening. As such, I encourage my colleagues to sup-port H.R. 4561. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the time is long overdue to apply strong oversight and reform to the manner in which TSA develops and deploys new screening technologies across our aviation system. With persistent threats facing the aviation sector, H.R. 4561 makes much- needed improvements to the innova-tion and procurement process at TSA. I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WEBER of Texas). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4561, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SECURING AMERICAN NON-PROFIT ORGANIZATIONS AGAINST TER-RORISM ACT OF 2017 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1486) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to provide funding to secure non-profit facilities from ter-rorist attacks, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1486 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Securing American Non-Profit Organizations Against Terrorism Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. NON-PROFIT SECURITY GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title XX of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘SEC. 2009. NON-PROFIT SECURITY GRANT PRO-GRAM. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Department a program to be known as the ‘Non-Profit Security Grant Program’ (in this section referred to as the ‘Program’). Under the Program, the Secretary, acting through the Administrator, shall make grants to eligible nonprofit organizations de-scribed in subsection (b), through the State in which such organizations are located, for target hardening and other security en-hancements to protect against terrorist at-tacks. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENTS .—Eligible non-profit organizations described in this sub-section (a) are organizations that are— ‘‘(1) described in section 501(c)(3) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code; and ‘‘(2) determined to be at risk of a terrorist attack by the Administrator. ‘‘(c) P
ERMITTED USES.—The recipient of a grant under this section may use such grant for any of the following uses: ‘‘(1) Target hardening activities, including physical security enhancement equipment and inspection and screening systems. ‘‘(2) Fees for security training relating to physical security and cybersecurity, target hardening, terrorism awareness, and em-ployee awareness. ‘‘(3) Any other appropriate activity, in-cluding cybersecurity resilience activities, as determined by the Administrator. ‘‘(d) P
ERIOD OF PERFORMANCE .—The Admin-istrator shall make funds provided under this section available for use by a recipient of a grant for a period of not less than 36 months. ‘‘(e) R
EPORT .—The Administrator shall an-nually for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report containing information on the expenditure by each grant recipient of grant funds made under this section. ‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated $50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 to carry out this sec-tion. ‘‘(2) S
PECIFICATION .—Of the amounts au-thorized to be appropriated pursuant to para-graph (1)— ‘‘(A) $35,000,000 is authorized for eligible re-cipients located in jurisdictions that receive funding under section 2003; and ‘‘(B) $15,000,000 is authorized for eligible re-cipients in jurisdictions not receiving fund-ing under section 2003.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (a) of section 2002 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 603) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘sections 2003 and 2004’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 2003, 2004, and 2009’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2008 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 2009. Non-profit security grant pro-gram.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) and the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.032 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H39 January 9, 2018 
have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include any ex-traneous material on the bill that is under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1486, the Securing American Non-Profit Organizations Against Terrorism Act of 2017. This bill authorizes the Non-profit Security Grant Program within the Department of Homeland Security. Administered by the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency, this pro-gram provides critical support to help protect at-risk nonprofit institutions, including Jewish community centers, houses of worship, and other cultural and community institutions, against threats and attacks. Security enhancements covered by the program include the installation of cameras, physical barriers or con-trolled entry systems, along with training for active-shooter scenarios. Nonprofit organizations in my dis-trict have told me about the positive impact this program has had on their security. In fact, the Jewish Commu-nity Center of Staten Island recently received a $75,000 grant through this program for their facility located on Arthur Kill Road in order to ade-quately respond to an increase in threats. I have also led letters to appropri-ators advocating for $50 million for the Nonprofit Security Grant Program and was so glad to see that the funding level was included in the Make Amer-ica Secure and Prosperous Appropria-tions Act, which passed the House last September. The bill we are considering today fur-ther demonstrates our commitment to the program by authorizing it for the first time. I was pleased to work with the ranking member on this language as part of the DHS Authorization Act that we approved this summer, and I am pleased to once again support it today. Nonprofit organizations provide vital services to our communities every day. The program authorized by the bill we are considering here today will help provide peace of mind that they will be secure as they continue to serve their neighbors. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in support of this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1486, the Securing American Non-Profit Organizations Against Terrorism Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1486 would author-ize the Department of Homeland Secu-rity’s Nonprofit Security Grant Pro-gram, which awards grants to non-profit organizations at risk of a ter-rorist attack, in statute. Since early last year, nonprofit orga-nizations throughout the United States have experienced an uptick in threats, vandalism, and violent acts. According to the Anti-Defamation League, anti- Semitic incidents jumped 67 percent from 2016 to the first three quarters of 2017. Many nonprofit organizations, however, do not have the resources to make their facilities more secure by installing proper surveillance, hard-ening their facilities, and undergoing general preparedness activities. The need for nonprofit organizations across the country to have access to the Homeland Security grants to bol-ster security is substantial. Given the security challenges associated with the current terrorist threat environment, it is important that this critical Home-land Security grant program be codi-fied in law. This bill goes further than just codi-fying the existing program. It expands it to include jurisdictions that are lo-cated outside funded UASIs but are still at risk of terrorism. H.R. 1486 authorizes the Nonprofit Security Grant Program at $50 million, a $25 million increase over its current funding level. Language similar to this measure was included in the Depart-ment of Homeland Security Authoriza-tion Act of 2017, which passed the House earlier this Congress. I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers. I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, with the emergence of lone wolves and small terrorist cells, we have seen that acts of terror are not just limited to urban areas. As threats to our homeland continue to evolve and as violent extremists continue to exploit soft targets, the risk to non-profit organizations grows. We need to make sure that we do our part to en-sure that places of worship and other nonprofit organizations throughout the country have access to resources nec-essary to keep themselves safe and se-cure. b1315 H.R. 1486 was endorsed by The Jewish Federations of North America. I appre-ciate its support. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  the letter of support. 
THEJEWISH FEDERATIONS  
OFNORTH AMERICA , Washington, DC, December 7, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Hon. B
ENNIE G. T HOMPSON , Ranking Member, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Rep-resentatives, Washington, DC. Hon. D
ANIEL M. D ONOVAN , Chairman, Hon. D
ONALD M. P AYNE , Jr., Ranking Member, Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Re-sponse, and Communications, House of Rep-resentatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMEN MCCAUL AND DONOVAN AND  R
ANKING MEMBERS THOMPSON AND PAYNE : We commend you for scheduling the mark-up of H.R. 1486, the Securing American Non-Profit Organizations Against Terrorism Act of 2017. The Jewish Federations strongly endorse this bill, and respectfully urge Members of the Committee to adopt Ranking Member Thompson’s amendment of the bill in the na-ture of a substitute, in order to align it with Sec. 2011 of House-passed H.R. 2825, the De-partment of Homeland Security Authoriza-tion Act of 2017. The vulnerability of places of worship to violent homegrown extremists (HVEs) is a growing threat in the United States. Accord-ing to a joint assessment by the National Counterterrorism Center, Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and the Federal Bureau of Investigation, HVEs are increas-ingly favoring softer civilian targets, such as houses of worship, having judged them to have lower levels of security (and, for some, as a result of encouragement from overseas violent extremists, such as ISIL). Last month, the FBI released its annual hate crimes report for 2016, which found that Muslim bias crimes increased , and, for the 20th consecutive year, anti-Jewish hate crimes amounted to the majority of all reli-gious bias crimes reported. This year, syna-gogues, churches, mosques, religious centers, cemeteries, and other nonprofits have been subjected to arson/fire-bombing, shooting/ mass shooting, attempted bombing, death threats, robbery, vandalism/destruction of property, hate-based/anti-Semitic graffiti, assault, intimidation, and the targets of in-citement to violence. According to DHS, religious facilities share a number of common vulnerabilities that make them ready targets of attack, in-cluding unrestricted access to facilities and contiguous and peripheral areas, easy identi-fication, predictable schedules, and large congregations of people. To minimize these vulnerabilities, DHS recommends protective measures that include, access controls, bar-riers, monitoring, surveillance, and other physical target hardening and preparedness investments, such as planning and training. Unfortunately, DHS acknowledges that com-mon vulnerabilities also include the limited resources nonprofit institutions have for se-curity. Passage of the amendment in the nature of a substitute to H.R. 1486 would address the vulnerabilities of at-risk nonprofit institu-tions, by authorizing a nonprofit security grant program for the acquisition and instal-lation of physical target hardening, includ-ing fencing, bollards, and other barriers; lighting, surveillance, and metal detection equipment; blast proofing doors and win-dows; cyber-security; and related employee training and awareness exercises. For these reasons, JFNA strongly endorses H.R. 1486, and respectfully urges Members of the Committee to adopt the bill as amended. Sincerely, ROBERT B. G OLDBERG , Senior Director, Legislative Affairs, The Jewish Federations of North America. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 1486, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I, once again, urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1486, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the cost estimate from the Congres-sional Budget Office regarding H.R. 1486. The cost estimate was not available at the time of the filing of the Committee report. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\RECORD18\JANUARY\H09JA8.REC H09JA8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH40 January 9, 2018 
U.S. C ONGRESS , C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , Washington, DC, January 8, 2018. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The Congressional Budget Office has prepared the enclosed cost estimate for H.R. 1486, the Securing Amer-ican Non-Profit Organizations Against Ter-rorism Act of 2017. If you wish further details on this esti-mate, we will be pleased to provide them. The CBO staff contact is Robert Reese. Sincerely, K
EITH HALL. Enclosure. H.R. 1486—SECURING AMERICAN NON-PROFIT  O
RGANIZATIONS AGAINST TERRORISM ACT OF  2017 As ordered reported by the House Committee on Homeland Security on December 13, 2017 
SUMMARY  H.R. 1486 would authorize the appropria-tion of $50 million annually for fiscal years 2018 through 2022 for the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) to provide grants to certain nonprofit organizations to enhance security measures aimed at guard-ing against terrorist attacks. Assuming appropriation of the authorized amounts, CBO estimates implementing H.R. 1486 would cost $112 million over the 2018–2022 period. Enacting the bill would not affect di-rect spending or revenues; therefore, pay-as- you-go procedures do not apply. CBO estimates that enacting H.R. 1486 would not increase net direct spending or on- budget deficits in any of the four consecutive 10-year periods beginning in 2028. H.R. 1486 contains no intergovernmental or private-sector mandates as defined in the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act (UMRA). 
ESTIMATED COST TO THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT  The estimated budgetary effect of H.R. 1486 is shown in the following table. The costs of this legislation fall within budget function 450 (community and regional development). 
By fiscal year, in millions of dollars— 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2018– 2022 
INCREASES IN SPENDING SUBJECT TO APPROPRIATION Authorization Level ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........... 50 50 50 50 50 250 Estimated Outlays .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... 4 11 21 33 43 112 
BASIS OF ESTIMATE  CBO assumes the bill will be enacted near the beginning of calendar year 2018 and that the authorized amounts will be appropriated each year. H.R. 1486 would authorize the ap-propriation of $50 million in each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 for FEMA to provide grants to nonprofit organizations for im-provements to physical security and cyberse-curity. (In 2017, FEMA allocated $25 million for such grants.) Based on historical spend-ing patterns for such grants, CBO estimates implementing the bill would cost $112 mil-lion over the five year period and $138 mil-lion after 2022. 
PAY-AS-YOU-GO CONSIDERATIONS  None. 
INCREASE IN LONG -TERM DIRECT SPENDING AND  
DEFICITS  CBO estimates that enacting H.R. 1486 would not increase net direct spending or on- budget deficits in any of the four consecutive 10-year periods beginning in 2028. 
MANDATES  H.R. 1486 contains no intergovernmental or private-sector mandates as defined in UMRA. 
ESTIMATE PREPARED BY  Federal Costs: Robert Reese; Mandates: Andrew Laughlin. 
ESTIMATE APPROVED BY  H. Samuel Papenfuss, Deputy Assistant Di-rector for Budget Analysis. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1486, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
COUNTER TERRORIST NETWORK ACT Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4578) to authorize certain counter terrorist networks activities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4578 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Counter Ter-rorist Network Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DUTY TO COUNTER TERRORIST NET-WORKS; DETAILS AND ASSIGNMENT. 
Section 411 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211) is amended— (1) in subsection (g)(4)— (A) in subparagraph (C)— (i) in clause (vi), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) by redesignating clause (vii) as clause (viii); and (iii) by inserting after clause (vi) the fol-lowing new clause: ‘‘(vii) collaborate with appropriate agen-cies, including Federal, State, local, tribal, and international entities, to enhance border security through operations such as oper-ations that seek to disrupt and dismantle networks, including foreign terrorist organi-zations (as such term is described in section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189)), that pose terrorist or other threats; and’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (p) through (r) as subsections (q) through (s), re-spectively; and (3) by inserting after subsection (o) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(p) A
SSIGNMENT OF PERSONNEL .—The Com- missioner may detail or otherwise assign personnel of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection to other appropriate agencies, in-cluding to serve overseas in support of global information sharing partnership operations in furtherance of enhancing border security, including by preventing entry into the United States by individuals known or sus-pected of being associated with a network, including a foreign terrorist organization (as such term is described in section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189)), that poses terrorist or other threats.’’. 
SEC. 3. BRIEFINGS. 
The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall biannually brief the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate regarding activities, dur-ing the prior six months, in furtherance of clause (vii) of section 411(g)(4) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211(g)(4)), as added by section 2 of this Act. Such brief-ings may be provided in a classified setting if the Commissioner determines such is appro-priate. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
ELA) each will con-trol 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kansas? There was no objection. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4578, the Counter Terrorist Network Act. The fine men and women in uniform at U.S. Customs and Border Protection are tasked with an incredibly impor-tant mission. Every day, they protect our Nation from transnational crimi-nal organizations, human traffickers, and terrorists who wish to exploit vul-nerabilities at our Nation’s borders. To execute this critical mission, the CBP has developed a cadre of subject matter experts that are well versed in counternetwork operations. These ex-perts work tirelessly at our Nation’s seaports, airports, and land border crossings, honing their skills, stopping the flow of illicit goods and people, and creating actionable intelligence. Given the fact that the CBP is uniquely positioned on our Nation’s front line, it would seem expected that members of the CBP would have the authority to participate in counternet-work activities that target terrorists and transnational threats, both domes-tically and internationally. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA7.018 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H41 January 9, 2018 
However, this is not the case. Cur-rently, the CBP lacks the statutory au-thority to assign CBP personnel to spe-cialized counternetwork details and li-aison assignments with a national se-curity focus. H.R. 4578 seeks to mitigate this defi-ciency by giving the Commissioner of the CBP the statutory authority to as-sign personnel to these specialized task forces and collaborate with appropriate Federal, State, local, and Tribal enti-ties to enhance border security oper-ations that focus on disrupting and dis-mantling transnational criminal orga-nizations and foreign terrorist net-works. By granting this authority to the Commissioner, the CBP’s collaborative efforts will result in enhanced informa-tion sharing and an increase in intel-ligence-driven enforcement operations. Lastly, H.R. 4578 requires the Com-missioner to provide a report to Con-gress within 6 months of enactment, substantially describing the ongoing efforts to defeat threats posed by transnational criminal and foreign ter-rorist groups. Mr. Speaker, I thank Border and Maritime Security Subcommittee Ranking Member V
ELAfor introducing this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the law enforcement commu-nity and to vote in favor of this impor-tant legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4578, the Counter Terrorist Network Act. Mr. Speaker, I introduced H.R. 4578, the Counter Terrorist Network Act, to support U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection’s ongoing efforts to prevent in-dividuals who pose a known threat to our country from entering the United States. Over the years, the CBP has pushed out our borders through various pro-grams, including international partner-ships where officers are posted over-seas. The CBP’s National Targeting Cen-ter, or NTC, uses the latest technology and analytical tools to identify threats and share that information with both domestic and international law en-forcement partners. The CBP vets foreign nationals trav-eling to the United States prior to ar-rival through the use of various sophis-ticated screening techniques. Time and again, we see terrorist acts carried out by individuals who were not on the Federal radar for terrorism. In the 17 years since the September 11 attacks, we have made huge invest-ments in this country in intelligence to better connect the dots about those risks. My legislation seeks to ensure that the NTC is positioned to continue em-bedding its analysts in overseas oper-ations so that individuals associated with terrorist and transnational crimi-nal networks are prevented from oper-ating with impunity. H.R. 4578 authorizes the NTC to con-tinue building its collaborative intel-ligence and law enforcement partner-ships to stay one step ahead of those individuals who wish to do us harm or commit other criminal acts. The bill also authorizes CBP per-sonnel to be posted abroad to perform critical preemptive operations to make sure the travelers and visa petitioners coming to our country are thoroughly screened and vetted. Mr. Speaker, it is imperative for the DHS and its law enforcement partners to do everything practicable to screen and vet individuals before they arrive at our borders. H.R. 4578 underscores this imperative by authorizing the CBP to counter ter-rorist and criminal networks’ efforts to infiltrate our borders in a way that has proven effective and adaptive. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4578. In closing, H.R. 4578 is a bipartisan bill that was unanimously approved by the Committee on Homeland Security late last year. The partnerships that the CBP has established to disrupt and dismantle terrorists and other criminal networks are valuable and merit congressional support. H.R. 4578 provides the CBP with stat-utory authority to continue these part-nerships and it enables CBP personnel to be posted within different Federal and international entities in further-ance of their antiterrorism and home-land security missions. Congress must continue to support this effort, and we can do so today by passing this bill. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues on the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity for their support, and I urge my House colleagues to pass H.R. 4578. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I, once again, urge my colleagues to sup-port H.R. 4578, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4578. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
GLOBAL AVIATION SYSTEM SECURITY REFORM ACT OF 2017 Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4559) to conduct a global aviation security review, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4559 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Global Avia-tion System Security Reform Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DMINISTRATION .—The term ‘‘Adminis-tration’’ means the Transportation Security Administration. (2) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration. (3) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate. 
SEC. 3. GLOBAL AVIATION SECURITY REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall conduct a global aviation security review to address improv-ing aviation security standards, including standards intended to mitigate cybersecurity threats, across the global aviation system. (b) C
OMPOSITION .—The global aviation se-curity review established under subsection (a) shall include input from the following en-tities: (1) The Office of Global Strategies of the Administration. (2) The Office of Intelligence and Analysis of the Administration. (3) The Office of Security Policy and Indus-try Engagement of the Administration. (c) C
OORDINATION .—The Administrator shall coordinate with the following entities on the global aviation security review: (1) U.S. Customs and Border Protection. (2) The Office of International Engagement of the Department of Homeland Security. (3) The Department of State. (4) Any other relevant office or agency of the Federal government, as determined by the Administrator. (d) B
ESTPRACTICES .—The global aviation security review shall establish best practices regarding the following: (1) Collaborating with foreign partners to improve global aviation security capabilities and standards. (2) Identifying foreign partners that have not successfully implemented security proto-cols from the International Civil Aviation Organization or the Department of Home-land Security and have not taken steps to implement such security protocols. (3) Improving the development, outreach, and implementation process for security di-rectives or emergency amendments, as the case may be, issued to domestic and foreign air carriers. (4) Assessing the cybersecurity and cyber espionage risk of security screening equip-ment. 
SEC. 4. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
(a) P ROGRESS REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall report to the appropriate congressional committees on the organization, development, and progress of the global aviation security review required under section 3. (b) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 240 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.039 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH42 January 9, 2018 
best practices identified by the global avia-tion security review required under section 3 and the actions the Administrator has taken to implement such best practices. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES) and the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kansas? There was no objection. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman K
ATKO for his leadership on this impor-tant piece of legislation. It is essential that we continue to improve aviation security in order to stay ahead of the evolving threat posed by Islamist terrorists. It is clear that terrorists around the world remain in-tent on attacking aircraft. That is why over the past year the Department of Homeland Security and the Transportation Security Adminis-tration have worked to raise the global level of aviation security. One area of potential improvement is through working to increase security at over-seas last point of departure airports. In October, I joined a bipartisan dele-gation of congressional members from the House Homeland Security Com-mittee to several of the largest last point of departure airports, including Amman, Jordan; and Frankfurt, Ger-many. We examined current threats to aviation security and got to look at how our foreign partners have worked to stay ahead of all the potential threats. This legislation seeks to improve global aviation security standards by directing the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administra-tion to conduct a comprehensive re-view of aviation security implementa-tion and challenges across the global aviation system. This legislation will help improve coordination and out-reach, both within the United States Government and with foreign partners regarding improvements to aviation se-curity. It makes sense for our security agen-cies to work with our foreign allies who are facing the same security threat that we face. This legislation will help the DHS locate and imple-ment best practices, which are being used overseas. The fight to protect travelers isn’t one that we face alone in America, and this threat isn’t going to dissipate anytime soon. That is why this legislation is focused on ensuring that our agencies build partnerships and can learn from our foreign part-ners. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4559, the Global Aviation System Secu-rity Reform Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for his leadership on this legislation. This legislation would require the TSA to conduct a global aviation secu-rity review in order to improve avia-tion standards across the global avia-tion system within 180 days of enact-ment. The security review within this bill is required to include input from the TSA’s Office of Global Strategies, Of-fice of Intelligence and Analysis, and the Office of Security Policy and In-dustry Engagement, and must identify best practices for foreign partners. While the TSA has taken tremendous steps to improve aviation security at airports with direct service to the U.S., there is more that can be done. In the last 12 months, we have seen the global aviation threat landscape evolve to include an increased threat to cargo security, and passenger planes being targeted with bombs hidden in large electronic devices. The TSA is continually working with global partners and stakeholders to en-sure that aviation standards are being maintained and elevated as needed. Under this legislation, improvements that should be made to aviation secu-rity will be highlighted for Congress. This legislation has the potential of providing a very good roadmap for Con-gress to address areas of improvement for global aviation security and to en-sure that we constantly strive towards the safest and most secure aviation community. Mr. Speaker, I note that, in the last couple of days, through the holiday season, those people who were either stuck in airports, and bags that were stacked, and people couldn’t find bags are not considered a security issue. It was a weather issue. But we understand how crucial it is that the traveling public has needs in the free flowing and secure flowing of aviation. Giving the Congress a roadmap, I believe, is a very important step. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4559, the ‘‘Global Aviation System Security Reform Act of 2017.’’ This legislation would require TSA to con-duct a global aviation security review in order to improve aviation standards across the glob-al aviation system within 180 days of enact-ment. The security review within this bill is re-quired to include input from TSA’s Office of Global Strategies, Office of Intelligence and Analysis, and the Office of Security Policy and Industry Engagement, and must identify best practices for foreign partners. While TSA has taken tremendous steps to improve aviation security at airports with direct service to the U.S., there is more that can be done. In the last 12 months, we have seen the global aviation threat landscape evolve to in-clude an increased threat to cargo security, and passenger planes being targeted with bombs hidden in large electronic devices. TSA is continually working with global part-ners and stakeholders to ensure that aviation standards are being maintained and elevated as needed. Under this legislation, improvements that should be made to aviation security will be highlighted for Congress. This legislation has the potential of providing a roadmap for Congress to address areas of improvement for global aviation security, and ensure that we constantly strive towards the safest and most secure aviation community. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4559 will give this body a strong sense of the direction for global avia-tion security improvements. As threats to aviation security grow more sophisticated, this bill seeks to ensure that TSA is keeping pace with the threat land-scape. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, let me again emphasize the importance of identifying best practices to be utilized by our system and to utilize these best practices to improve the security for the traveling public. H.R. 4559 will give this body a strong sense of direction for global aviation security improvements. As threats to aviation security grow more sophisti-cated, this bill seeks to ensure that the TSA is keeping pace with the threat landscape. b1330 Since I have no further speakers, I am closing by saying, with that, I en-courage my colleagues to support H.R. 4559. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. One of the things that we are seeing today, in an increasingly dangerous world, is how do we face these threats and work together. This bill is intended to help work to be more efficient across not just America but with our allies in making our aviation travel more safe and secure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of bill, H.R. 4559: The Global Aviation System Security Reform Act of 2017. This legislation will help raise the global base-line of aviation security and protect the trav-eling public from a litany of terror threats. After recently participating in a bipartisan Congressional delegation to the Middle East 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09JA7.009 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H43 January 9, 2018 
and Europe to observe international aviation security efforts firsthand, my colleagues and I returned home determined to bolster the De-partment of Homeland Security’s efforts to build capacity among foreign partners. When it comes to aviation security, we are only as secure as our weakest link. Unfortu-nately, through our oversight on the Homeland Security Committee’s Subcommittee on Trans-portation and Protective Security, we have grown increasingly concerned that existing standards are simply not sufficient to keep up with the changing threats to aviation. This legislation will ensure that DHS and TSA are aggressively committed to eliminating security vulnerabilities and inconsistencies at overseas airports with direct flights to the United States. I wish to thank Congressman E
STES for par- ticipating in the important delegation we un-dertook which led to this legislation, as well as his commitment and leadership to security America’s transportation systems on my Sub-committee. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the cost estimate from the Congres-sional Budget Office regarding H.R. 4559. The cost estimate was not available at the time of the filing of the Committee report. 
U.S. C ONGRESS , C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , Washington, DC, January 9, 2018. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The Congressional Budget Office has prepared the enclosed cost estimate for H.R. 4559, the Global Aviation System Security Reform Act of 2017. If you wish further details on this esti-mate, we will be pleased to provide them. The CBO staff contact is Megan Carroll. Sincerely, K
EITH HALL. Enclosure. 
H.R. 4559—G LOBAL AVIATION SYSTEM  S
ECURITY REFORM ACT OF 2017 As ordered reported by the House Committee on Homeland Security on December 13, 2017 H.R. 4559 would direct the Transportation Security Administration (TSA), in consulta-tion with other federal agencies, to review security-related standards across the global aviation system. The bill would require TSA to identify best practices for: Enhancing security by collaborating with foreign partners involved in aviation secu-rity, Identifying foreign entities that have not yet implemented international standards, Improving processes for issuing security- related directives to air carriers, and Assessing cyber-related threats to screen-ing equipment. Using information from TSA, CBO esti-mates that meeting the bill’s requirements would increase the agency’s costs by less than $500,000 in 2018; such spending would be subject to appropriation. Enacting H.R. 4559 would not affect direct spending or revenues; therefore, pay-as-you-go procedures do not apply. CBO estimates that enacting H.R. 4559 would not increase net direct spending or on- budget deficits in any of the four consecutive 10-year periods beginning in 2028. H.R. 4559 contains no intergovernmental or private-sector mandates as defined in the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act. The CBO staff contact for this estimate is Megan Carroll. The estimate was approved by H. Samuel Papenfuss, Deputy Assistant Director for Budget Analysis. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4559, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CYBER VULNERABILITY DISCLOSURE REPORTING ACT Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3202) to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit a re-port on cyber vulnerability disclosures, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3202 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Cyber Vul-nerability Disclosure Reporting Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REPORT ON CYBER VULNERABILITIES. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 240 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall sub-mit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate a report that contains a description of the policies and procedures developed for coordinating cyber vulnerability disclosures, in accordance with section 227(m) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 148(m)). To the extent pos-sible, such report shall include an annex with information on instances in which such policies and procedures were used to disclose cyber vulnerabilities in the year prior to the date such report is required and, where avail-able, information on the degree to which such information was acted upon by industry and other stakeholders. Such report may also contain a description of how the Sec-retary is working with other Federal entities and critical infrastructure owners and opera-tors to prevent, detect, and mitigate cyber vulnerabilities. (b) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-section (b) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES) and the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include any extraneous ma-terial on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kansas? There was no objection. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3202, the Cyber Vulnerability Disclo-sure Reporting Act. It is hard to find an electronic device today that doesn’t connect to the internet. From smartphones to alarm clocks, everything is part of the Inter-net of Things. Americans can do every-thing, from personal banking to unlocking the front door, with the palm of their hands. As the world has become increasingly interconnected, vulnerabilities in com-puter code underlying these devices and the applications they run can often expose the average American to exploi-tation by hackers, criminals, and even bad actors from nation states. As more and more critical and per-sonal information is being stored on the internet and more industrial sys-tems are being operated autonomously, it is vital that we are able to plug the holes in vulnerable technology. It seems like every day we read about another data breach that could have been prevented if only the company had known about a vulnerability in the product or network, occurrences such as the WannCry ransomware that af-fected hundreds of thousands of com-puters in more than 150 countries, and the recently reported meltdown that could affect millions of personal com-puters throughout the world. That is why, in this world of ever-increasing intrusions, we must do our best to make sure our computer systems are as invulnerable to attack as possible. The Department of Homeland Secu-rity was given the authority by the Cy-bersecurity Act of 2015 to improve cy-bersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of informa-tion about cybersecurity threats. The Homeland Security Act of 2002 allows the Secretary to coordinate with industry to develop departmental policies and procedures for coordi-nating the disclosure of cyber vulnera-bilities as described in the Vulnerabilities Equities Policy and Process published by the White House on November 15, 2016. This disclosure is important, as it highlights vulnerabili-ties and allows the public and private sector to work to prevent and mitigate cyber threats. H.R. 3202, the Cyber Vulnerability Disclosure Reporting Act, is an impor-tant tool, in that it requires the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to submit a report to Congress on their policies and procedures for disclosing vulnera-bilities. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume, and I thank the manager for his kind words. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3202, the Cyber Vulnerability Disclo-sure Reporting Act. I very much want 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA7.017 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH44 January 9, 2018 
to thank the committee for bringing the Jackson Lee bill to the floor and the work that we did on it in com-mittee. I wish to speak specifically to the work that is done on the Homeland Se-curity Committee as I discuss this leg-islation. I think it is very important to take note of the fact that the ranking member works very hard to generate very positive legislation and that we have been able to see a large number of bills, some that I have been able to sponsor, come to the floor of the House. Mr. Speaker, therefore, I thank the chairman, Mr. M
CCAUL, and the rank-ing member for making the Homeland Security Committee so productive in generating important legislation to en-sure the security of this Nation. I thank them for their leadership in put-ting the security of our Nation’s cyber assets first, whether they are com-puting resources used in voting tech-nology, or industrial control systems that support the delivery of electricity, oil and gas, or management of trans-portation systems that are vital to our Nation’s economic health. Mr. Speaker, I was chairman of the Transportation Security and Infra-structure Protection Subcommittee some few sessions ago. This was when infrastructure was included in the transportation and security domain. I can tell you that, even then, we began to acknowledge the crucialness of pro-tecting the cyber system and how far- reaching cyber systems can go, as far away as water systems, to bridges, to dams, and in between, and to note that a lot of our cyber system, 80 percent of it was in the private sector, probably more at this point. H.R. 3202, the Cyber Vulnerability Disclosure Reporting Act, which I in-troduced, requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit a report on the policies and procedures devel-oped for coordinating cyber vulnerabil-ity disclosures. The report will include an annex with information on instances in which cy-bersecurity vulnerability disclosure policies and procedures were used to disclose details on identified weak-nesses in computing systems or digital devices at risk. The report will provide information on the degree to which the information provided by DHS was used by industry and other stakeholders. The report may also contain a de-scription of how the Secretary of Homeland Security is working with other Federal entities and critical in-frastructure owners and operators to prevent, detect, and mitigate cyber vulnerabilities. It is important to restate that our cyber system is largely in the private sector. It does not alleviate or elimi-nate the role that the Federal Govern-ment should play. This legislation squarely places with the Federal Gov-ernment the responsibilities of dealing with those critical infrastructure own-ers and operators to prevent, detect, and mitigate cyber vulnerabilities. The reason that I have worked to bring this bill before the full House for consideration is a problem often re-ferred to as a zero-day event. A zero- day event describes a situation that network security professionals may find themselves in when a previously unknown error or flaw in computing code is exploited by a cybercriminal or terrorist. The term ‘‘zero-day event’’ simply means that there is zero time to pre-pare a defense against a cyber attack. That is not the place that we would like to find ourselves. When a defect in software is discov-ered, their network engineers and soft-ware companies can work to develop a patch to fix the problem before it can be exploited by those who may seek to do us harm. We have evidence that the cyber world is a good world, but it can be a dangerous world and impact the life and quality and democracy and free-dom of Americans. We want to be pre-pared and never have to face, in this most powerful country in the world, something called a zero-day event. H.R. 3202 seeks a report on the ongo-ing Department of Homeland Secu-rity’s policies and procedures for co-ordinating cyber vulnerability disclo-sures, such as zero-day events, with private sector partners. Because vul-nerabilities can be used by adversaries, it is important that this sensitive in-formation be managed securely so de-tails are not routinely made available, neither to the public nor to Congress. H.R. 3202 provides the Congress with the opportunity to understand the process and procedures used by the De-partment of Homeland Security and the benefit these disclosures may have for private sector entities participating in programs in support of cybersecu-rity. Mr. Speaker, I thank Lillie Coney of my district and Jean de Pruneda, a fel-low on the Committee on Homeland Se-curity, for their work on this impor-tant legislation. I urge Members of the House to vote in favor of H.R. 3202, the Cyber Vulner-ability Disclosure Reporting Act. Mr. Speaker, I want to emphasize again a point that I made earlier. Be-cause vulnerabilities can be used by ad-versaries, it is important that this sen-sitive information be managed securely so details are not routinely made avail-able, neither to the public nor to Con-gress. It is important to take note of the fact that the work we have to do is on-going and continuing. H.R. 3202 will give this body impor-tant information on our government-wide efforts to secure civilian agency networks and the collaborative ongo-ing work to provide information to pri-vate sector partners on computing vul-nerabilities. There is no security in keeping zero-day events secure from disclosure and not working on solu-tions. Cybersecurity is found in finding the zero-day events, creating solutions to defend against them, and sharing the solutions broadly so that they can be deployed. Once solutions are in place, the zero-day event should be disclosed to the public so that scholars and re-searchers can learn from the experi-ence. In essence, what we are saying is that we want to make sure that we are in the driver’s seat, that we know the vul-nerabilities, that we can confront the zero-day events, and that we can do that, meaning the Federal Govern-ment, in working with the private sec-tor to ensure that we do protect this Nation. Before I close, since we are dealing with Homeland Security Committee issues, I think it is important to take note of the fact of the crucialness and the importance of having a DACA fix and working together, as we have been doing, to ensure that the thousands and thousands of young people located across the Nation, who came here through no fault of their own, have a serious pathway of protection, in par-ticular, the 140,000 that are in the State of Texas. If we can stand here as bipartisan Members, I know that we can continue to work on that crucial and important issue, which I stand with those young people to ensure to get that done. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  an article by Morgan Chalfant, ‘‘Law-makers approve ‘cyber vulnerability’ bill,’’ written in The Hill. 
[From the Hill, July 26, 2017] L
AWMAKERS APPROVE ‘CYBER VULNERABILITY ’ B
ILL (By Morgan Chalfant) A House panel advanced legislation on Wednesday requiring the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to give lawmakers more information on how it discloses cyber vulnerabilities to the private sector. The legislation was sponsored by Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee (D-Texas) and received broad support from members of the House Homeland Security Committee, including Chairman Michael McCaul (R-Texas). The bill would require Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly to send a report to rel-evant congressional committees describing policies and procedures used by the DHS to coordinate the disclosure of what are called ‘‘zero days’’—cyber vulnerabilities that are unknown to a product’s manufacturer and for which no patch exists. The federal government decides whether to disclose zero days to the private sector through the vulnerabilities equities process (VEP), which was first acknowledged by the Obama administration in 2014 but is still shrouded in secrecy. While the government is said to err on the side of disclosure, the VEP has proven controversial because so little is known about it. The process has attracted increased scru-tiny in the wake of the outbreak of the ‘‘Wanna Cry’’ ransomware, which is believed to be based on a hacking tool developed by the National Security Agency. Lawmakers in both chambers have sought to boost transparency of the VEP. On Wednesday, Jackson Lee touted the leg-islation as providing an opportunity for Con-gress to better understand the process by which the DHS shares threat information 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.047 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H45 January 9, 2018 
with private companies and how that infor-mation benefits the private sector. ‘‘Because vulnerabilities can be used by ad-versaries, it is important that the sensitive information is managed securely and the de-tails are guarded against premature disclo-sure,’’ Jackson Lee said during a committee markup. ‘‘There’s no security in keeping zero day events secure and not working on solutions,’’ she said. ‘‘The protection is in finding the zero day events, creating solutions, sharing the solutions broadly, then disclosing the vulnerabilities to the public.’’ The report mandated by the legislation would include an annex of information on specific instances when the DHS disclosed vulnerabilities to private sector companies in the previous year and information on how industry acted on the information. It could also contain information about how the DHS is working with other federal agencies and departments, as well as owners of critical in-frastructure, to mitigate the threat of these vulnerabilities. Kelly would be required to submit the re-port, which would be unclassified but could have a classified annex, within 240 days of the enactment of the legislation. The committee approved the legislation in a voice vote with no amendments, sending it to the full House for a vote. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 3202, and I thank my manager as well. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in support of H.R. 3202, the Cyber Vulnerabilities Disclo-sure Reporting Act. I thank Chairman M
CCAUL and Ranking Member T
HOMPSON for their leadership on put-ting the security of our nation’s cyber assets first whether they are computing resources used in voting technology or industrial control systems that support the delivery of electricity, oil and gas, or management of transportation systems all are vital to our nation. H.R. 3202, the Cyber Vulnerability Disclo-sure Reporting Act, which I introduced, re-quires the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit a report on the policies and procedures developed for coordinating cyber vulnerability disclosures. The report will include an annex with infor-mation on instances in which cyber security vulnerability disclosure policies and proce-dures were used to disclose details on identi-fied weaknesses in computing systems that or digital devices at risk. The report will provide information on the degree to which the information provided by DHS was used by industry and other stake-holders. The report may also contain a description of how the Secretary of Homeland Security is working with other Federal entities and critical infrastructure owners and operators to pre-vent, detect, and mitigate cyber vulnerabilities. The reason that I worked to bring this bill before the Full House for consideration is the problem often referred to as a ‘‘Zero Day Event.’’ Zero Day Events are vulnerabilities in soft-ware or firmware that have gone undetected or undisclosed, but if exploited by terrorists could cause great harm to computer networks, data, or complex computing dependent sys-tems. Our nation’s electric power grid; industrial control systems that operate bridges, dams, water treatment facilities or food processing plants are all vulnerable to the potential harm that could be caused if a weakness in soft-ware or firmware goes undetected. Critical infrastructure must be secured against terrorist attacks that may use Zero Day Event vulnerabilities to attack critical infra-structure or civilian government agency com-puting assets. Zero Day Events discovered in commercial software applications such as the ‘‘Heartbleed’’ and OpenSSL cryptographic software library vulnerability. Proactive and coordinated efforts are nec-essary to strengthen and maintain secure crit-ical infrastructure including assets that are vital to public confidence in the cyber nation’s safety. This bill supports the ongoing work of the Department of Homeland Security in security civilian agency and coordinating with private sector computing network owners and opera-tors. The nation’s critical infrastructure is diverse, complex, and interdependent. The overwhelming majority of critical infra-structure is privately owned or managed. Critical Infrastructure owners and operators are uniquely positioned to manage risk to their operations and assets. What is needed is a better understanding of how vulnerability discoveries lead to better protection for computing networks. Zero Day Events require a coordinated ap-proach to assignment of responsibility for de-veloping patches or solutions, and a means of effectively distributing the solution without alerting potential terrorist or cyber criminals. H.R. 3202 provides the Congress with the opportunity to understand the process and procedures used by the Department of Home-land Security and the benefit these disclosures may have for private sector entities partici-pating in programs in support of cybersecurity. I thank Lillie Coney of my staff and Jean de Pruneda a Fellow on the Committee on Home-land Security for their work on this important legislation. I ask my colleagues to vote for H.R. 3202. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of 3202, The ‘‘Cyber Disclosure Reporting Act.’’ I thank Chairman M
CCAUL and Ranking Member T
HOMPSON for their leadership on put-ting the security of our nation’s cyber assets first whether they are computing resources used in voting technology or industrial control systems that support the delivery of electricity, oil and gas, or management of transportation systems that are vital to our nation economic health. H.R. 3202, the Cyber Vulnerability Disclo-sure Reporting Act, which I introduced, re-quires the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit a report on the policies and procedures developed for coordinating cyber vulnerability disclosures. The report will include an annex with infor-mation on instances in which cyber security vulnerability disclosure policies and proce-dures were used to disclose details on identi-fied weaknesses in computing systems that or digital devices at risk. The report will provide information on the degree to which the information provided by DHS was used by industry and other stake-holders. The report may also contain a description of how the Secretary of Homeland Security is working with other Federal entities and critical infrastructure owners and operators to pre-vent, detect, and mitigate cyber vulnerabilities. The reason that I worked to bring this bill before the Full House for consideration is the problem often referred to as a ‘‘Zero Day Event.’’ A Zero Day Event describes the situation that network security professionals may find themselves when a previously unknown error or flaw in computing code is exploited by a cybercriminal or terrorist. The term ‘‘Zero Day Event’’ simply means that there is zero time to prepare a defense against a cyberattack. When a defect in software is discovered then network engineers and software compa-nies can work to develop a ‘‘patch’’ to fix the problem before it can be exploited by those who may seek to do harm. H.R. 3202 seeks a report on the ongoing Department of Homeland Security’s policies and procedures for coordinating cyber vulner-ability disclosures such as Zero Day Events with private sector partners. Because vulnerabilities can be used by ad-versaries it is important that this sensitive in-formation be managed securely so details are not routinely made available neither to the public nor to Congress. H.R. 3202 provides the Congress with the opportunity to understand the process and procedures used by the Department of Home-land Security and the benefit these disclosures may have for private sector entities partici-pating in programs in support of cybersecurity. I thank Lillie Coney of my staff and Jean de Pruneda a Fellow on the Committee on Home-land Security for their work on this important legislation. I urge members of the House to vote in favor of H.R. 3202, the Cyber Vulnerabilities Disclosure Act. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3202 will give this body important information on our government wide efforts to secure civilian agency networks and the collaborative ongoing work to provide in-formation to private sector partners on com-puting vulnerabilities. There’s no security in keeping zero day events secure from disclosure and not working on solutions. Cyber security is found in finding the zero day events, creating solutions to defend against them, and sharing the solutions broad-ly so that they can be deployed. Once solutions are in place the Zero Day Event should be disclosed to the public so that scholars and researchers can learn from the experience. With that, I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 3202. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support this bill. With an ever-increasing reliance on technology today, we need to make sure that it is secure and safe for us to use and that the vulnerabilities are addressed so that we can maintain a safe and secure environment. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA7.019 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH46 January 9, 2018 
the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3202. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1345 DHS INTERAGENCY COUNTERTER-RORISM TASK FORCE ACT OF 2017 Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4555) to authorize the partici-pation in overseas interagency coun-terterrorism task forces of personnel of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4555 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘DHS Inter-agency Counterterrorism Task Force Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. OVERSEAS INTERAGENCY COUNTERTER-RORISM TASK FORCE PARTICIPA-TION. 
Section 102 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 112) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) C
OORDINATION WITHOTHER FEDERAL  D
EPARTMENTS AND AGENCIES OVERSEAS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary is author-ized to assign Department personnel to par-ticipate in overseas interagency counterter-rorism task forces to— ‘‘(A) facilitate the sharing of counterter-rorism information, and ‘‘(B) combat the threat of terrorism and associated risks to the United States stem-ming from overseas sources of conflict or terrorism, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(2) P
ERSONNEL .—In carrying out this sub-section, the Secretary may assign personnel from any component of the Department the Secretary determines necessary to partici-pate in the overseas counterterrorism task forces referred to in paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 3. ANNUAL REPORTS. 
Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter for three years, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall report to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, the Committee on Foreign Relations, Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate on activities carried out pursuant to sub-section (h) of section 102 of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 112), as added by section 2 of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
UTHERFORD ) and the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include any extraneous ma-terial on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, as terrorists and foreign fighters in Iraq and Syria seek to re-turn home or travel to other regions in the wake of the defeat of ISIS on the battlefield, cooperation among U.S. military, national security, and law en-forcement agencies is vital. When these fighters move from the Middle East to the West or other re-gions, information collection and tracking becomes extremely difficult, especially when ensuring that all rel-evant Federal agencies have access to the same critical information. An en-hanced, whole-of-government effort to share information and intelligence re-lated to these fighters and their move-ments would improve security of the homeland. In order to achieve this, H.R. 4555 au-thorizes the Department of Homeland Security Secretary to assign DHS per-sonnel to overseas interagency coun-terterrorism task forces to facilitate the sharing of counterterrorism infor-mation and combat threats stemming from overseas sources of conflict or terrorism. This will enable DHS to build on existing initiatives to colocate DHS personnel with other Federal de-partments and agencies that play a crucial role in the fight against ter-rorism. For example, assigning DHS per-sonnel to the Department of Defense locations would facilitate better collec-tion and sharing of information recov-ered from those conflict zones, which significantly improves our ability to interdict terrorists before they enter our country. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4555, the DHS Interagency Counterter-rorism Task Force Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4555 authorizes DHS personnel to participate in over-seas interagency counterterrorism task forces. Since the attacks of September 11 and the demise of central al-Qaida, there has been an upsurge in the num-ber of foreign terrorist organizations. The terrorist threat picture demands that DHS work to ‘‘push our borders out’’ and deal with terrorist threats overseas. As such, it is important that DHS deploy DHS personnel overseas to engage in counterterrorism informa-tion sharing with international part-ners. Our close partnerships with countries around the world, especially in Europe, are essential to preventing returning foreign fighters from attacking the U.S. homeland. However, we remain concerned that terrorist organizations, in particular, ISIS, al-Qaida, and their affiliates, continue to plot attacks against the U.S. homeland and our in-terests abroad. Authorizing the participation of DHS personnel in overseas interagency counterterrorism task forces will fa-cilitate better counterterrorism infor-mation sharing, which will help protect the homeland and U.S. interests abroad. As such, I support this legisla-tion. Mr. Speaker, in closing, H.R. 4555 au-thorizes the participation of DHS per-sonnel in overseas interagency coun-terterrorism task forces. This measure seeks to help safeguard our homeland by fostering DHS overseas partnerships and facilitating counterterrorism in-formation sharing. I want to thank the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
UTHERFORD ) for spon-soring this legislation and for working with me on my amendment, which added reporting language on the activi-ties authorized by this measure. This is an important step forward and, again, I might emphasize, the work that is being done between the ranking member, Mr. T
HOMPSON , and the full committee chair, Mr. M
CCAUL, in bringing our committee together in producing a myriad of constructive leg-islation all geared to our task, because, when all is said and done, we are the Homeland Security Committee within the Homeland Security Department, created in the aftermath of the most heinous, horrific tragedy in the history of the United States of recent recollec-tion that was not an incident of war. Therefore, I think the American peo-ple, and I know the American people are owed our diligence and are owed our commitment and are owed our stu-diousness. I am very pleased to say that, on this committee, the produc-tion of legislation that comes to the floor, all is geared to securing the homeland. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 4555. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4555, the ‘‘DHS Interagency Counterterrorism Task Force Act of 2017.’’ H.R. 4555 authorizes DHS personnel to par-ticipate in overseas interagency counterter-rorism task forces. Since the attacks of September 11th and the demise of central al Qaeda, there has been an upsurge in the number of foreign ter-rorist organizations. The terrorist threat picture demands that DHS work to ‘‘push our borders out’’ and deal with terrorist threats overseas. As such, it is important that DHS deploy DHS personnel overseas to engage in counter-terrorism information sharing with international partners. Our close partnerships with countries around the world, especially in Europe, are es-sential to preventing returning foreign fighters from attacking the U.S. homeland. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.051 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H47 January 9, 2018 
However, we remain concerned that terrorist organizations, in particular ISIS, al Qaeda, and their affiliates, continue to plot attacks against the U.S. homeland and our interests abroad. Authorizing the participation of DHS per-sonnel in overseas interagency counterter-rorism task forces will facilitate better counter-terrorism information sharing, which will help protect the homeland and U.S. interests abroad. I thank the gentleman from Florida, Mr. R
UTHERFORD , for sponsoring this legislation and for working with me on my amendment which added reporting language on the activi-ties authorized by this measure. With that, Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 4555. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) for her very commonsense amendment to this bill, which made it stronger and better, and I do appreciate the bipar-tisan work on that. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
UTH-
ERFORD ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4555, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
POST-CALIPHATE THREAT ASSESSMENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4564) to require a threat assessment on current foreign terrorist fighter activities, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4564 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Post-Caliph-ate Threat Assessment Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. THREAT ASSESSMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security, in coordination with the Sec-retary of State and Director of National In-telligence, shall conduct a threat assessment of current foreign terrorist fighter activities. Such assessment shall include the following: (1) A detailed summary of current foreign terrorist fighter travel and trends, including countries of origin, travel destinations, and means of travel. (2) An analysis of any country or region with a significant increase in foreign ter-rorist fighter activity. (3) An analysis of foreign terrorist fighter travel trends in and out of Iraq and Syria. (b) C
ONGRESSIONAL COMMUNICATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Home-land Security shall report to the Committee on Homeland Security, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate on the threat assessment re-quired under subsection (a). The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. H
IGGINS ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
ORREA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Louisiana? There was no objection. Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to offer for consideration H.R. 4564, the Post-Ca-liphate Threat Assessment Act of 2017, for House consideration. The Homeland Security Committee’s Task Force on Denying Terrorist Entry into the United States, which I am a member of, spent the last year taking a deeper look at how terrorist organi-zations and lone-wolf attackers are en-tering the nations they are targeting. One of the most concerning issues that the task force learned is that an esti-mated 40,000 foreign fighters traveled to ISIS-occupied territories to join a force of over 100,000 radical Islamic ter-rorists. Through major victories by anti-ISIS forces, the Islamic State’s self-declared caliphate in Iraq and Syria has been mostly defeated as a whole, driving these terrorists into hiding. Many thousands of these battle-trained jihadists are now unidentified and their location is unknown. The United States is a primary target. Of particular concern for the United States are those fighters seeking to re-turn to Europe or the U.S. These fight-ers may seek to exploit direct flights to the United States as well as the Visa Waiver Program. Mr. Speaker, this legislation is about ensuring that we have the best possible data to defeat this threat. Specifically, my bill would direct the Secretary of DHS, in coordination with the Sec-retary of State and Director of Na-tional Intelligence, to conduct a threat assessment of current foreign terrorist fighter activity and report their find-ings to Congress. It would also ensure that Congress and the Executive gain better clarity on foreign terrorist trav-el and trends post-caliphate, which will strengthen our defenses as the diaspora unfolds. Before closing, I would like to thank task force Chairman GALLAGHER , Rep-resentative K
ATKO , committee Chair-man M
CCAUL, bipartisan members of the Homeland Security Committee, and other members of the task force and their staffs for the hard work put in over the last year to make the re-port we issued this past December a re-ality. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote in favor of this com-monsense legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4564, the Post-Caliphate Threat Assessment Act of 2017. The Post-Caliphate Threat As-sessment Act requires the DHS to con-duct an intelligence threat assessment of foreign fighter activities. With the military defeat of ISIL’s ca-liphate, we are concerned about the threat of foreign terrorists returning to the West. While the vast majority of foreign fighters originated from Rus-sia, Central Asia, and the Middle East, about 20,000 foreign fighters traveled to Iraq and Syria from at least 110 coun-tries. We must address foreign fighters who are ready to return home. We must stay abreast of their movements and stop them from coming to the United States. Requiring DHS to conduct a threat assessment of current foreign fighter activities will help DHS to continue to focus on travel screening on the risk- based dangers that we face. Let’s focus our policies on preventing terrorism by keeping dangerous individuals from coming to this country. H.R. 4564 requires a detailed report by the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, coordinating with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence, on foreign fighter move-ments to help DHS focus on preventing their activities. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of this measure. I want to thank Mr. H
IG-
GINS for this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. H
IGGINS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4564. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA7.026 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH48 January 9, 2018 
b1400 COUNTERTERRORISM INFORMA-TION SHARING IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4569) to require counterter-rorism information sharing coordina-tion, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4569 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Counterter-rorism Information Sharing Improvement Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. COUNTERTERRORISM INFORMATION SHARING COORDINATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President, acting though the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall ensure that, for counterterrorism pur-poses, the Department of the Homeland Se-curity has access to biographic and biomet-ric data collected by the United States Gov-ernment on individuals associated with a terrorist organization. (b) C
OORDINATION .—The President shall di-rect the heads of relevant Federal depart-ments and agencies to coordinate with the Secretary of Homeland Security to minimize and overcome any administrative, technical, capacity, or classification challenges to car-rying out subsection (a). (c) P
ROTECTIONS .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall ensure that all relevant laws, rules, and procedures, including the section 552(a) of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Privacy Act’’ or the ‘‘Privacy Act of 1974’’), regarding clas-sification levels and civil rights and civil lib-erties are followed while seeking to carry out subsection (a). (d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall, consistent with the protection of classified information, submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the implementation of this section. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include a description of how the data referred to in subsection (a) is utilized for Department of Homeland Secu-rity screening and vetting purposes and any challenges associated with incorporating such data into departmental screening and vetting systems. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ALLAGHER ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ORREA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. As we destroy the caliphate in the Middle East, foreign fighters and ter-rorist sympathizers have fled the bat-tlefield and are looking for new ways to spread their hatred, recruit new fol-lowers, instill fear, kill innocent peo-ple, and disrupt our way of life. The December 11 bombing at the New York City Port Authority Bus Ter-minal was the second terror attack in New York in less than 2 months and a grave reminder of the reality of this threat. Given this current environment, at the direction of Chairman MCCAUL, I led a task force to identify specific na-tional security challenges and examine how terrorists might infiltrate our homeland and bring harm to our peo-ple. Subsequently, we produced a re-port with a series of solutions to fix any identified weaknesses that may be exploited by our enemies. This report resulted in several pieces of legislation that have come before the House today. To that end, my bill, the Counterterrorism Information Sharing Improvement Act, seeks to en-hance the current information-sharing environment that exists within the Federal and military communities. Throughout the task force, we heard time and time again about the incred-ible amount of biometric and bio-graphic data being pulled off battle-fields in Syria and Iraq, as U.S. forces and our allies continue to roll back the territories once held by ISIS. It is often DOD personnel that en-counter ISIS fighters on the battle-field, which often leads to the collec-tion of valuable data. However, if these fighters and their associates move back to the West or try to enter the U.S., the DHS becomes the primary entity that will engage them. Therefore, it is critical that the data recovered by the DOD in the battlefield is able to reach the DHS and its systems for effective frontline screening and vetting of known or suspected terrorists. In order to verify we are utilizing this information to support our coun-terterrorism efforts, we must ensure that the Department of Homeland Se-curity gets access to that data in a timely manner, particularly so that it can be used for screening and vetting purposes. My bill directs the President, acting through the Secretary of Home-land Security, to ensure that the DHS has access to biographic and biometric data collected by the U.S. Government on individuals associated with a ter-rorist organization. The bill also di-rects the Secretary to report to Con-gress on these efforts. The U.S. must prioritize any oppor-tunity to identify bad actors outside the country and expand our ability to identify and deter threats before they reach the homeland. Unfortunately, in-formation-sharing challenges among U.S. agencies can prevent valuable in-formation from becoming available for frontline screening and vetting. Not only is this a bureaucratic challenge, given the number of separate govern-ment agencies and components in-volved, but legal capacity and tech-nical issues exist as well. This bill will address these chal-lenges and create improved collabora-tions between the Department of Homeland Security and its other Fed-eral and military partners. Mr. Speaker, I therefore urge my col-leagues to support this bill, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4569, the Counterterrorism Information Sharing Improvement Act of 2017. This bill seeks to ensure that the DHS gets access to biometric and biographic data collected by the United States Government to carry out its counter-terrorism efforts. Since 9/11, the Democratic members of this committee have been com-mitted to bolstering terrorism infor-mation sharing within our government. Today, terrorist threats are decentral-ized, spreading beyond al-Qaida, al Shabaab, and ISIL to a patchwork of small cells and lone wolves who stand ready to carry out violence to our country at their whim. Increasingly, this threat also includes homegrown violent extremists and domestic terror-ists. Ensuring that the DHS has access to biographic and biometric data on indi-viduals associated with a terrorist or-ganization is critical to comprehensive assessing of all forms of terrorism and threats to our government. This legislation also requires that the DHS report on how the data is being received and utilized for screen-ing and vetting purposes. This report will help Congress ensure that screen-ing and vetting of travelers to the United States is conducted in a risk- based manner. Mr. Speaker, I support this legisla-tion and I am prepared to close. Again, Mr. Speaker, this legislation ensures that the DHS have access to biographic and biometric data col-lected by our government on individ-uals associated with terrorist organiza-tions. It is important that this infor-mation be integrated into the DHS’ screening and vetting programs to pro-tect our country, our citizens, from all forms of terrorism and extremism. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this legislation, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. I thank my colleagues for their hard work in generating the task force report and all of the ideas that led to the variety of bills we are doing here today. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. L
AHOOD). The question is on the mo-tion offered by the gentleman from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.059 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H49 January 9, 2018 
Wisconsin (Mr. G ALLAGHER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4569. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SCREENING AND VETTING PAS-SENGER EXCHANGE ACT OF 2017 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4581) to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop best practices for utilizing advanced pas-senger information and passenger name record data for counterterrorism screening and vetting operations, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4581 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Screening and Vetting Passenger Exchange Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. PASSENGER SCREENING BEST PRAC-TICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall de-velop best practices for utilizing advanced passenger information and passenger name record data for counterterrorism screening and vetting operations. (b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall, to the greatest ex-tent practicable— (1) make available to certain countries, in-cluding visa waiver program countries under section 217 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187), the best practices required under subsection (a); and (2) provide assistance to such countries in implementing such best practices. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ORREA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise today to voice my full support for H.R. 4581, the Screening and Vet-ting Passenger Exchange Act of 2017. This legislation directs the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop best practices for utilizing advanced pas-senger information, or API, and pas-senger names record data, or PNR, for counterterrorism screening and vetting operations. It also enables the Secretary to share those practices with our allies, includ-ing countries participating in the Visa Waiver Program, and to provide assist-ance in implementing these practices in those countries. Having access to API, which is bio-graphic information, and PNR data, which is data about reservation and itinerary information, allows our homeland security professionals to confirm the identities and travel pat-terns of potential criminals and terror-ists before they enter the United States. Allowing our men and women on the front lines to fight against terrorism, to work with Visa Waiver Program countries to make sure that they rise to the same standards only increases the safety of our Nation, the safety of all Americans traveling abroad, and the safety of all people across the globe. This legislation is a step in the right direction toward addressing fur-ther potential emerging threats. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my col-leagues to support our Nation’s Home-land Security by supporting my bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4581, the Screening and Vetting Passenger Ex-change Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, the Screening and Vet-ting Passenger Act of 2017 requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to de-velop and share best practices for using data provided by passengers in screen-ing and vetting operations with our al-lies around the world. Since 2014, more than 75 million international travelers have come to the United States. In recent years, es-pecially during the Obama administra-tion, great strides were made to use the information furnished by these in-coming travelers to advance security screening and vetting processes. Building upon the Department’s 2017 last point of departure security en-hancements that sought to raise the bar in physical screenings at overseas airports with direct flights to the U.S., this bill will further reinforce security measures and seek to provide our over-seas partners with the capabilities to advance their own vetting and screen-ing. No country is immune from ter-rorism, and this bill will ensure that the DHS can be a valued partner to na-tions that work with us. By providing best practices on pas-senger screening, H.R. 4581 seeks to en-sure that terrorists seeking to inflict harm are not allowed to travel without detection. Mr. Speaker, I urge my House col-leagues to support this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL), the chairman of the Homeland Secu-rity Committee. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the Screen-ing and Vetting Passenger Exchange Act. I want to thank Congressman F
ITZPATRICK for bringing this impor-tant legislation. The United States is currently experiencing one of the high-est terror threat environments since 9/11. Despite crushing the caliphate in Iraq and Syria, ISIS continues to dem-onstrate its capability to inspire at-tacks on the West, including in the homeland. The two terror attacks in New York City late last year are stark reminders of this reality and the threat facing the United States. Given the na-ture of this evolving threat, I estab-lished a task force on denying terror-ists entry into the United States last year and I appointed Representative M
IKEGALLAGHER to head up the effort. I would like to thank all of the mem-bers of the task force for their hard work in making this effort a success. I charged this task force with examining how terrorists might infiltrate the homeland, identifying challenges with current U.S. Government information sharing and vetting procedures, and re-viewing the screening agencies’ struc-ture and bureaucracy. After completing its review, the task force issued a report outlining its find-ings and providing seven recommenda-tions designed to address the identified gaps. These recommendations were the basis for several of the bills we are con-sidering today. As evidenced by the re-cent spate of attacks, there is a large population of radicalized individuals in Europe who are willing to commit vio-lence in the name of terrorist groups like ISIS. We must remain vigilant and cannot forget many of these individ-uals are just one flight away from the United States. Given the seriousness of this threat, we must do more at home and abroad to screen and vet people seeking to enter the United States. The bills we are considering today will enhance our capabilities by improving information sharing and promoting efficiencies in the screening and vetting process, help-ing ensure the homeland is the best se-cured against terrorist infiltration. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I am pre-pared to close and I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill seeks to make international travel more secure and fosters a strong relationship between our country and our allies. All nations must increase their vigilance with re-spect to security screening. There are thousands of ISIL foot soldiers who may seek to enter the Western world and other nations to carry out their at-tacks. This legislation seeks to harness the United States’ best practices and capabilities to advance the safety of the global aviation community as we face an agile and evolving enemy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.061 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH50 January 9, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support this measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. b1415 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4581. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
SECURING DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY FIREARMS ACT OF 2017 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4433) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security to achieve security of sensitive assets among the components of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4433 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Securing De-partment of Homeland Security Firearms Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘Securing DHS Firearms Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. (2) L
OST.—The term ‘‘lost’’ includes loss by theft. (3) S
ENSITIVE ASSETS .—The term ‘‘sensitive assets’’ means any asset, regardless of value— (A) that the Department of Homeland Se-curity issues to a Department employee; and (B) that either the Under Secretary for Management of the Department or a compo-nent head determines requires special con-trol and accounting. (4) U
NDER SECRETARY FOR MANAGEMENT .— The term ‘‘Under Secretary for Manage-ment’’ means the Under Secretary for Man-agement of the Department of Homeland Se-curity. 
SEC. 3. INCLUSION OF SECURING FIREARMS AND OTHER SENSITIVE ASSETS IN RE-SPONSIBILITIES OF UNDER SEC-RETARY FOR MANAGEMENT. 
Section 701 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(6), by inserting ‘‘(in-cluding firearms and other sensitive assets)’’ after ‘‘equipment’’; (2) by redesignating the second subsection (e) (relating to the definition of interoper-able communications) as subsection (f); and (3) by amending such redesignated sub-section (f) to read as follows: ‘‘(f) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) I
NTEROPERABLE COMMUNICATIONS .—The term ‘interoperable communications’ has the meaning given such term in section 7303(g) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Pre-vention Act of 2004 (6 U.S.C. 194(g)). ‘‘(2) S
ENSITIVE ASSETS .—The term ‘sen-sitive assets’ means any asset, regardless of value— ‘‘(A) that the Department of Homeland Se-curity issues to a Department employee; and ‘‘(B) that either the Under Secretary for Management of the Department or a compo-nent head determines requires special con-trol and accounting.’’. 
SEC. 4. MANAGEMENT DIRECTIVE. 
(a) S AFEGUARDING FIREARMS AND SENSITIVE  A
SSETS DIRECTIVE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary for Management shall develop and disseminate a Department-wide directive for achieving adequate security over firearms and other sensitive assets across the Department. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The directive required under subsection (a) shall, at a minimum, in-clude the following: (A) Descriptions of what equipment, in ad-dition to firearms, is classified as a sensitive asset for the purpose of carrying out this Act. (B) Requirements for securing Department- issued firearms and other sensitive assets. (C) A classification system for all cat-egories of Department-issued badges and cor-responding requirements for safeguarding such assets. (D) Reporting requirements for lost fire-arms and other sensitive assets, including timelines for such reporting, to supervisors, local law enforcement, the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s National Crime Information Center, and Department headquarters. (E) Recordkeeping requirements for lost firearms and other sensitive assets in inven-tory systems, including a timeline for re-cording such losses. (3) R
EVIEW AND UPDATE OF DIRECTIVE .—Not later than one year after the issuance of the directive required under subsection (a) the Under Secretary for Management shall re-view and update, as necessary, such direc-tive, including adding a requirement relating to recording in the inventory systems main-tained by each component of the Department the acceptance or transfer of a firearm or other sensitive asset by such component. (b) P
ERSONAL PROPERTY ASSET MANAGE -
MENT PROGRAM MANUAL .—Together with the issuance of the directive pursuant to sub-section (a), the Under Secretary for Manage-ment shall disseminate a revised version of the Personal Property Asset Management Program Manual that includes the following: (1) Requirements for component heads to develop procedures to safeguard firearms and other sensitive assets during on and off-duty time. (2) Requirements for the issuance of safety locking devices and policies on the use of such assets, as applicable. (3) Requirements for initial, recurrent, and remedial training on safeguarding such as-sets. (4) Examples, with detail, of how to report and record lost sensitive assets across com-ponents of the Department, and an enforce-ment mechanism to ensure supervisors main-tain such records. (5) A requirement that the file maintained on a lost firearm or other sensitive asset contains both the corresponding police re-port and the Department report detailing the circumstances surrounding such loss, includ-ing information on adherence to safe-guarding procedures. SEC. 5. COMPONENT RESPONSIBILITIES. 
Department component heads shall— (1) comply with Federal law, Federal regu-lations, executive branch guidance, and De-partment policy, including directives re-quired by this Act, relating to the manage-ment and oversight of securing firearms and other sensitive assets; (2) review the need for non-law enforce-ment badges; (3) require component personnel to safe-guard firearms and other sensitive assets in accordance with the directive issued by the Under Secretary for Management under sec-tion 4; (4) require that component personnel ad-here to the procedures and timelines for properly reporting to supervisors lost fire-arms and other sensitive assets; (5) require that lost firearms and other sensitive assets are reported to local law en-forcement, the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion’s National Crime Information Center, and Department headquarters in the time-frame established in such directive; and (6) require that lost firearms and other sensitive assets are recorded in inventory systems in the timeframe established by such directive. 
SEC. 6. INSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW. 
The Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security shall, on an ongoing basis, review implementation of this Act and, not later than 180 days after issuance of the directive under section 4, submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate a review of the progress and effectiveness of such directive, including an assessment of the adequacy of such direc-tive, as well as the level of compliance among the components of the Department to achieve adequate security of sensitive assets across Department components. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ORREA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include any extraneous ma-terial on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4433, the Securing Department of Homeland Security Firearms Act of 2017. A recent report by the Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector General, entitled, ‘‘DHS’ Controls Over Firearms and Other Sensitive Assets,’’ found that, between fiscal year 2014 and fiscal year 2016, personnel from DHS and its components misplaced a total of 2,142 highly sensitive assets, includ-ing 228 firearms and 1,889 badges. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.063 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H51 January 9, 2018 
DHS is charged with the safety of our Nation and its citizens. The OIG report indicates that not only are there some DHS personnel not being held account-able for failing to safeguard their sen-sitive assets, they are also not receiv-ing proper training on how to properly safeguard and keep track of such equip-ment. Given the importance of DHS’ mission, this is unacceptable, Mr. Speaker. H.R. 4433 follows the OIG’s rec-ommendations and requires DHS’ Under Secretary for Management to promulgate a departmentwide directive to DHS personnel aimed at achieving adequate security over DHS firearms and other sensitive assets. H.R. 4433 mandates that this directive include descriptions of what equipment is clas-sified as a sensitive asset, requirements for securing Department-issued sen-sitive assets, and recordkeeping re-quirements for reporting lost or stolen firearms and other assets. H.R. 4433 also requires DHS to update its Personal Property Asset Manage-ment Program Manual to include pro-cedures and training on how to safe-guard assets, both on and off duty, in accordance with the directive. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4433, the Se-curing Department of Homeland Secu-rity Firearms Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, DHS is a diverse De-partment that has the distinction of being the largest law enforcement agency in the Federal Government. To help support its critical mission, DHS must maintain and safeguard a variety of sensitive law enforcement equip-ment, such as firearms, ammunition, and badges. DHS equipment in the wrong hands could result in loss of life. According to an October 2017 report issued by the DHS Office of Inspector General, the Department does not have adequate requirements to safeguard its sensitive assets. Approximately 2,100 highly sensitive assets were lost be-tween 2014 and 2016. In response to the report, my legislation requires DHS to develop and implement policies to se-cure firearms and other sensitive DHS equipment at the Department. This security measure requires the Under Secretary of Management to dis-seminate a departmentwide directive that includes requirements for securing firearms and sensitive DHS equipment, as well as reporting these require-ments. This measure outlines the respon-sibilities to properly safeguard fire-arms and sensitive assets in accordance with the directive and requires per-sonnel to properly report lost firearms and equipment. This measure was unanimously ap-proved by the Committee on Homeland Security last month and will help fos-ter greater accountability and security within DHS, and I urge passage of this measure. Mr. Speaker, in closing, my legisla-tion is intended to advance the critical mission of DHS by ensuring that fire-arms and sensitive assets are properly safeguarded and maintained. In my home State of California, in 2015, a 27-year-old, Antonio Ramos, was shot and killed with an ICE agent’s stolen 9-millimeter weapon. According to the DHS OIG, failures to safeguard important equipment and assets are still not being properly ad-dressed. Given DHS’ mission, it is es-sential that the DHS workforce prioritize and properly protect the equipment that is critical to their mis-sion. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I, once again, urge my colleagues to sup-port H.R. 4433, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4433, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE RIGHTS OF THE PEOPLE OF IRAN TO FREE EX-PRESSION Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 676) supporting the rights of the people of Iran to free expression, condemning the Iranian re-gime for its crackdown on legitimate protests, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 676 Whereas, on December 28, 2017, popular protests against the Iranian regime began in the city of Mashad and rapidly spread throughout the country, in the most signifi-cant anti-government protests in Iran since June 2009; Whereas the protesters have expressed nu-merous economic grievances, including the regime’s widespread corruption and the Rev-olutionary Guard Corps’ control of the coun-try’s economy; Whereas protesters have decried the re-gime’s costly, destabilizing activities abroad, including its support for terrorist groups such as Hezbollah and the murderous Assad regime in Syria; Whereas reports indicate that more than 1,000 Iranians have been arrested and almost two dozen killed in connection with the pro-tests; Whereas the Iranian regime has shut down mobile internet access and has blocked and pressured companies to cut off social media applications used by activists to organize and publicize the protests; Whereas Congress has provided authority to license the provision of communications technology to Iran to improve the ability of the Iranian people to speak freely; Whereas, on January 1, 2018, regime offi-cials threatened to crack down, with Briga-dier General Esmaeil Kowsari of Iran’s Revo-lutionary Guard Corps stating, ‘‘If this situa-tion continues, the officials will definitely make some decisions and at that point this business will be finished.’’; Whereas Congress has provided authority to designate and sanction elements of the Iranian regime involved in significant cor-ruption and serious human rights abuses; Whereas Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps and its Basij militia have been sanctioned by the United States for planning and carrying out serious human rights abuses against the Iranian people, including for the cruel and prolonged torture of political dissidents; Whereas the regime has routinely violated the human rights of Iranian citizens, includ-ing ongoing, systematic, and serious restric-tions of freedom of peaceful assembly and as-sociation and freedom of opinion and expres-sion, including the continuing closures of media outlets, arrests of journalists, and the censorship of expression in online forums such as blogs and websites; Whereas the Department of State’s 2016 Human Rights Report on Iran noted ‘‘severe restrictions on civil liberties, including the freedoms of assembly, association, speech, religion, and press. Other human rights prob-lems included abuse of due process combined with use of capital punishment for crimes that do not meet the requirements of due process, as well as cruel, inhuman, or degrad-ing treatment or punishment; and disregard for the physical integrity of persons, whom authorities arbitrarily and unlawfully de-tained, tortured, or killed.’’; Whereas, on December 29, 2017, the Depart-ment of State strongly condemned the arrest of peaceful protesters and noted that ‘‘Iran’s leaders have turned a wealthy country with a rich history and culture into an economi-cally depleted rogue state whose chief ex-ports are violence, bloodshed, and chaos.’’; Whereas, on January 1, 2018, the Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Af-fairs of the United Kingdom, Boris Johnson, stated that ‘‘The UK is watching events in Iran closely. We believe that there should be meaningful debate about the legitimate and important issues the protesters are raising and we look to the Iranian authorities to permit this.’’; Whereas, on January 2, 2018, the French Foreign Ministry stated that ‘‘French au-thorities are closely monitoring the situa-tion in Iran. Demonstrating freely is a fun-damental right. The same is true for the free movement of information. France expresses its concern over the large number of victims and arrests.’’; Whereas, on January 1, 2018, a spokesman for the Canadian Ministry of Foreign Affairs stated that ‘‘We call on the Iranian authori-ties to uphold and respect democratic and human rights’’ and ‘‘We are encouraged by the Iranian people who are bravely exer-cising their basic right to protest peacefully. Canada will continue to support the funda-mental rights of the Iranians, including free-dom of expression.’’; Whereas Iran is a member of the United Nations, voted for the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and is a signatory to the International Covenant on Civil and Polit-ical Rights, among other international human rights treaties; and Whereas, in violation of these and other international obligations, Iranian regime of-ficials continue to violate the fundamental human rights of the Iranian people: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.066 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH52 January 9, 2018 
(1) stands with the people of Iran that are engaged in legitimate and peaceful protests against an oppressive, corrupt regime; (2) condemns the Iranian regime’s serious human rights abuses against the Iranian peo-ple, significant corruption, and destabilizing activities abroad; (3) notes the statements of support for the protestors from key allies and calls on all democratic governments and institutions to clearly support the Iranian people’s right to live in a free society; (4) demands that the Iranian regime abide by its international obligations with respect to human rights and civil liberties, including freedoms of assembly, speech, and press; (5) urges the Administration to use tar-geted sanctions and work to convene emer-gency sessions of the United Nations Secu-rity Council and the United Nations Human Rights Council to condemn the ongoing human rights violations perpetrated by the Iranian regime and establish a mechanism by which the Security Council can monitor such violations; (6) encourages the Administration to expe-dite the license of communications tech-nology to Iran to improve the ability of the Iranian people to speak freely; (7) calls on companies to reject requests by the regime to cut off the Iranian people from social media and other communications plat-forms; (8) respects the proud history and rich cul-ture of the Iranian nation and fully supports efforts by the people of Iran to promote the establishment of basic freedoms that build the foundation for the emergence of a freely elected, open, and democratic political sys-tem; and (9) urges the President and the Secretary of State to work with the international com-munity to ensure that violations of human rights are part of all formal and informal multilateral or bilateral discussions with and regarding Iran. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. S
HER-
MAN) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Florida? There was no objection. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chair-man R
OYCE and Ranking Member E
NGEL for their swift action in putting this important and timely resolution together. The world has been witnessing the people of Iran taking to the streets en masse to protest the radical regime in Tehran. They have made it clear that the regime’s policies have done nothing but harm Iran. We have seen large-scale protests in Iran before, most notably in 2009, but these protests are different, Mr. Speak-er. This time, unlike in 2009, America has not shied away from doing the right thing. The administration has ex-pressed vocal support for the people of Iran, and it has warned the regime that we are watching how it responds. The public discontent is palpable, and these protests have exposed the cracks behind the regime’s veneer. For decades, the hardline regime has squandered Iran’s vast resources in pursuit of spreading the revolutionary ideology and of achieving an illicit nu-clear weapons program. The regime’s rule by fear and rule by intimidation—the human rights abuses, the silencing of the opposition, the abuses of ethnic and religious mi-norities, the restrictions imposed against women under sharia law, and the corruption, none of these are being taken anymore, sitting down, by mil-lions of Iranians. Let us not be fooled, Mr. Speaker. Rouhani is no moderate. He is an op-portunist, and he is a lifelong adherent to the regime and its hateful ideology. That is why this resolution is so im-portant. We must make it clear that we truly support the people of Iran and their aspirations for a free and demo-cratic society. Their protests are a ref-erendum on the regime, and we must make it clear to all the regime officials that they will be held accountable for any human rights abuses in response to these protests. But, Mr. Speaker, we must also not lose sight of the bigger picture. These protests are important, and it is impor-tant that we take action on human rights abuses. But this is just one as-pect of the regime’s illicit behavior, and sanctions against human rights violators is but one tool that we have at our disposal. The totality of the re-gime’s nefarious and illicit activity is what the people of Iran are protesting against, and it would be unwise for us to lose focus of that bigger picture. So while it is important that we stand here today in support of the peo-ple of Iran and we make it clear that there will be consequences for human rights abuses, we must make sure that we see the whole board here and con-nect the dots, and that means, Mr. Speaker, using all the tools at our dis-posal, because they are not isolated issues. They are all connected. So, with that, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution and to con-tinue supporting a strong response to all of Iran’s illicit activity and the use of all of the tools that we have at our disposal. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill. In this House, we were on both sides of the Iran nuclear deal, but we were united in knowing that Iran is not an ally of the United States—at least, the Islamic Republic of Iran is not—and this House never agreed to ignore ex-treme human rights abuses simply be-cause the Government of Iran has agreed to limitations on its nuclear program. This resolution puts us on the right side of history by stating that the House of Representatives stands with the people of Iran and condemns the Iranian regime’s serious human rights abuses. It goes on to encourage the ad-ministration to expedite the licensing of communications technology to enti-ties in Iran to improve the ability of the Iranian people to speak freely and also calls on companies around the world not to allow this regime to use any device or any technology to cut the Iranian people from social media and from other communications plat-forms. b1430 We have seen in Iran a people dedi-cated to democracy and dedicated to improving their own lives. Over 1,000 Iranians have been arrested, and at least two dozen have been killed; this in a country with a great history. The Cyrus Cylinder is perhaps the first human rights document in world his-tory. A model of it stands in the United Nations to commemorate the dedica-tion of the Iranian people to human rights. Today, they shout ‘‘No Gaza;’’ ‘‘No Lebanon;’’ ‘‘No Syria;’’ ‘‘My life for Iran,’’ because they know that this re-gime’s involvement in supporting ter-rorism around the world has not only devastated Syria, where Assad clings to power and half a million people have died, not only brings death and de-struction to Lebanon and Yemen, but it has also devastated the Iranian econ-omy, because this regime insists upon supporting Hamas, Hezbollah, and the Houthis. Those are only the terrorist regimes whose names begin with H. Of course, this regime has killed over 5,000 members of the LGBT community solely for who they are and whom they love. This is a regime whose human rights record should, indeed, be criticized by the formal adoption of a resolution by this House of Representatives. I also want to point out that the travel ban or Muslim ban implemented by this administration is harming our efforts to support the Iranian people at this time of crisis. It says that if leaders of these dem-onstrations want to come to my com-munity, where they have tens of thou-sands of Iranian-American supporters, they can’t do it. And if, God forbid, they fear for their lives and want to flee, even if they are carefully vetted, they cannot set foot on American soil. So I look forward to us standing with the people of Iran and eliminating the Muslim ban. I look forward to this House saying that we stand with the people who are putting their lives on the line to fight for democracy. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ), who is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA7.031 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H53 January 9, 2018 
the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Europe and Emerg-ing Threats. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 676, which puts America squarely on the side of courageous Iranians who risk their lives in opposition to the corrup-tion and oppression of the mullah re-gime in Tehran. Iran is a country made up of op-pressed minorities. It is a country made up of Kurds—there are more Kurds in Iran than there are in Iraq— Balochis, Azerias, Arabs, and yes, anticlerical Persians. These people have lived under a regime that terror-izes their population into submission and supports terrorist attacks on other nations. Unlike our last President, who closed his ears to the pleas of the Iranian op-pressed and brutalized people—and also, I might add, facilitated the trans-fer of billions of dollars to that regime in the name of an arms control agree-ment—that President is gone, and our new President is making us proud today by endorsing the rights of those who are struggling for freedom and putting our country and people square-ly on the side of those people who share our values in freedom and justice throughout the world. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. S
CHNEIDER ). Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the bipartisan reso-lution, H. Res. 676, offered by my friends, Chairman E
DROYCE and Rank-ing Member E
LIOT ENGEL , of the House Foreign Affairs Committee. I thank my friend from Florida and my friend from California for leading us in this con-versation today. Less than 2 weeks ago, on December 28, protests began in towns and villages throughout Iran. These quickly and or-ganically grew to become the largest antigovernment demonstrations the country has witnessed since those re-markable demonstrations in the sum-mer of 2009. Iranian citizens have taken to the streets to decry the regime’s corrup-tion, economic mismanagement, and destabilizing activities abroad, includ-ing support for such terrorist groups as Hezbollah. The Iranian people, the good men and women seeking relief from the failings of the current regime, deserve our sup-port. Their voices deserve to be heard. Not surprisingly, the response of the regime in Tehran to these protests have been predictably draconian. News reports suggest dozens of Ira-nians have been killed in the crack-down on protests and more than 1,000 Iranians have been arrested. In an ef-fort to silence the protesters, the Ira-nian Government has blocked access to social media platforms used to orga-nize and spread word of the demonstra-tions. This most recent crackdown is part of a long history of human rights abuses by the Iranian Government, both at home through violent oppres-sion and abroad through funding of groups that support terror. Mr. Speaker, I am proud that last month the House passed my amend-ment to the Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act to help crack down on Iranian human rights abusers and ensure U.S. sanctions are best posi-tioned to improve the human rights situation in Iran. This is but one step. We need to do more to stop Iran’s repression and per-secution of different religious faiths, including Sunni Muslims, Christians, and Baha’is. We need to do more to stop the regime’s arbitrary and unlaw-ful killings. We must do more to pro-tect the Iranian people’s right to free-dom of expression. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Illinois an addi-tional 30 seconds. Mr. SCHNEIDER. This resolution is an opportunity for the American peo-ple to stand with the peaceful Iranian protesters and condemn the maligned activities of the oppressive Iranian re-gime. In the days ahead, I urge this admin-istration to hold the Iranian regime ac-countable to its international human rights obligation as well as work with our allies at the United Nations to con-demn and sanction Iran for its ongoing human rights violations. The Iranian Government is seeking to silence its people. Today’s resolu-tion shows we are watching and that we stand with the people of Iran. I urge my colleagues to support this impor-tant resolution. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), who is the chairman of the Foreign Affairs’ Sub-committee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H. Res. 676 and in solidarity with the people of Iran who courageously took to the streets in the recent weeks to protest their country’s barbaric dicta-torship. I thank my good friends, E
DROYCE  and E
LIOT ENGEL , for their leadership in bringing this resolution to the floor. I also thank the chairwoman emeritus for her tremendous work over the years towards Iran in trying to get a policy that respects fundamental human rights and also ends their barbaric reign of terror and terrorism. Mr. Speaker, over the past several weeks, tens of thousands of Iranians participated in nationwide protests to condemn the corruption, repression, and brutality that together represent the unique legacy of Iran’s nearly 40- year-old authority theocracy. The regime responded with char-acteristic coercion, intimidating activ-ists and employing government-spon-sored thugs and military units to quell the unrest. Approximately 20 pro-testers died in clashes with security forces. At least 1,000 people were ar-rested. I am sure those 1,000 are being tortured as we meet here today. Some estimates place the number closer to 4,000 people. This unrest is the inevitable con-sequence of a dictatorship built on bru-tality and corruption in the service of domestic repression and regional con-quest. Ambassador Haley was abso-lutely right when she told the U.N. Se-curity Council: ‘‘When the rights of the people are denied, the people rightly resist. If the concerns are not acknowl-edged, then peace and security are in-evitably threatened.’’ I am very proud of the work this Con-gress has done over the years. In my subcommittee, we have held hearings on human rights abuses in Iran, includ-ing with Pastor Saeed Abedini, who did a tremendous job with his wife in try-ing to effectuate his relief. We must hold Iran to account for the treatment of the hundreds of jailed protesters and not let their faith be forgotten with the next news cycle. We must work tirelessly to secure the lib-erty of our own citizens, including Xiyue Wang, a graduate student from my own State of New Jersey, who has spent the past 519 days in the Evin Prison complex. Mr. Speaker, again, I urge support of the resolution. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. SUOZZI ), a member of our committee. Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, the people live like paupers while the mullahs live like gods. For weeks, tens of thousands of brave Iranians have courageously stood up in over 70 cities and chanted: ‘‘The people live like paupers while the mullahs live like gods.’’ They challenge their failed govern-ment. They have done so in the face of violent repression, imprisonment, tor-ture, and even death. Why? They are fed up. They are fed up with poverty and unemployment; fed up with economic depravation and ramp-ant corruption; fed up with an oppres-sive theocratic regime that mis-manages their own country, mistreats its own people, and spends billions of dollars sowing the seeds of war and funding terrorists while its people suf-fer. Ayatollahs recklessly pursued nu-clear weapons instead of creating jobs and building infrastructure for their own people. The regime’s apologists have long argued that these policies are popular and they give Iranians a national sense of pride, restoring their place as a regional power. A regional power? It is more like regional thugs. In Iraq, Iranian-backed militias have executed and beat civilians, looted homes, and destroyed people’s lives. In 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.070 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH54 January 9, 2018 
Lebanon, Iranian-backed Hezbollah aims tens of thousands of rockets at Israeli citizens. Syria backs Bashar al- Assad’s vicious regime. Iran sends weapons and money to militants in Yemen, Bahrain, and Gaza. It has be-come the biggest purveyor of mayhem in the Middle East, pouring billions of dollars into nefarious activities while their own people are impoverished. Today, I rise with my colleagues to support the Iranian protesters and the bipartisan H. Res. 676. The United States and our allies should use the menu of sanctions available to us to target human rights violators and the Ayatollah’s thugs who forcefully re-press their fellow citizens. We must ensure the protesters have access to social media, and we must let them know that we support them. Aya-tollahs must know that the free world is watching. The people live like paupers while the mullahs live like gods. The time has come for the people to rise up and change it. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL), the chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security, as well as a senior member on the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this resolu-tion condemning the Iranian regime’s crackdown on legitimate protests and to show the world that America stands with the Iranian people who want peace, prosperity, and freedom. For many years, we have known the regime in Iran has fueled radicalism and violence across the Middle East as the world’s leading state sponsor of terror. But over the last few weeks, we have seen the brutal tactics Iran’s leaders are willing to take to silence protesters who are fed up with extre-mism, corruption, and incompetence coming from their capital. The pro-testers deserve to have their voices heard without fear of retaliation. Today, Iranians are not citizens who are free to choose their own destinies. They are subject to a fanatical dicta-torship that fears the people it rules by denying their freedoms. Sadly, the Obama administration be-lieved that the Ayatollah and his rad-ical clerics would be willing partners for peace, naively rewarding them with billions of dollars in sanction relief. It is clear, however, that, since the sign-ing of the flawed Iran deal, the re-gime’s behavior has only gotten worse by continuing its support for terror groups like Hezbollah and its backing of Houthi rebels in Yemen, all in pur-suit of establishing a Shia crescent. Fortunately, the current administra-tion and this Congress will not be so easily fooled or complicit in their for-eign adventurism. Leaders of rogue states will say whatever they must to bring unearned concessions from great powers. But if it is real change that is de-sired, we must apply more pressure. We cannot trust a country’s government to be peaceful with other nations if it re-sorts to violence against its own people it is supposed to protect. That is why I will soon introduce leg-islation that requires the Trump ad-ministration to determine whether sen-ior members of the Government of Iran are responsible or complicit in human rights abuses, corruption, or censor-ship. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Texas an ad-ditional 30 seconds. b1445 Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, the bill also calls out the Iranian regime’s practice of taking American citizens and other foreign nationals hostage, and lays out several steps the adminis-tration should take in conjunction with our allies to put an end to this practice. A time will come when the tyrants of Tehran are held accountable for their actions. After many decades of authori-tarian rule, Iranians deserve to be free. When democracy finally does flourish in Iran, the people will remember who stood by their side. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Flor-ida (Mr. D
EUTCH ). Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, in the past couple of weeks, tens of thousands of Iranian citizens from a broad cross- section of society took to the streets to demand accountability and change in their country. This was the largest mass protest since the Green Revolu-tion in 2009. Tragically, both ended in the same predictable darkness: harsh govern-ment crackdowns in which innocent peaceful protesters were arrested, were jailed, and were killed. In the latest episode, more than 3,700 Iranian protesters were arrested and nearly two dozen were killed. The Ira-nian people deserve better and they de-serve the support of all peoples who value and yearn for freedom. Today’s resolution sends an impor-tant message to the Iranian people, that we stand with them in their legiti-mate pursuit of reforms from a regime that would silence their voices and steal their fundamental liberties. I also believe we should do more. I am proud to have introduced with Chairman M
CCAUL, along with support of Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Mem-ber E
NGEL , the Iran Human Rights and Hostage-Taking Accountability Act that goes one step further than con-demnation to actually impose sanc-tions against those Iranian officials perpetrating these egregious human rights violations, as well as those re-sponsible for kidnapping Americans, Americans like my own constituent, Bob Levinson, who has now spent more than 10 years in captivity. Last week, we welcomed in a new year, and Bob’s family again ushered in that new year without Bob by their side. For his sake and for the sake of the Iranian people trying to hold their own regime accountable for caring more about Assad and Hamas than they do about helping their own citi-zens, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H. Res. 676 to help bring the Iran Human Rights and Hostage-Tak-ing Accountability Act to the floor, and let’s make sure that human rights remain exactly where they should in American foreign policy, right at the center of our agenda. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE), the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, who tells it just like it is. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, make no doubt about it, the number one terrorist in the world is the Ayatollah in charge of the butch-ery against his own people in Iran. He is the number one guy—the most want-ed man in the world, as far as I am con-cerned, for terrorism lies at his feet. He, along with the mullahs of Iran, continues to crack down violently on the people of Iran who are exercising a human right to protest the government that is in charge. The regime’s bru-tality against its people knows no limit. To silence the crimes of the Aya-tollah in Iran, they have blocked much of the internet and social media, in-cluding the telegram and Instagram. We must make sure that this impor-tant line of communication stays open for the Iranian people. In 2009, there were about 1 million folks in Iran who had access to social media. Now there are about 20 million people, I understand, who have access to social media. Our administration must make sure that the American businesses and technology are still available to allow the Iranian people to document the regime’s crimes against the people. The Iranian people can bring about change on their own, but we must help by providing the necessary tools to em-power democratic movements that the mullahs stand in fear of. Mr. Speaker, in 2009, the Iranians rose up against the mullahs, but our government merely watched the arena of freedom in the streets of Iran while our government sat in the stands as a spectator. This is not a spectator sport. This is about freedom and human dig-nity. The United States must politically, publicly, and economically support the people of Iran and let them know we will not be in the stands as a spectator any longer, and we must penalize the mullahs and the Ayatollah economi-cally for their crimes. And that is just the way it is. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.071 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H55 January 9, 2018 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank both gentlemen from Cali-fornia for their leadership and for their very important work on a very impor-tant crisis fight for human rights and freedom. Just yesterday I rose to the floor of the House to recount my experience over the weekend joining the Iranian- American community in Houston on a busy corner at Post Oak and Westheimer. We joined together as Americans to begin to articulate that there is no divide when it comes to the freedom of speech, freedom for all to have access to protests and democracy. So today I rise to support H. Res. 676, and I rise to speak in horror of the 1,000 Iranians that have been arrested and almost two dozen killed. We mourn their loss. We recognize that it has to be all of us, our allies included, that must stand and join in the language of this resolution, and it is, of course, to ensure that sanctions are pointedly targeted at those who want to oppress the protesters. Interestingly enough, the protesters are now from rural and the middle class. The questions of the economy are very much a part of it, that Ira-nians are not able to live and to be able to have economic opportunity. Their young people have no growth. So this is far reaching, which is, of course, sur-prising to the regime. They were hoping to quash this. They have no answers. And the answers should be a concerted, committed, and dedicated group of allies, including the United States, leading in efforts to sup-port these protesters. So I rise today to join in standing with the people of Iran in their legiti-mate and peaceful protest. I ask that the regime be condemned, and I ask that the communications, Mr. Speaker, be allowed to continue and that our companies don’t reject—— The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California for yielding. I believe it is so important that the communication—the work that we are getting ready to do here in the United States, to provide communications technology, needs to go forward. We must include in our petition—meaning our petition as Members of Congress— that our companies do not deny or quash the rights of Iranians to commu-nicate with each other for peace, free-dom, and democracy. Our message to the regime is: it is time to open the doors of freedom in Iran. Iranian Americans, Americans, the United States Congress, and, of course, all of our government stand for peace, freedom, dignity, and democracy for the people of Iran. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from California (Mr. R OYCE ), and I ask unanimous consent that he control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Florida? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) is recognized. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today we stand with the people of Iran. We stand with people who are engaged in legitimate protests against an oppressive, corrupt regime. There is a certain irony to this. This is a great people, the people of Iran. It was the Persian king, Cyrus the Great, who drafted the first declaration of human rights, the Cyrus Cylinder. As you enter the United Nations, you see this quotation from him. This was a document meant to protect other cul-tures and it secured a special place in the history of civilization. His humani-tarian values that he laid out of free-dom for all peoples, respect for culture, for religious liberty, recognition of the fact that it is better to be loved than to be feared, these are remarkable at-tributes, especially at that point in time, and they were handed down as part of this deep Persian culture. We, who live in free societies, owe a great debt to the Iranian people. They are the heirs to this culture. They are those who hold those values and ideas for governance that originally inspired the European Enlightenment, leaders of our own government here, our own Founding Fathers. It was Thomas Jef-ferson who told his grandson: These are the ideals you study first of Cyrus the Great in terms of governance. Now, it is amazing that Iranians at this moment enjoy far fewer rights than their forefathers did. Cyrus was lauded for the protections he offered religious and ethnic minorities. We look at the state of affairs today and we see the repression of Iran’s ethnic and religious minority populations from the Azerbaijanis to the Balochs, from the Kurds and the Arabs to the Baha’is and the Christians and the Zoroastrians. You know, the regime authorities routinely deny those citizens the most basic human rights, and they do it through harassment and intimidation and detention and violence. And if you want to know what kind of violence, talk to the young Persians or talk to the young minorities who suffered through the torture in those prisons. Why do they suffer through it? Because they are trying to bring at-tention to the oppressiveness of that regime. Those young people yearn for human rights. They stand for the cele-brated culture of the Persian people and for human rights. As this resolu-tion makes clear, the United States House of Representatives fully sup-ports those who have taken to the streets in Iran to exercise the funda-mental freedom of expression and as-sembly. We join them in the hope that their bravery will build the foundation for the emergence of a freely elected, open democratic political system in Iran. It is a moral imperative to support those who risk their lives demanding the freedoms that people in free societies enjoy every day. That is why this resolution calls on all democratic governments and insti-tutions worldwide to join us in clearly supporting the Iranian people’s right to live in a free society. We all face a clear choice. We stand with the pro-testers and we stand with those who demand the basic rights and opportuni-ties enjoyed in free societies. We are not going to stand with the oppressors, those who steal the wealth of a great nation to enrich themselves and to fund violence abroad. Sup-porting the people of Iran is a strategic imperative. These brave men and women are standing up against the Revolutionary Guard’s violent inter-vention in Syria and Lebanon as well. We must join them in demanding an end to the single greatest source of in-stability in the Middle East, and this is this obsession that the regime has with this ideology. In standing with the Iranian people, we must explain that they are not the target of our sanctions. U.S. sanctions target the oppressive destabilizing re-gime, not the people of Iran. That is why, as this resolution makes clear, Congress has provided authority to li-cense communications technology that improves the ability of the Iranian peo-ple to speak freely. Today we call on the agencies in-volved to expedite those licenses. U.S. international broadcasting must also turn up the volume of its efforts in Iran and convey a message of hope and support. This should be conveyed by the young that know that this debate today in the American people’s House is about this issue. Iranians must know that they are not alone in their strug-gle for freedom. We also call on companies to reject requests by the regime to cut off the Iranian people from social media. b1500 These technologies are at their best when they are used to empower people and undermine the efforts of oppressive regimes. There is more we can do, and I wel-come Chairman M
CCAULand Congress-man D
EUTCH ’s introduction of bipar-tisan legislation that will give the ad-ministration greater leverage to target those responsible for ordering and car-rying out human rights abuses in Iran. This includes the regime’s practice of holding Americans and other foreigners hostage. Many of the regime’s hostages are people of Iranian descent who came to visit family members, came to visit loved ones. I am also working to introduce legis-lation that has the same goal as those who have bravely taken to the streets: to push the corrupt revolutionary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.074 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH56 January 9, 2018 
guard out of the Iranian economy. In doing so, it seeks to deny the guards the funds they use to hold power over the Iranian people while destabilizing Syria and destabilizing Lebanon. Mr. Speaker, Congress and the ad-ministration have a great opportunity. We must work together on an approach to Iran that empowers the Iranian peo-ple and targets the corrupt regime which oppresses a great people. We can-not be quiet with the passage of this resolution. We state that America stands with the Iranian people. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I com-mend our committee chairman for an outstanding speech. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
OTTHEIMER ). Mr. GOTTHEIMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a proud cosponsor of H. Res. 676, to urge support for this bipar-tisan resolution to help stop terror. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman R
OYCE and my good friend Ranking Member E
LIOT ENGEL for their leader-ship on this issue, and I am glad that this bipartisan resolution has pro-ceeded swiftly to a vote on the House floor. Mr. Speaker, the revolution of 1979 marked an enormous step backwards for global security and for the basic rights of the Iranian people, the long-est suffering victims of this corrupt terrorist regime. From its very beginnings, the Islamic Republic of Iran, under the control of its Supreme Leaders, has repeatedly violated the fundamental human rights of its own citizens. In August, the U.N. Special Reporter on the Situation of Human Rights in Iran highlighted the Khamenei re-gime’s many ongoing abuses, ‘‘includ-ing the arbitrary detention and pros-ecution of individuals for their legiti-mate exercise of a broad range of rights; the persecution of human rights defenders, journalists, students, trade union leaders, and artists; a high level of executions, including of juvenile of-fenders; the use of torture and ill treat-ment; widespread violations of the right to a fair trial and due process of law, especially before revolutionary courts; and a high level of discrimina-tion against women and religious and ethnic minorities.’’ Beginning late last month, protestors across the country have taken to the streets to decry their dismal economic prospects; Iran’s costly, aggressive, and destabilizing actions throughout the region; and an antidemocratic regime that stifles their rights and aspirations and supports terror. These brave men and women, engaged in peaceful dem-onstrations, have every right to de-mand change from their corrupt and oppressive terrorist government. While Iranians live under a brutal, authoritarian mullahcracy at home, their government insists on bankrolling terror throughout the re-gion. Iran has capitalized on sanctions relief, bolstering its arsenal of conven-tional arms and its illegal ballistic missile program, and increasing the funding of heinous terrorist organiza-tions and proxies in Lebanon, Yemen, and Iraq, as well as propping up the murderous regime of Bashar al-Assad in Syria. As the world’s leading sponsor of ter-ror, Iran provides more than $800 mil-lion, annually, to Hezbollah and re-cently renewed its support for Hamas. Iranian-backed forces are also attempt-ing to gain a foothold in Syria, right up against Israel’s border, to threaten our vital ally and the leading democ-racy in the region. There should be nothing partisan about having the backs of brave men and women anywhere who risk death to speak out for what is right and against a terrorist regime. This bipartisan res-olution condemns the regime’s censor-ship, violent crackdowns, and system-atic repression. We must send a clear message to Iran that its destructive be-havior throughout the Middle East will not be tolerated. Mr. Speaker, the time has come for the people of Iran to enjoy their funda-mental right to a peaceful and demo-cratic government. I urge each of my colleagues to join me in supporting this bipartisan resolution to help stop terror. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ). Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, simple things mean a lot. That is why I, too, stand in support of H. Res. 676, which sends a clear mes-sage that the United States strongly condemns the arrest of peaceful protestors by the rogue Iranian regime. Mr. Speaker, the Iranian people de-serve to be free. The last administra-tion witnessed such protests about 8 years ago and turned its back. The world saw that America turned their back on the freedom effort and move-ment in Iran. The current administration has no-ticed immediately and recognized im-mediately, and we are here today to say that no longer will terrorism be ap-peased; no longer should we help pay for the funding of Hezbollah and Hamas through payments in the Iran nuclear deal. Simple things mean a lot, and simple things like this resolution, Mr. Speak-er, mean that we stand with the Ira-nian people who breathe and live to be free, just like we do. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AGNER ), a mem-ber of the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, thank you for demonstrating that the House of Representatives stands with the peo-ple of Iran and condemns the country’s brutal regime. I rise today to applaud the Iranian people, who are struggling for dignity, human rights, and economic security under a shadow of oppression. We are a hemisphere away, but our hearts are with the brave men and women who are raising their voices in hopes that they will finally be free from the reins of tyranny. The Iranian people are protesting the abuses of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, and we must support their outrage by severely punishing and containing the IRGC with suffo-cating sanctions. We must work with our allies to help Iranians communicate on the internet without restrictions. We must broad-cast footage from protestors and hold authorities accountable for abuses. America is an enthusiastic friend of the Iranian people. We are thrilled to support their aspirations for justice and liberty, and we stand with them as they take to the streets and demand an end to oppression. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee). The time of the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) has expired. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. R
OYCE ), and I ask unani-mous consent that he be able to con-trol that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ). Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in favor of this resolution dem-onstrating our support for the Iranian people’s cry for democracy. On December 28, 2017, tens of thou-sands of Iranians courageously poured into the streets to protest the bru-tality of President Rouhani’s regime. Instead of caring for its own people, the Iranian regime focuses all of its en-ergy on suffocating their cry, mur-dering protestors, while choking off communication via the internet and social media apps. We have been down this road before. This is our second chance. The Iranian people, smothered by their own government, look to us, and, instead of the chill of silence, this time, they are rightfully met with the full, immediate, and resounding sup-port of the United States. We stand in solidarity with millions of Iranians desperate for support to help them turn the tide in Tehran and all throughout Iran. The people of Iran will be losing a great champion with the retirement of Chairman R
OYCE , who has served over the course of the last three terms as chairman of our committee. The fight continues. Mr. Speaker, I support this resolu-tion. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.076 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H57 January 9, 2018 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, this is a bipartisan res-olution. It will put America and this Congress on the side of the Iranian peo-ple. Regardless of which side you are on as to the nuclear deal, we are all dedi-cated to peace and democracy in Iran and an end to its support for terrorism around the world, support that not only causes damage outside Iran’s bor-ders but, as the demonstrators shout-ing in over 50 Iranian cities have clear-ly indicated, devastates the economy of Iran. To us here in Washington, we may believe that the face of this regime is that of Foreign Minister Zarif, the dap-per, debonair diplomat, meeting with us in Geneva and Vienna. But the real face of this regime is that of Alan Kurdi, the 3-year-old Kurdish child found washed up on the beach in Tur-key after fleeing the war in Syria, a war that has claimed nearly 500,000 lives because, and only because, Assad has been propped up by the Iranian re-gime. The other faces of this regime are the real faces of Iranian protestors who put their lives on the line for the freedom of their country. Mr. Speaker, this is a bill that de-serves the support of both sides of the aisle. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 676. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
TAIWAN TRAVEL ACT Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 535) to encourage visits between the United States and Taiwan at all levels, and for other pur-poses. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 535 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Taiwan Travel Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The Taiwan Relations Act (22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.), enacted in 1979, has continued for 37 years to be a cornerstone of relations between the United States and Taiwan and has served as an anchor for peace and secu-rity in the Western Pacific area. (2) The Taiwan Relations Act declares that peace and stability in the Western Pacific area are in the political, security, and eco-nomic interests of the United States and are matters of international concern. (3) The United States considers any effort to determine the future of Taiwan by other than peaceful means, including by boycotts or embargoes, a threat to the peace and secu-rity of the Western Pacific area and of grave concern to the United States. (4) Taiwan has succeeded in a momentous transition to democracy beginning in the late 1980s and has been a beacon of democ-racy in Asia, and Taiwan’s democratic achievements inspire many countries and people in the region. (5) Visits to a country by United States cabinet members and other high-ranking of-ficials are an indicator of the breadth and depth of ties between the United States and such country. (6) Since the enactment of the Taiwan Re-lations Act, relations between the United States and Taiwan have suffered from insuf-ficient high-level communication due to the self-imposed restrictions that the United States maintains on high-level visits with Taiwan. SEC. 3. SENSE OF CONGRESS; STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States Government should encourage visits between officials from the United States and Taiwan at all levels. (b) S
TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It should be the policy of the United States to— (1) allow officials at all levels of the United States Government, including cabinet-level national security officials, general officers, and other executive branch officials, to trav-el to Taiwan to meet their Taiwanese coun-terparts; (2) allow high-level officials of Taiwan to enter the United States, under conditions which demonstrate appropriate respect for the dignity of such officials, and to meet with officials of the United States, including officials from the Department of State and the Department of Defense and other cabinet agencies; and (3) encourage the Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office, and any other instrumentality established by Tai-wan, to conduct business in the United States, including activities which involve participation by Members of Congress, offi-cials of Federal, State, or local governments of the United States, or any high-level offi-cial of Taiwan. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. S
HERMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 535, the Taiwan Travel Act, and I recognize Mr. CHABOT for his long-standing dedication and support to the people of Taiwan. Mr. Speaker, Taiwan succeeded in a momentous transition, a transition which took them to democracy. They did this decades ago, and since, it has become a beacon of democracy across the Asia-Pacific. Taiwan is a strong friend and critical partner to the United States. Congress has been central to this longstanding bond, championing a strong relation-ship with Taiwan through a number of landmark measures, like the Taiwan Relations Act, impressing successive administrations to fulfill their obliga-tion to sell defensive arms to Taiwan. Today, Congress continues this legacy with this Taiwan Travel Act, which has gained strong, bipartisan support. We should encourage our officials to visit Taipei, to meet with their demo-cratically elected counterparts on the many issues, the many programs, that we work on together, such as global health, commercial ties, global co-operation and training, the framework that we have in place. We should also welcome Taiwanese officials here. Mr. Speaker, there are, in fact, no laws that bar our executive branch offi-cials at any level from visiting Taiwan. The EPA Administrator in 2014 was the last executive branch official to visit Taiwan. A total of six Cabinet-level of-ficials have visited Taiwan since 1979. As our 10th largest trading partner, Taiwan deserves more attention. U.S. interests in the region deserve more re-spect. This bill encourages officials, at all levels of the U.S. Government, in-cluding Cabinet-level officials, to trav-el to Taiwan to meet their counter-parts and vice versa. b1515 Mr. Speaker, we must build stronger ties in our relationship with Taiwan. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this legislation, H.R. 535, the Taiwan Travel Act. I am pleased to have joined with Congressman C
HABOT in introducing this bill, the Taiwan Travel Act. Taiwan is not just an important trad-ing partner, our 14th largest market. It is not just a land of 23 million people. It is a democratic ally of the United States, a place where our values are displayed in the Asia-Pacific region. Yet it would be surprising for most Americans to know that leaders from Taiwan are not allowed to visit the United States under any reasonable format. Instead, the President of Tai-wan cannot visit Washington, D.C., but can visit Los Angeles for a refueling stop on the way to Costa Rica. What an absurd fiction that the President of Taiwan would fly across the Pacific again and again to visit their friends in Costa Rica or other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.077 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH58 January 9, 2018 
Central American countries and that the refueling stop in the United States is just a 2-day effort to put fuel on a jet plane. Now, my district actually benefits from this, because when the President and several different officials of Tai-wan come to America, they refuel at Los Angeles Airport and they come to the Sheraton Universal Hotel in the 30th Congressional District. But in spite of the benefit both in terms of image and the economy that the cur-rent situation provides for the 30th District, it is time for us to grow up and it is time for us to realize that Tai-wan is a vital ally and that its most important leaders should be visiting Washington, D.C., and talking not only to the legislative branch, but talking to the executive branch as well. We should no longer be in a cir-cumstance where, when Members of Congress from other parts of the coun-try want to visit with the President of Taiwan, they have to fly to Universal City and stay at the Sheraton in my district and visit there. We could communicate far better if the President of Taiwan was able to land at Dulles and be in the halls of Congress. This bill simply says that it is time to encourage travel of the high-ranking officials of each country to the other and meetings at the highest levels. These are important steps in ending this effort to isolate Taiwan, because by encouraging a greater level of high- level visits and dialogue, we would ease Taiwan’s international isolation and reaffirm that the U.S. has a political and security commitment to the free-dom of Taiwan. Mr. Speaker, I commend Mr. C
HABOT  for introducing this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 4 minutes to the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN ), the chairman emeritus of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank our esteemed chairman for his years of service to our country. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support H.R. 535, the Taiwan Travel Act, au-thored by my good friend and col-league, Chairman S
TEVE CHABOT . Over the years, Steve and I have worked closely together on our Foreign Affairs Committee, and his commitment and leadership on strengthening U.S.-Tai-wan relations has been second to none. We have worked to shift U.S. policy on Taiwan to a more favorable position for our friend and ally, Taiwan, rather than an acquiescent policy that U.S. administration after U.S. administra-tion continued to implement out of fear from a Chinese economic retalia-tion or diplomatic retaliation or mili-tary retaliation. Frankly, Mr. Speaker, it is a shame that we continue to allow China to dic-tate our foreign policy when it comes to Taiwan. The Taiwanese have been great partners for the United States, whereas China seeks to undermine ev-erything we do, yet administration after administration have gone so far as to self-impose restrictions and self- impose limitations in our dealings with Taiwan, and that includes a self-im-posed restriction on allowing the Tai-wanese President and other high-rank-ing government officials from Taipei from coming to Washington, D.C., to meet with Congress, to meet with ad-ministration officials, to meet with other policymakers. This is uncon-scionable, and this farce needs to end. We should have direct dialogue with the democratically elected leadership of our ally, Taiwan, and we should not allow China or the fear of Chinese re-prisal to dictate this. Without this, we are putting our-selves at a disadvantage. We are harm-ing and insulting an ally. Most impor-tantly, Mr. Speaker, we are damaging our national security interests and giv-ing China, in effect, a veto over our for-eign policy decisions. That is why Mr. CHABOT ’s bill is so important, Mr. Speaker. The Taiwan Travel Act states that it should be U.S. policy to not only allow visits from Taiwanese officials at all levels of the government, but to encourage these visits, to facilitate these visits. It also states that our own policy-makers, including at the highest levels of our government, should visit Taiwan for face-to-face meetings with their counterparts. Mr. Speaker, the United States is a global leader. We are a sovereign na-tion. Who we choose to meet with and who we choose to recognize is our sov-ereign right. We should not allow China or anyone else to impact our de-cision. For far too long, America has allowed China to prevent us from tak-ing full advantage of our partnership with Taiwan. The Taiwan Travel Act is an impor-tant step toward doing the right thing for our friend and ally, and I hope that the administration will reverse these damaging policies. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, the chairman of our esteemed com-mittee, for the time. I urge all of our colleagues to support Mr. C
HABOT ’s bill. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ), who is the author of this bill. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership on this. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of all three of these overwhelmingly bi-partisan bills. First, I would like to speak on H.R. 535, the Taiwan Travel Act, a bill which I introduced this Congress along with my colleague, Congressman S
HER-
MAN. We appreciate his support on this and a lot of other issues in this Con-gress, Chairman R
OYCE and other Mem-bers as well. For close to 4 decades now, the 1979 Taiwan Relations Act has served as a cornerstone of U.S.-Taiwan relations, and together, with President Reagan’s six assurances, we have maintained peace and stability and security in the Asia-Pacific region. However, there are still major steps that we can take to further strengthen the U.S.-Taiwan re-lationship. I believe one of the most important improvements that we can make is to allow the President of Taiwan and other high-ranking officials, like Tai-wan’s foreign and defense ministers, to visit Washington, our Nation’s Capital, something that is currently prohibited. This is our own self-imposed policy and it is outrageous. These restrictions are only carried out because of potential diplomatic retaliation from the PRC, from China. Personally, I think restricting high- level visits by senior Taiwanese offi-cials is not only insulting, but it is counterproductive. We should be encouraging more di-rect dialogue with the democratically elected President of Taiwan and other highest elected officials. We let the leaders of China, the PRC, come to Washington on a regular basis and we give them the highest honors, yet we shun the democratically elected leaders of our longtime ally, Taiwan. We need to send a strong signal that the current approach to bilateral con-tacts and communications between the U.S. and Taiwan is outdated and it is time for it to go and be changed, and that is what this bill is all about. If we seriously want to promote greater democracy in the region, we should be as supportive as possible to the countries that are actually prac-ticing democracy, and that is what Taiwan does. It is a longtime ally of ours. That is exactly why I introduced the Taiwan Travel Act along, again, with Congressman SHERMAN and Chairman R
OYCE a year ago—January 13, 2017, to be exact. This bill, which has broad, bipartisan support from a long list of cosponsors, states that our government should en-courage visits between the U.S. and Taiwan at all levels. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to quickly voice my support for H.R. 3320, a bill championed by my friend and colleague, Chairman T
EDYOHO. This bill directs the Department of State to assist Taiwan in regaining observer status in the World Health Organiza-tion, WHO. Unfortunately, Taiwan has been excluded from participating in most of the really important inter-national organizations, including the WHO, for almost 50 years now. Many of my colleagues and I have ad-vocated for years for Taiwan’s mean-ingful participation in the WHO, much to the dismay of China, which has con-sistently thwarted these efforts. Taiwan’s exclusion from the WHO creates a dangerous and unnecessary gap in global health, especially consid-ering the stellar health research and medical resources Taiwan has to offer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.087 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H59 January 9, 2018 
That is why H.R. 3320 is so important. WHO membership for Taiwan is not only in the best interests of Taiwan, it is in the best interests of the rest of the world, including the United States. Mr. Speaker, lastly, I want to voice my support for H. Res. 676, Chairman R
OYCE ’s and Ranking Member E NGEL ’s resolution supporting the rights of the people of Iran and condemning the Ira-nian regime for its crackdown on le-gitimate protesters. This is a common-sense measure. The current regime in Iran has never respected human rights or the rule of law. The recent situation in Iran only underscores this reality. I am pleased to see my colleagues quickly condemning the atrocities by that government this very day; how-ever, I want to take this opportunity to stress the importance of remembering the big picture in Iran. It is a country, let’s face it, that is being run by thugs. Not only do they perpetrate violence and marginalize their own people, they harbor, promote, and finance terrorism throughout the region. They threaten America and its allies. They continue to develop ballistic missiles, which we know that one day they would like to have tipped with nuclear devices. That could be a threat not just to our allies in the region, but the United States. This most recent outbreak of civil unrest in the country should not be a surprise, considering the Iranian re-gime’s ruthless tactics. Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues join me in support of this measure also and take further steps to hold Iran ac-countable for both its domestic and international violations. I urge my col-leagues to support all three of these measures. Mr. Speaker, I again want to thank the gentlemen from California, Chair-man R
OYCE and Mr. S HERMAN , for their support on these and other measures. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, every year, China threatens Taiwan, attempts to strangle that democracy, bases missiles just over the Taiwan Straits, conducts mili-tary exercises designed to simulate an invasion, hurts the economy of Taiwan, and hurts the people of Taiwan. b1530 What is the mildest possible response that the United States could make to these provocative and hostile actions? It is the adoption of the Taiwan Travel Act, H.R. 535, to simply have meetings with Taiwanese officials and simply allow them to land, even at those air-ports in the United States inconven-ient for refueling on the way to Costa Rica. We should welcome the leaders of Taiwan as we welcome the leaders of other allies of the United States, and this is the mildest answer we could make to the saber-rattling from Bei-jing. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am a decades-long supporter of Taiwan; and as chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, I have made supporting stronger U.S.- Taiwan economic and security ties a priority for our committee. I have traveled to Taiwan many times, as have members of the committee. I really want to thank Chairman CHABOT for introducing this important measure, and I want to thank him for being a long-time champion for Tai-wan, especially when he was chairman of the Asia and the Pacific Sub-committee. The U.S. and Taiwan share a common commitment, and that commitment is to democracy, the rule of law, and human rights. Taiwan’s successes serve as an example of what can be built on these important principles. We should be supporting countries that have achieved democracy to serve as an in-spiration for those values across the world. The Taiwan Travel Act is important because it will encourage more inter-action between the U.S. and Taiwan. This is long overdue. It is needed, and I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H.R. 535. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 535. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DIRECTING THE SECRETARY OF STATE TO DEVELOP A STRAT-EGY TO REGAIN OBSERVER STA-TUS FOR TAIWAN IN THE WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3320) to direct the Secretary of State to develop a strat-egy to regain observer status for Tai-wan in the World Health Organization, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3320 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. PARTICIPATION OF TAIWAN IN THE WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The World Health Organization (WHO) is a specialized agency of the United Nations, charged with coordinating health efforts within the United Nations system. The World Health Assembly (WHA) is the deci-sion-making body of the WHO, which con-venes annually in May to set the policies and priorities of the organization. Statehood is not a requirement for attendance at the WHA, and numerous observers, including non-members and non-governmental organi-zations, attended the most recent WHA in May 2017. (2) Taiwan began seeking to participate in the WHO as an observer in 1997. In 2009, with strong support from successive United States Administrations, Congress, and like-minded WHO Member States, and during a period of improved Cross-Strait relations, Taiwan re-ceived an invitation to attend the WHA as an observer under the name ‘‘Chinese Taipei’’. Taiwan received the same invitation each year until 2016, when following the election of President Tsai-Ing Wen of the Democratic Progressive Party, Taiwan’s engagement in the international community began facing increased resistance from the People’s Re-public of China (PRC). Taiwan’s invitation to the 2016 WHA was received late and included new language conditioning Taiwan’s partici-pation on the PRC’s ‘‘one China principle’’. In 2017, Taiwan did not receive an invitation to the WHA. (3) Taiwan remains a model contributor to world health, having provided financial and technical assistance to respond to numerous global health challenges. Taiwan has in-vested over $6 billion in international med-ical and humanitarian aid efforts impacting over 80 countries since 1996. In 2014, Taiwan responded to the Ebola crisis by donating $1 million and providing 100,000 sets of personal protective equipment. Through the Global Cooperation and Training Framework, the United States and Taiwan have jointly con-ducted training programs for experts to com-bat MERS, Dengue Fever, and Zika. These diseases know no borders, and Taiwan’s needless exclusion from global health co-operation increases the dangers presented by global pandemics. (4) Taiwan’s international engagement has faced increased resistance from the PRC. Taiwan was not invited to the 2016 Assembly of the International Civil Aviation Organiza-tion (ICAO), despite participating as a guest at the organization’s prior summit in 2013. Taiwan’s request to participate in the 2016 General Assembly of the International Criminal Police Organization (INTERPOL) was also rejected. In May 2017, PRC delegates disrupted a meeting of the Kimberley Proc-ess on conflict diamonds held in Perth, Aus-tralia, until delegates from Taiwan were asked to leave. In June 2017, the Republic of Panama granted diplomatic recognition to the PRC, terminating a longstanding diplo-matic relationship with Taiwan. (5) Congress has established a policy of support for Taiwan’s participation in inter-national bodies that address shared transnational challenges, particularly in the WHO. Congress passed H.R. 1794 in the 106th Congress, H.R. 428 in the 107th Congress, and S. 2092 in the 108th Congress to direct the Secretary of State to establish a strategy for, and to report annually to Congress on, efforts to obtain observer status for Taiwan at the WHA. Congress also passed H.R. 1151 in the 113th Congress, directing the Sec-retary to report on a strategy to gain ob-server status for Taiwan at the ICAO Assem-bly, and H.R. 1853 in the 114th Congress, di-recting the Secretary to report on a strategy to gain observer status for Taiwan at the INTERPOL Assembly. However, in 2016 Tai-wan did not receive invitations to attend any of these events as an observer. (b) A
UGMENTATION OF REPORT CONCERNING  
THEPARTICIPATION OF TAIWAN IN THE WORLD  H
EALTH ORGANIZATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (c) of section 1 of Public Law 108–235 (118 Stat. 656) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.082 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH60 January 9, 2018 
‘‘(3) An account of the changes and im-provements the Secretary of State has made to the United States plan to endorse and ob-tain observer status for Taiwan at the World Health Assembly, following any annual meetings of the World Health Assembly at which Taiwan did not obtain observer sta-tus.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect and apply beginning with the first report re-quired under subsection (c) of section 1 of Public Law 108–235 that is submitted after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. S
HERMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO), the author of this impor-tant bill which counters the harmful and unacceptable efforts being made to undermine Taiwan’s inclusion at the World Health Organization. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman, Mr. R
OYCE , for offering this bill, or the opportunity to offer this bill. I would also like to say I, too, sup-port H.R. 535, the Taiwan Travel Act. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3320, a bill that directs the Secretary of State to develop a strategy to regain observer status for Taiwan in the World Health Organization. I would like to give particular thanks to Chair-man R
OYCE , Ranking Member E NGEL , and Ranking Member S
HERMAN for sup-porting this bill and working with me to advance it through the committee process. Mr. Speaker, over the last few years, the People’s Republic of China has stepped up its campaign to marginalize Taiwan. Last year, Beijing poached one of Taiwan’s few remaining diplomatic partners, the Republic of Panama. Bei-jing also successfully blocked Taiwan from participating in a number of international organizations, including the World Health Organization. Taiwan’s exclusion from the World Health Organization’s annual summit, the World Health Assembly, serves no purpose other than to placate Beijing. The WHO exists to address shared transnational health challenges, and Taiwan has proven, time and time again, that it is a model contributor to world health. Since 1996, Taiwan has invested over $6 billion in international medical and humanitarian aid efforts impacting over 80 countries. It has made signifi-cant financial contributions to The Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Malaria and Tuberculosis. And as this bill finds, in 2014, Taiwan responded to the Ebola crisis by donating $1 million and pro-viding over 100,000 sets of personal pro-tective equipment. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 3320. Clearly, Taiwan should be a full member of the World Health Organization. All nations should be full members of the World Health Organization, especially one with an advanced health system that can help us stop pandemics from spreading from one country to another. That is why it makes sense for us to advocate Taiwanese participation in all international bodies, but particu-larly the U.N.’s World Health Organiza-tion. I am pleased to cosponsor this legis-lation that is critical to preparing to prevent pandemics. Look at the non-sense that is being foisted on the world by Beijing. For political reasons, in an effort to say that Taiwan doesn’t exist except as a province, they are endan-gering the health of the world because pathogens have not been told that they are not to go to Taiwan. The epidemics have not been told to spare humankind from the inefficiencies and glaring omissions that occur when an impor-tant country is excluded from the World Health Organization. Taiwan’s exclusion, even from ob-server status, from the World Health Organization is a terrible symbol, an attempt to deny self-determination to 23 million people. But it is worse than a terrible symbol. It is a practical im-pediment to stopping epidemics. It is a practical impediment to world health, and it is time for the United States to have a strategy to reach out to the world and say Taiwan needs to be part of health planning. Taiwan needs to be part of the lifesaving initiatives of the World Health Organization. So I look forward to working with our colleagues to pass this legislation and working with the State Depart-ment to implement it. I look forward to the day when we do not put the world at risk of an epidemic that could have been contained but for the mali-cious symbolism being foisted on us by Beijing. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO), our chairman of the For-eign Affairs Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman again for yielding more time. I also recognize Congressmen C
HABOT  and C
ONNOLLY for being cosponsors of this bill. While Taiwan’s contributions to global health deserves praise, its isola-tion from international organizations and exclusion from the WHO has prov-en dangerous, if not hazardous. During the 2002–2003 outbreak of SARS, official WHO notifications and technical assist-ance were either blocked or delayed, all while patients in Taiwan died and the virus continued to spread. These diseases know no boundaries and, with extensive transit and trade links, Tai-wan’s participation at the WHO is es-sential. Congress has long supported Tai-wan’s participation in international or-ganizations that do not require state-hood, and this legislation will continue this important work. My bill will en-sure that the U.S. diplomatic strategy to advocate for Taiwan’s presence at the WHA, the World Health Assembly, adapts to Beijing’s increased efforts to box out Taiwan. Mr. Speaker, Taiwan is a benevolent actor on the international stage. It de-serves to keep that place it has earned. The next World Health Assembly meet-ing will take place in May of this year. Passage of my bill will be a timely op-portunity for the House to recommit to longstanding U.S. policies and to take a firm stand in the face of Beijing’s in-creasingly oppressive tactics. I urge my colleagues to support Tai-wan’s participation in the WHO as an observer by supporting this legislation. Again, I thank Chairman ROYCE for the opportunity. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, it was 20 years ago that we here in Congress spoke with one voice. We passed a law to support Tai-wan’s inclusion in the World Health Or-ganization. It took a decade of advo-cacy; it took pressure before Taiwan was finally invited to participate in that assembly for the first time in 2009. So you can imagine it is with great dis-appointment that we learned that Tai-wan was excluded from the meetings last year for the first time after 8 years of consecutive participation in Geneva. Mr. Speaker, Taiwan’s participation at the World Health Organization is a matter of public health, as our friend, Mr. S
HERMAN , and as the chairman of the Asia and the Pacific Sub-committee, Mr. Y
OHO, have both re-minded us. This is a matter of public health. Taiwan has contributed greatly, so greatly to the international efforts to prevent epidemics. It has provided crit-ical humanitarian aid and medical training around the world; financial as-sistance, investing $6 billion in inter-national medical and humanitarian aid efforts since 1996, all over this globe, 80 countries. During the 2014 Ebola crisis, it was Taiwan that was there, providing also 100,000 sets of protective gear for health workers. Through the global co-operation and training framework, the U.S. and Taiwan have jointly con-ducted training programs for experts to combat diseases from Dengue fever to Zika. Mr. Speaker, yes, as Mr. Y
OHO re-minded us, and Mr. S
HERMAN , we know 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA7.033 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H61 January 9, 2018 
from this experience that infectious diseases know no borders. They so quickly spread, and the global health community does not benefit when Tai-wan is kept in the dark on these crit-ical matters. We are all safer when Tai-wan has meaningful, unobstructed par-ticipation in international health co-operation forums. All of us recall that Taiwan had an awful experience during the SARS epi-demic that was 15 years ago when the World Health Organization directed Taiwan officials not to approach them, but to approach Beijing for informa-tion-sharing instead. It is clear that Taiwan’s exclusion from last year’s World Health Assem-bly will only hurt. The health and safe-ty of the people of Taiwan should not be needlessly held hostage by politics, and world health should not be put at risk. Taiwanese doctors have so much to offer, given their experience pro-viding this humanitarian assistance around this world. Last fall, I met with the Director- General of the World Health Organiza-tion. b1545 I pressed him for Taiwan’s participa-tion. Unfortunately, this meeting did not relieve my concerns about Tai-wan’s future outlook. And it is for this reason, Mr. Speaker, that it is all the more important that the U.S. use all of its diplomatic leverage to support Tai-wan’s efforts to regain observer status to the WHO. I applaud the administration for sending our Health Secretary to meet with the delegation Taiwan sent to Ge-neva for bilateral meetings on the side-lines of the assembly meeting last year, and I think, by doing so, the U.S. demonstrated leadership by putting international cooperation ahead of pol-itics. Passage of this bill demonstrates our support for Taiwan’s inclusion. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN ), chairman emeritus of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank our esteemed chairman for this time, and I want to thank my Florida colleague, T
EDYOHO, the chairman of the Subcommittee on Asia and the Pa-cific, for offering this important bill as well as for his constant friendship and assistance to our strong and indispen-sable ally, Taiwan. His bill, H.R. 3320, directing the Sec-retary of State to develop a strategy for increasing Taiwan’s participation at the World Health Organization, is an important first step, an important piece of our foreign policy toward our ally, Taiwan. Congress has, for years, been pushing for Taiwan to have greater access, to have equal representation at so many institutions. Unfortunately, as with so many other international organiza-tions, Taiwan’s lack of observer status at the World Health Organization, or WHO, is caused by an orchestrated and dangerous campaign by China to con-strain Taiwan’s participation in global affairs. In the case of the WHO, China is de-priving the international community from access to a wealth of Taiwan’s high-level healthcare information. Due to its superb talent, due to its data col-lection, due to its quarantine and treatment facilities, Taiwan has excel-lent infectious disease control capabili-ties. Fourteen years ago, Taiwan’s co-operation with the Centers for Disease Control was crucial in stemming the spread of severe acute respiratory syn-drome, known as SARS. Before the last World Health assem-bly in May, I wrote a letter to the De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices urging greater efforts to ensure that Taiwan received an invitation to the summit. The Secretary agreed with me, writing that Taiwan is an indispen-sable member of the global health soci-ety and is a ‘‘strong health partner that demonstrated the value of its ex-pertise and contributions to health issues of global concern.’’ Unsurprisingly, however, Mr. Speak-er, China once again put its dangerous and shortsighted policies first, using its influence with World Health Organi-zation member states to deny Taiwan an invitation to the assembly. We cannot continue allowing China to threaten global efforts to mitigate infectious disease, and, more impor-tantly, Mr. Speaker, we cannot con-tinue to allow China to bully Taiwan or to have a veto over our own foreign policy decisions. It is time to develop new ideas and new strategies so that we can put a stop to China’s bullying and ensure that Taiwan gains observer status at the WHO and everywhere else. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for this important measure, and, as always, I thank our esteemed chair-man for the time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. This legislation has support from just about everyone, bipartisan. It is obviously necessary for Taiwan to be part of the World Health Organization. To exclude it is to put the health of anyone who might be affected by a pan-demic, to put that interest below Bei-jing’s interest in strangling Taiwan diplomatically and economically. I urge the adoption of this legisla-tion, and I look forward to working with the State Department until we achieve our objective, which is, at a minimum, Taiwan’s return to observer status at the World Health Organiza-tion. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In closing, I would like to share with the body that I led a delegation to Tai-pei this last summer, and I was there when Taiwan pledged to donate $800,000 in disaster relief to Houston. That was in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey. It is generous actions like this that I can think of, 80 occasions, that remind us again and again that Taiwan is a positive actor in the international community, and that is why we must continue to support Taiwan’s inter-national standing and well-being. So I would like to say in closing that I thank my colleagues for being origi-nal cosponsors on this bill. In addition to Mr. YOHO and myself, I want to thank Mr. E
NGEL . And I want to thank Mr. S
HERMAN . I want to thank the gen-tleman for his leadership on this issue, and Mr. C
ONNOLLY as well. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of two critical pieces of legislation, H.R. 535 and H.R. 3320. These bills are important to U.S. national security be-cause the spread of pandemics do not respect borders. These bills are also important be-cause they will enhance the position of Tai-wan, a true and vibrant democracy, with which we have had longstanding ties. I commend my good friend and colleague, Mr. S
TEVE CHABOT , for introducing the Taiwan Travel Act. Currently, the President of Taiwan, Vice President, Premier, Defense Minister and Foreign Minister of Taiwan are not allowed to come to Washington, D.C. for consultations. These are U.S. self-imposed restrictions that are practiced due to fear of potential Chinese diplomatic retaliation. Restricting high-level vis-its by senior Taiwanese officials is both insult-ing and counterproductive. This policy should be changed. Mr. Speaker, China will never be happy with U.S.-Taiwan policy or the Taiwan Relations Act. Communist China will never be placated by our self-imposed restrictions on travel and consultations. We should not try. Mr. Speaker, I also stand today in support of H.R. 3320, introduced by my good friend and chairman of the subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, Mr. T
EDYOHO. H.R. 3320 would designate that the Sec-retary of State devise a plan to include Taiwan in the World Health Organization. Taiwan has been excluded from participating in the WHO due to Chinese pressure, and sadly, the inter-national community has acquiesced. We here in Congress have been advocating for many years that the U.S. should take ac-tion to ensure Taiwan’s meaningful participa-tion in the WHO. As a major transport and shipping hub in the Asia Pacific region, with enormous volumes of people and goods pass-ing through on a daily basis, Taiwan’s exclu-sion creates a dangerous gap in the global health and safety information network. Mr. Speaker, the full participation of Taiwan in the WHO and other multilateral bodies can-not be overstated as a U.S. national security interest. China’s efforts to exclude Taiwan from inter-national bodies like WHO creates needless blind spots in the international system where terrorism and disease can spread undetected. Mr. Speaker, Taiwan must join the WHO as a full member. Regaining observer status is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.086 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH62 January 9, 2018 
only a first step. Full WHO membership for Taiwan is not only in the interest of Taiwan, it is in the interest of the rest of the world. I urge my colleagues to pass these critical measures to strengthen the bond between the U.S. and our democratic ally, Taiwan. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3320. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H. Res. 676, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 4564, by the yeas and nays; and H.R. 4581, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE RIGHTS OF THE PEOPLE OF IRAN TO FREE EX-PRESSION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 676) supporting the rights of the people of Iran to free expression, condemning the Iranian re-gime for its crackdown on legitimate protests, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 415, nays 2, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 2] YEAS—415 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—2 
Jones Massie ‘ 
NOT VOTING—14 
Adams Bishop (GA) Blackburn Cummings Foster Green, Gene Hanabusa Kind McNerney Pingree Renacci Scalise Walz Wilson (FL) 
b1617 Mr. CARTER of Georgia changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
POST-CALIPHATE THREAT ASSESSMENT ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4564) to require a threat as-sessment on current foreign terrorist fighter activities, and for other pur-poses, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. H
IGGINS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 413, nays 0, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 3] YEAS—413 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA7.034 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H63 January 9, 2018 
Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Griffith Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—18 
Adams Bishop (GA) Blackburn Castor (FL) Cummings Foster Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Kind McNerney Perlmutter Pingree Renacci Scalise Speier Walz Wilson (FL) 
b1625 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SCREENING AND VETTING PAS-SENGER EXCHANGE ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4581) to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop best practices for utilizing advanced pas-senger information and passenger name record data for counterterrorism screening and vetting operations, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 415, nays 1, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 4] YEAS—415 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA7.036 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH64 January 9, 2018 
Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—1 
Amash 
NOT VOTING—15 
Adams Bishop (GA) Blackburn Cummings Foster Garamendi Green, Gene Hanabusa Kind McNerney Pingree Renacci Scalise Walz Wilson (FL) 
b1633 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SOUTH FLORIDA WATER MANAGE-MENT DISTRICT PYTHON ELIMI-NATION PROGRAM (Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss an invasive and dangerous species destroy-ing our Everglades ecosystem. Geoff Roepstorff, pictured here, is a constituent who is a banker by day and a python hunter by night. I hunted with Geoff and killed some of these pythons while participating in the South Florida Water Management Dis-trict Python Elimination Program. One of the pythons I killed is hanging in my office today. You can come by and see it. The elimination program has re-moved over 820 snakes from south Flor-ida, but as of now, they can’t hunt in-side the Everglades National Park be-cause of Interior regulations. These predators eat up small animals and dis-rupt our ecosystem throughout the Ev-erglades and even eat panthers, bob-cats, and alligators, and they pose a threat to humans. The South Florida Water Management District Python Elimination Program incentivizes members of the public to assist in hunting and eliminating these invasive species. I want to especially thank Mike Kirkland and Tia Barnett from South Florida Water Management District for their work on this program, and I say that now is the time to allow experi-enced and trained hunters like Geoff Roepstorff and others, as part of the elimination program, to be allowed to hunt and eliminate pythons in Ever-glades National Park. BIDDING FAREWELL TO GOV-ERNOR BRENDAN BYRNE OF NEW JERSEY (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, last week, New Jersey said its final good-bye to a tireless advocate, dedicated leader, and wonderful man who just happened to also have been our Governor. Brendan Byrne, our two- term Governor, never let the weight of his office bog him down. He will be re-membered for his wit, his passion, and the force of his will. Governor Byrne helped inspire and instill honorable characteristics of public service into generations of New Jerseyans. I consider myself blessed to be among them. It is a bittersweet moment to bid farewell to Governor Byrne. I will long keep Ruthie and Tom and the entire Byrne family in my thoughts and in my prayers as their loved ones and, in-deed, New Jersey has suffered a tre-mendous loss. f 
CONGRATULATING WAYZATA HIGH SCHOOL (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Wayzata High School on being named Minnesota’s best public school by USA Today. Strong public schools are the founda-tion of our community, and while Min-nesota has many great public and pri-vate schools, Wayzata does stand out among them. The schools are evaluated on standardized test scores, student- teacher ratios, graduation rates, Ad-vanced Placement enrollment, and more. Wayzata High School has over 3,200 students, a student ratio of 17 to 1, and an average SAT score of 1420. Across the Nation, 80 percent of stu-dents graduate from high school. In Minnesota, 88 percent graduate, and in Wayzata, 93 percent of their students graduate. Their Advanced Placement enrollment is high, Mr. Speaker. Over 25 percent of 10th graders, 36 percent of 11th graders, and 34 percent of seniors are enrolled in AP classes at Wayzata. Mr. Speaker, Principal Scott Gengler, all of the teachers and staff, students and parents, and the Spartan community deserve this recognition. Congratulations to Wayzata High School. 
f 
HONORING JORDAN THOMAS FOR RECEIVING THE RHODES SCHOL-ARSHIP (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Jordan Thomas, a sen-ior at Princeton University and a grad-uate of University High School in New-ark, New Jersey, for being selected as a 2018 Rhodes Scholar, one of only 32 in the country. This young man, who graduated high school in my district, is the first New-ark Public Schools student in over a decade to receive this prestigious honor. In addition to getting straight A’s since his freshman year at Princeton, Jordan is writing a thesis on school- based support services that Newark Public Schools offers pregnant and par-enting teens. In the next year, he will be taking his talents abroad to study social pol-icy at Oxford College in England. Jor-dan plans to return to his home of Newark as a public servant. He told the Star Ledger newspaper: ‘‘Newark built me. Newark shaped me.’’ As a lifelong resident of Newark myself, I know that feeling. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Jordan Thomas for his successes, service, and future. His love for his community shows that our country’s future is in good hands. f 
b1645 NATIONAL LAW ENFORCEMENT APPRECIATION DAY (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Law Enforce-ment Appreciation Day. Law enforcement officers coura-geously put their lives on the line to protect our homes, our businesses, and our schools. They are truly the unsung heroes of our communities. We are grateful to the men and women in blue who service the front line of defense here at home. Today and every day, we must stand with our members of law enforcement and their families to honor the sac-rifices and the contributions they make to ensure that our families re-main safe. I also especially thank the United States Capitol Police force, who work each day to ensure that Members, staff, and visitors to the Nation’s Capital are safe and secure. Let us not forget to honor the service and sacrifice of all who serve in law en-forcement, especially in New York State: our New York State Police, the New York State Park Police, county, city, and village police forces, and, of course, corrections officers throughout the great State of New York. 
f 
HONORING LIEUTENANT DEBRA CLAYTON AND DEPUTY NORM LEWIS (Mrs. DEMINGS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA7.037 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H65 January 9, 2018 
Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the lives of Lieuten-ant Debra Clayton of the Orlando Po-lice Department and Deputy Norm Lewis of the Orange County Sheriff’s Office. Lieutenant Clayton was an out-standing officer, a loving wife, mother, and friend. One year ago today, she was shot and killed while attempting to ap-prehend a murder suspect. Deputy Lewis was killed the same day while searching for Lieutenant Clayton’s killer. Deputy Lewis was deeply admired by all of his colleagues: a man described as a ‘‘gentle giant,’’ who played for the UCF Knights and went on to be a true public servant. Mr. Speaker, it has been said that when a law enforcement officer falls, a part of America dies. Today we recognize these two public servants and pay tribute to them for paying the ultimate sacrifice. Today we also take a moment on Law En-forcement Appreciation Day to thank law enforcement officers throughout our Nation who serve and protect us and our families. 
f 
IRANIAN PEOPLE ARE ENSLAVED BY THE MULLAHS (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, cracks are beginning to form in the iron grip of the Iranian regime. The op-pressed people of Iran have taken to the streets to demand an end to the corrupt and brutal dictatorship. The mullahs in Tehran have stolen the wealth of the country and the peo-ple, lining their own pockets and fund-ing terror throughout the Middle East. Like in 2009, when the Iranian people rose up to confront the corruption of the regime, these Iranians have been met with harsh violence and been mur-dered in the streets. Thousands of oth-ers have been imprisoned. In 2009, how-ever, the United States sat in the stands as a spectator and watched the Ayatollah crush freedom. I applaud this President’s show of support for freedom in Iran. The United States must show political and public support for our friends for liberty in Iran. As President Kennedy once said: ‘‘Let every Nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we will pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe, in order to assure the survival and the success of liberty.’’ Like our friends in Iran. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE HISTORY OF TEXAS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I have often come to this floor to remind my colleagues of the devastation that the people of Texas have experienced with Hurricane Harvey. I certainly don’t intend to ignore our other friends in the Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, Florida, and California who have expe-rienced their own devastation, along with Louisiana. But I am excited today, Mr. Speaker, because I am introducing a bill that celebrates the history of Texas. H.R. 4745 is the emancipation national his-toric trail. Many people know that the Emancipation Proclamation was not heard in Texas but for 2 years later in 1865. This emancipation national historic trail recounts the journey of many of those individuals: freed slaves going from the Osterman Building and Reedy Chapel in Galveston, Texas; along Texas State Highway 3, Interstate Highway 45 North, Freedmen’s Town, and Emancipation Park in Houston, Texas; following the migration route of newly freed slaves and other persons of African descent; from the major 19th century seaport of Galveston. It is a collaboration with people from both parties throughout the commu-nity. It is one of unity, Mr. Speaker. It is one where we are coming together. I look forward to passing this legisla-tion with my colleagues—Republicans and Democrats—because it is a celebra-tion of the history of Texas. f 
STOP THE BLEED (Mr. ROE of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, as a physician, I rise today to raise awareness about the value of com-prehensive training aimed at pre-venting deaths after a traumatic injury occurs. Last fall, I took part in a ‘‘Stop the Bleeding’’ training course offered by the American College of Surgeons. This simple training teaches individuals how to treat bleeding injuries and help save a life. Each year, more than 180,000 people die from traumatic injuries. The most common and easily preventable cause of these deaths is too much blood loss in the critical minutes before trained first responders arrive. With an aver-age response time of 8 to 12 minutes once 911 is called, it is the responsi-bility for all of us to prepare to help others in the event of a traumatic in-jury. I look forward to working with my fellow Members of Congress and advo-cates, such as my friends of the Amer-ican College of Surgeons, to raise awareness of the value of this life-saving technique. 
f 
WOMEN AND THE TAX SCAM (Mrs. LAWRENCE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, last month, Republicans rammed through a terrible tax bill with devastating con-sequences, and women are among the hardest hit. This tax plan drains funds from working mothers while giving huge tax breaks to corporations and the wealthy. Women are breadwinners for half of the American families with children. These women often do more work for less pay. Nearly six in ten workers in low- wage jobs are women. Women earn 82 cents on the dollar. In Michigan, it is even lower: 74 cents. The tax plan takes away the indi-vidual mandate, so 9.5 million women could lose healthcare—annual exams, birth control, cancer screening, preg-nancy support—and lose economic se-curity. Under this new law, the wealthiest continue to prosper at the expense of hardworking women in this country. We deserve better in America. People deserve better than this reckless tax bill. f 
NATIONAL LAW ENFORCEMENT APPRECIATION DAY (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mark National Law En-forcement Appreciation Day. In 2017, 128 law enforcement officers were killed in the line of duty. Despite the significant danger they face, these brave men and women continue to put their badge on every day, leaving their loved ones at home, to protect our friends, our families, and our commu-nities. I was fortunate to be a member of the thin blue line for nearly a decade and a half as an FBI special agent. During that time, I worked with some of the most dedicated, mission-oriented pro-fessionals in the Nation, to include Federal, State, and local law enforce-ment officers. I ask that today, and every day, all Americans take a moment to reflect on what our law enforcement officers do to protect our liberties and to ensure the safety of our communities. We owe them a debt of gratitude for their serv-ice and for their sacrifice. As I did last year, I urge the Presi-dent to observe this day by lighting the White House blue this evening. 
f 
CONGRATULATING COLONEL BRIT HATLEY AND THE HAPPY HOOLI-GANS (Mr. CRAMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, no U.S. Air Force unit has ever won more than 19 Outstanding Unit Awards. This last Saturday, I was honored to be in Fargo 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.099 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH66 January 9, 2018 
as the North Dakota Air National Guard’s 119th Wing was awarded their 19th. The 119th Wing, known as the Happy Hooligans, has received this prestigious recognition nearly constantly since 2006. The Air Force Outstanding Unit Award is given to numbered units of the Active Duty Air Force, Air Na-tional Guard, and U.S. Air Force Re-serve that have distinguished them-selves by exceptionally meritorious service or outstanding achievement. The mission of the 119th Wing is to provide trained and ready airmen, exe-cuting world class MQ–9 and reconnais-sance kinetic and nonkinetic target in-telligence production, and expedi-tionary support capabilities for the Na-tion and State. Mr. Speaker, Aristotle said: ‘‘We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.’’ Freedom-loving people around the world are grateful to the Happy Hooli-gans from Fargo for making excellence in defending liberty a habit. Congratulations, Colonel Brit Hatley and Hooligans, and thank you for your outstanding service to the cause of freedom around the world. 
f 
DREAMERS (Mr. ROHRABACHER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to draw attention to the American people to information that is being kept from them. So often the good will and good-heartedness of the American people is manipulated to achieve goals that sometimes are detri-mental to our people and detrimental to our country as well. Today, the American people are being told that there are young people who are here illegally, brought by their parents at an early age—they call them DREAMers—and that we must be con-cerned about them, as we are. Of course, we are concerned about them. Our sympathy is with young people anywhere who want a better life. But what the American people are not being told is that there are 850,000 of these young people. That is being left out of the discussion. They are looking to be legalized. When they are legalized, that means they can apply for family reunification, which means that they then will receive government benefits and even more people will come in under their platform. I suggest that we take a look to see what 850,000 more young people and the millions more who will come will do to the American people. 
f 
NATIONAL LAW ENFORCEMENT APPRECIATION DAY (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of National Law Enforce-ment Appreciation Day. But it isn’t just a day for all of us; it should be every day. They are on the front lines protecting our families, our lives, our homes, and our values. We need to keep that in mind: to appreciate them every day. When you see them in the commu-nity, they are not someone to be afraid of. They are our neighbors. They are doing the same things we are: raising their kids, sending their kids to school, going to the park, and enjoying life, just as we do. With all of the misunderstanding about law enforcement these days, it is really disheartening to see what some of our law enforcement officers have to put up with in order to do a job to pro-tect all of us. Each year, we lose many officers. At least 125 were lost in the line of duty last year, including eight in my home State of California. I want to tell them that we do appre-ciate them: from the California High-way Patrol that keeps an eye on our of-fices, the Capitol Hill Police here, our city police, our county sheriffs, all of them. We do appreciate them because we know they are on the front line and they are just like us. We want to honor them constantly for stepping forward to do a very difficult task that is some-times misunderstood and unappreciated. The vast majority of us Americans and northern Californians do appreciate them. God bless them all and may they be safe. 
f 
b1700 NATIONAL LAW ENFORCEMENT APPRECIATION DAY (Mr. PALAZZO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to our Nation’s law en-forcement men and women. The safety and security of our communities is the result of our law enforcement men and women, who wake up every single day to protect neighborhoods from crimi-nals, fight crime, ensure justice, and keep the peace. In 2017, 125 officers died in the line of duty. Their deaths are a sober re-minder that our Nation’s law enforce-ment officers face danger every day they carry out their duty to protect the American people. They run towards danger while everyone else is running away. No matter what, they serve and pro-tect. They serve and protect so that you and I may be free from harm. Their diligent service does not go un-noticed, and today, on behalf of Mis-sissippi’s Fourth Congressional Dis-trict, we thank them for their bravery, fortitude, and sacrifice. So thank you to the men and women in blue. We are a safer nation because of the bravery of you and your fami-lies. Thank you for choosing to live a life of service. Your sacrifice and her-oism will never be forgotten. Happy Law Enforcement Appreciation Day, and God bless you. f 
PROTESTS IN IRAN The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
UNN). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. G
ARRETT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the majority leader. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ISHOP ). 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO TWO OAKLAND COUNTY  
SHERIFF ’S DEPUTIES  
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I want to thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day with a heavy heart to pay tribute to two of Michigan’s finest Oakland Coun-ty sheriff’s deputies and their legacy of service. Oakland County Sheriff’s Deputy Eric Overall, a 22-year-old veteran of the sheriff’s department, was killed this past Thanksgiving while serving and protecting. Deputy Overall was pursuing a suspect who posed a threat to the public and died ensuring no one else’s life was put in danger that day. He is remembered by his friends and family as someone who lived by the mantra ‘‘never quit.’’ Sonja Overall, the widow of Eric Overall, described her husband as a man of integrity who truly left his stamp on everyone’s heart. His life and legacy will never be forgotten. Now, just 5 days ago, the Oakland County Sheriff’s Office suffered yet an-other tragedy. Oakland County Sher-iff’s Deputy David Hack, a 17-year vet-eran of the sheriff’s office, was securing a car accident scene when he was criti-cally struck by a passing car. Deputy Hack is well known in the Rochester community, as he serves as the sheriff’s liaison at Rochester Adams High School in Rochester Hills, Michigan. He is currently in critical condition. I would like his family to know that all the students, educators, and staff at Adams High School and the Rochester community schools are praying for his recovery and his continued strength to keep fighting until he is fully recov-ered. Indeed, our entire Rochester com-munity sends our prayers. Please join me in a moment of si-lence for Deputy Hack’s recovery and to honor the memory and mourn the loss of Deputy Eric Overall. Mr. Speaker, on this National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day, I send my deepest condolences to their fam-ily, friends, Oakland County Sheriff Michael Bouchard, and the entire Oak-land County Sheriff’s Office during this time of tragedy and loss. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, 39 years ago, a collective nightmare was foisted 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.101 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H67 January 9, 2018 
upon the people of the nation of Iran, and so when roughly 2 weeks ago, while on recess, I became aware of the cour-age manifest in the action of the Ira-nian people in standing up to a brutal totalitarian regime, I immediately contacted our office and suggested that we secure this Special Order hour, and reached out to a number of my col-leagues, several of whom join me today, to speak loudly and clearly on behalf of the United States and the nearly 6 million people represented by myself and the individuals who will speak here today in support of those who would stand up and risk their very existence for those most basic human rights, which we as Americans take, tragically, for granted. As I stand in this well, Mr. Speaker, in cities that the bulk of Americans have never heard of, in Isfahan and Karaj and Tabriz and Mashhad and Tehran, indeed, tens of thousands stand in the face of a regime with a record of destroying not only freedom but life itself in the instance of those who would stand up and demand free-dom, stand up and demand basic human rights and dignity. Mr. Speaker, to put this into perspec-tive, if you were to take the population of the nation of Iran circa 1979 and compare it to the population of the United States circa 1941 and then align the numbers of Americans killed in combat during the entire Second World War, it would proportionally be rough-ly equal to the number of people who have given their lives at the hands of the brutal Iranian regime inside the borders of Iran. Think about that for a moment. Roughly 60,000 during the coup d’etat revolution in 1979, about 12,500 from 1981 to 1984, almost 33,000 during the 1988 uprising. We don’t know how many were murdered in 2009, when this Nation stood silent as Ira-nians, brave, took to the streets to de-mand self-determination and tolera-tion; that a regime should not be able to dictate how one worships, who one marries, what one believes; that people should be given basic rights to self-de-termination. Today, we know very little about what is going on in Iran except for the brave women and men who are con-fronting challenges that we, by virtue of the fortune of our birth as Ameri-cans, will hopefully never have to con-front. We know that roughly 50 have been murdered; we know that roughly 3,000 are imprisoned. This time, I will not be silent. I have spoken with Iranian Americans of all different facets from a number of dif-ferent groups. I ask these Iranian Americans, as well as those resisting within Iran and Iranians disbursed across the globe, to set aside their po-litical differences and join together for the common goal of deposing a regime that murders its own sons and daugh-ters to a tune that is comparable to the total number of American combat deaths during the Second World War. Enough is enough. Today, I stand beside an image of Habib Khabiri. Habib was the former captain of the Iranian national soccer team. He and 40 others were executed in 1984 at the Evin Prison for having the temerity to criticize their govern-ment. He was 29 years old. The evi-dence indicates that he was tortured before he was executed. In fact, again, as we stated earlier, over 12,000 people were executed by the Islamic Republic Security Forces just from 1981 to 1984. Next is a young woman who trag-ically became something of an inter-national folk hero for those who were paying attention, in that she had the temerity to stand and protest during the Green Revolution in 2009, sug-gesting that the Iranian people had a right to self-determination, when she was publicly, on film, murdered in the streets, 26 years old. The United States remained silent. The second of three children from a middle class neighbor-hood, she had the courage to stand up and point out injustice when she saw it, and paid with her life. Indeed, the protesters with whom she marched shouted, ‘‘America, you are either with us or with the mullahs,’’ and we did not respond. Today, I am responding. This admin-istration is responding. The Iranians, with whom I have spo-ken across a diverse sect of opposition, do not want tanks and bombers and missiles, nor do I, having worn the uni-form of this Nation, but while we can’t rule out any particular alternatives, all they ask is a word of support; that when we act legislatively in this body and in the Chamber down the hallway, we have the follow-through to ensure that our actions are backed up; that unlike the 1990s, when the Iran Sanc-tions Act was passed, we don’t let our so-called European allies turn a blind eye as their corporate entities continue to do business with the IRGC that uses the money generated through this busi-ness not only to murder their own citi-zens but to fund the likes of Hezbollah, and fast forward to current day, create instability, peril, death, and destruc-tion literally across the entire region from the Mediterranean to the Khyber Pass. There is no blind eye being turned this time. Next we see Shekar Mohammadzadeh. A nurse, she was ar-rested, imprisoned, and tortured for rendering medical assistance to other Iranian brothers and sisters who were brutalized by the revolutionary guards in the streets of Iran. She was tortured viciously at Evin Prison, served a sig-nificant portion of a prison sentence, 7 of 15 years, before being executed along with nearly 33,000 others circa 1988. Now, three names, three faces, three stories, probably 30 seconds to a minute on each. Let me put this into perspective, Mr. Speaker. If we were to take 5 minutes to show the pictures and speak briefly on every individual murdered by the mullah regime in Iran, we would be here for over a year going 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. I don’t stand here saber rattling, sug-gesting American military action. I stand here suggesting that what my Iranian-American friends and what people of Iranian dissent who are dis-sidents throughout the world have sug-gested to me is that if the American Government will stand up and say, ‘‘We stand with you against these mullahs,’’ that is the support that they need to continue the movement to see that there is a regime change, which leads to self-determination and democracy in Iran and the lifting of a dark cloud of terror from across the globe. Don’t believe me? I was born in 1972, and I have grown up with the perpetual mention of Hezbollah. There are those who think that Hezbollah is something that has been around for a long time, but I point out today that Hezbollah is actually younger than the mullah re-gime; that, in fact, the mullah regime created Hezbollah; and Hezbollah has the unique distinction of being one of a very few terrorist entities that has ac-tually killed human beings on every single inhabited continent on planet Earth. No trade with Iran, no money to the IRGC; no money to the IRGC, no money to Hezbollah; no money to Hezbollah, we have self-determination in Lebanon, we have less of an oppres-sive interference in Iraq, we have more stability in Syria, and we have freedom in Iran. Enough is enough. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for standing with me today, and I ask the American people and my colleagues to take the time to inform themselves about places like Isfahan and Karaj and Tabriz and Mashhad, and to think about the women and men who have the courage to walk through the threshold of a door of a home where, when they leave, they know full well they may very well not come back. The time is now, the cause is just, the mullah regime must go. Enough is enough. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
URTIS ). b1715 Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman G
ARRETT for his leader-ship on this issue and for arranging this today. Mr. Speaker, I want to take a few minutes to express my concern about the way the Government of Iran has trampled on the rights of its people to express their discontent with the cur-rent regime, which has resulted in at least 21 deaths and more than 450 ar-rests. It is, quite frankly, disturbing the way the Iranian Government has used its military might to show an un-acceptable and a disproportionate amount of force to quell and to at-tempt to control protests. Additionally, Iran’s judiciary has dis-regarded the rights of protesters to ex-press themselves and to peacefully as-semble, by threatening harsh punish-ments. I have read reports that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.102 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH68 January 9, 2018 
government has blocked the Internet and social media services which, I be-lieve, constitutes a violation of funda-mental rights of free speech. People in Iran are suffering. Their economy is stagnant, and their wages aren’t keeping up with the costs of liv-ing. People are hungry, and they have grown weary of a radical and a corrupt regime set on sponsoring terrorism and pursuing an ill-advised plan for nuclear capabilities rather than focusing on improving the lives and stability of the people and their nation. The people of Iran were hopeful that Iran would see some relief from the sanctions and would see economic im-provement after their government en-tered into a deal in 2015 regarding its nuclear program. But because of wide-spread corruption and failed economic policies of Iran’s Government, as well as its failure to live up to its commit-ments to the international community, Iran’s people have only continued to suffer from poverty, high unemploy-ment, and inflation. It should be no surprise to the leader-ship of Iran that its people are calling for change because of its failure and poor leadership that have led the peo-ple to protest. Mr. Speaker, I stand with those pro-testers in Iran who have lost faith in their increasingly failed government. They deserve a country that ensures their freedom to express disapproval. They deserve a government with equal-ity and justice, to improve the lives of Iranians. Although Iran’s Government may, by force, ultimately be successful in put-ting an end to these public protests, this dissatisfaction with the regime will continue. I hope that someday the people of Iran will see the freedom and the kind of leadership they seek and they deserve. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO). Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, Mr. G
ARRETT , for orga-nizing this on this important topic. Today, we passed several bills about Iran. One was H. Res. 676, calling out the Iranian regime to stop suppressing and oppressing their citizens who just want those things that are innate to all human beings on this planet, that we believe in as Americans, and that are those inalienable rights that come from our Creator: life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. The Iranian people are staging legiti-mate protests to condemn the Iranian regime for corruption of the economy and funding of terrorist organizations while neglecting the basic needs of the Iranian citizens, only to have their pro-tests in opposition of the corruption by the Iranian regime be shut down and crushed through unwarranted bloodshedding and arrests. If you look at the Iranian regime over the last 30 years since they took control of Iran, it has been nothing but bloodshed and mayhem. And if you look at the conflicts that we have been involved in in the Middle East since the entry of Afghanistan and the Iraqi wars, if you look at our servicemen and -women who have been harmed in those battles or injured or died, 70 percent of those were caused by IEDs. Ninety per-cent of those IEDs were supported and produced by the Iranian regime. The people of Iran stood up in 2009. The administration of the United States at that time refused to back the Iranian people who wanted those basic rights that we just talked about: free-doms and liberties. Our Nation was founded on the idea that every individual is granted three basic rights: life, liberty, and the pur-suit of happiness. And again, we, as Americans, believe in these inalienable rights. I find it appalling that the Ira-nian regime is using deadly force in order to deny the Iranian people their basic freedoms. We are in the 21st century in the world, and you see a clear divide: the Western ideologies that believe in these God-given rights that we have, and then you see the regimes and dic-tatorships around the world that are suppressing the very innate abilities that we are all born with. They are try-ing to suppress these innate abilities. By doing that, they do it through in-timidation, coercion, torture, death. The leader of the IRGC came out in a statement, and it is in EDROYCE ’s reso-lution that we voted on today, H. Res. 676, that said they will investigate it, they will bring it to an end, and they will quash these protests and it will be done with. So that is the intent of the Iranian regime, to bring this to an end through force because they fear free- thinking people. We are so blessed in our country of having the ability to speak out, to be able to protest peacefully, to assemble peacefully; and that is something I think sometimes we, as Americans, take for granted. This is something that all you have to do is look at what is going on around the world to see a despotic regime that is afraid of em-powering its people. The Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, must be recognized for what he is: the dictator of an oppressive re-gime which once again showed the world its true colors by its horrific re-sponse to the peaceful and legitimate protests that began on December 28, that saw thousands in prisons, with the leaders being threatened with death, and over two dozen having been killed. I want to send the message that we, the United States, support the rights of those brave Iranians who are peace-fully protesting the oppressive Iranian regime; and they are peacefully pro-testing, again, for the right to pursue life, liberty, and happiness. Again, I want to thank Mr. G
ARRETT  for putting this on and thank him for allowing me to participate. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. GARRETT for organizing this Spe-cial Order today to shed light on what has been going on in Iran not just the last couple of weeks, but, really, since 1979. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak out for the good people of Iran who are protesting against an oppressive re-gime that has imposed tyranny on them for nearly four decades. Scores of people have been arrested and some killed for daring to speak out against their government. Mr. Speaker, they have good cause. For far too long, the authoritarian ter-rorists of Tehran have pursued an ag-gressive military buildup and a mas-sive police state that oppresses its peo-ple. Since the Iranian Revolution in 1979, their leaders have chosen global and re-gional conflict instead of promoting a healthy domestic economy and peace-ful relations with their regional neigh-bors. I could spend a long time high-lighting the litany of basic human rights violations of the regime as well, but the Iranian Government’s malfea-sance, public corruption, and betrayal to their citizenry needs to be brought to light on the world stage. Mr. Speaker, as recently as last year, in the State Department’s annual Country Reports on Terrorism, Iran was once again identified as the fore-most state sponsor of terror. The crime and terror Iran spreads are conducted at the expense of ordinary Iranians whose taxes go everywhere but to themselves and their prosperity. The unemployment rate is over 12 percent, according to the World Bank, and youth unemployment is stagger-ingly high. And all of this, despite Iran being rich in natural resources and having potential for having a great economy. Two years ago, the U.S. entered a deal in hopes of encouraging a more peaceful Iran, not to mention passing along billions in direct cash payments to them. Furthermore, if that wasn’t enough, it has been recently reported that the Department of Justice, under President Obama, abandoned a massive inter-national narcotics investigation against one of Iran’s international ter-rorist clients, Hezbollah, just to not upset the Iranian regime during the ne-gotiation of the nuclear deal. That is right, Mr. Speaker. Hezbollah is not just in the global terror busi-ness; it is a transnational criminal or-ganization that is a major global drug trafficker, including right here in the Western Hemisphere and Latin Amer-ica. For anyone who has not read the re-cent article in Politico Magazine, ti-tled, ‘‘The Secret Backstory of How Obama Let Hezbollah Off the Hook,’’ it is worth your time. You will learn how Hezbollah is operating throughout Latin America and, indeed, facilitating the transfer of drugs into this country. Despite all of their contrition and dealmaking, the Iranian regime has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.104 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H69 January 9, 2018 
not changed. This perilous regime is still exporting and smuggling weapons to its clients in Afghanistan, Syria, Iraq, and Yemen. Hezbollah and Iran continue to threaten Israel, among other nations, and are still a desta-bilizing force throughout the Middle East. After all of the Iranian regime’s ter-ror, crime, and corruption, do you think the Iranian people would have benefited from this? Mr. Speaker, all you have to do is turn on the TV to see the Iranian peo-ple’s answer, and it is obvious that they have had enough. This kind of tyranny does not belong anywhere, es-pecially in the 21st century. The everyday people in Iran want the same thing the average American wants: freedom to live without fear of their government, to live and work in peace, to be with their loved ones, and to worship as they see fit. The good people of Iran are standing up to tyranny, and we should stand with them. I want those protesters seeking freedom from oppression to know that we are with them, that the American people are with them. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. G
ARRETT , again, for organizing this Special Order on this very important topic. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UDD). Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
AR-
RETT ) for organizing this in support of those protesters in Iran. It is the ongo-ing protests that started late last month in Iran that are significant not just for their people, but also for the world. While these protests started because of a dire economic situation in Iran, with upwards of 40 percent of its youth unemployed, it has grown to be a na-tionwide movement that is about much more than just the economy. Over the past couple of weeks, we have seen the Iranian people flood the streets in favor of fundamental free-doms, economic opportunity, and a government that represents their in-terests, not Hezbollah’s. There are even reports of people chanting, ‘‘We don’t want an Islamic Republic,’’ or, ‘‘We will die, but we will take Iran back.’’ This has been a long time coming. A State Department report in 2016 found that Iran is the top state sponsor of terrorism in the whole world. Whether it is providing financial support to Hezbollah or providing arms to Islamic rebel groups in Yemen, the Iranian Government’s priorities are obviously more focused on wreaking inter-national havoc than they are on ad-dressing the pressing issues within their own country. And while we are talking about issues with Iran, the protesters are pleading for fundamental freedoms. For example, married women aren’t even allowed to travel outside the country without permission from their husbands. They also risk being put in jail or even to death if they take off their hijab in public. But brave women throughout Iran have been unmasking themselves dur-ing the last couple of weeks in protest. To many in our country, this may seem insignificant, but videos of these women and their courage have been shared millions and millions of times around the globe. Mr. Speaker, those who dislike Presi-dent Trump have criticized his ap-proach to foreign policy, but these same people fail to praise his strong de-fense for freedom when it comes to Iran. As soon as the protests started, President Trump put out a statement that said the Iranian people are hungry for food and for freedom. He also said that it is time for a change, and I couldn’t agree with him more. This is the opposite of the Obama ad-ministration that preached moral au-thority and, yet, sided with the corrupt Iranian regime and the corrupt Iranian Government when anti-regime pro-testers took to the streets back in 2009. So now that President Trump has proven his credibility on the global stage by siding with the protesters, the question is: Now, where do we go from here? Well, Mr. Speaker, first we should in-crease the sanctions on the Iranian Government in response to their crack-down on protesters for freedom in re-cent weeks. President Trump should also strong-ly consider pulling out of the nuclear deal that was struck by President Obama in 2015. b1730 We have already seen the Iranian Government break parts of the agree-ment, and we should have a zero toler-ance for these breaks because the con-sequences are just too grave. Mr. Speaker, the people of Iran are bravely speaking out against their gov-ernment and they are calling for change. For the United States to con-tinue to be a shining example of free-dom and liberty, we must continue to vocalize our support for these pro-testers in Iran and make sure that they know that we have their back. Again, I thank my colleague, Mr. G
ARRETT from Virginia. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from North Carolina (Mr. B
UDD) for his remarks. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. D
UNCAN ). Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia for yielding. I want the folks in Iran to know that the United States of America stands with the people of Iran. As a closed so-ciety, I doubt they will hear our words here tonight, but they should know that, in our hearts, in our prayers, and in our thoughts, we have the people of Iran and their best wishes in mind. I have been here for 7 years in Con-gress, and during that 7 years, Iran keeps coming up to the forefront; whether it is the Obama administra-tion’s failed Iranian nuclear deal, which is coming up for authorization— I think on the 19th of this month, the 15th, the 19th—or if it is the protests, and since I have been in Congress, this is the second round of uprising protest against the Government within Iran. Now, the dichotomy is the Obama ad-ministration ignored the people in Iran. But the Trump administration has told the people in Iran: We stand with you against an oppressive govern-ment. Iran keeps coming up even in a Polit-ico magazine article. They had a well- sourced account of an alleged Obama administration scandal last month. This prompted review by the Depart-ment of Justice and interest by the House Oversight and Government Re-form Committee. The article alleges the Obama admin-istration restrained classified efforts by the Drug Enforcement Administra-tion to shut down an international criminal operation, Hezbollah. Now, Hezbollah, based in Lebanon, is a proxy of Iran. And when you hear Hezbollah, you might as well think Iran. They are one and the same. So I am deeply troubled by the idea that President Obama’s motivation was getting past by any means nec-essary his failed Iranian deal. He could not get anything in the way of that legacy. Now, if this article is true, President Obama is more concerned about pass-ing his agenda item opposed by Mem-bers of both parties and a majority of the American people than protecting the safety of the American people. We all know about the pallets of cash that were given to Iran. Now, they could have spent it on their economy. They could have paid down debt. They could have done anything, but I would bet that the largest state sponsor of ter-rorism, the country of Iran, used the bulk of that money to continue funding terrorist operations around the globe. The number one recipient of Iranian help is Hezbollah. Now, let me bring you a little bit closer to home. In 2012, I authored a bill called Countering Iran in the Western Hemisphere Act of 2012, signed into law by President Obama, directing the State Department to ac-tually do an in-depth study into the Iranian activities in the Western Hemi-sphere, specifically, South America. They did a halfway limp-wristed re-port that even the 2014 GAO reported only 2 of the 12 requirements mandated in that law were fully addressed. The Obama administration acted in com-plete disregard to the law. Six others of my legislation were only partially ad-dressed; four were not addressed at all. Meanwhile, the activity of Hezbollah in the Western Hemisphere continued, and it is continuing today. There is an area in South America known as the tri-border region. It is where the borders of Argentina, Brazil, and Paraguay all come together. Some would even say it is a lawless act area. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.105 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH70 January 9, 2018 
It is controlled by elements of Hezbollah. And two acts of terror hap-pened in Argentina, in Buenos Aires. The 1994 bombing of the AMIA Jewish cultural center in Buenos Aires was the single-largest loss of life from an act of terrorism in the Western Hemisphere prior to 9/11, believed to be hatched in the tri-border region by elements of Iran and Hezbollah. It was sort of swept under the rug by the Argentine Government of Cristina Kirchner. But there was a brave indi-vidual, a special prosecutor named Alberto Nisman, who took this on his own to say: We know what happened at the AMIA. We know Iran was involved. He set out to prove it. He compiled massive amounts of data. And the morning before he was scheduled to testify in front of the Argentine Con-gress about his findings, implicating the Kirchner regime for hiding some of this because they wanted to coddle up to Iran—they wanted Iran’s help. They wanted to sell Iran nuclear technology, I believe. They wanted Iran’s help with money. The morning before Alberto Nisman was going to implicate the Kirchner re-gime for the AMIA bombing and hiding the facts from the Argentine people and the world with regard to Iran’s ac-tivities in that AMIA bombing in 1994, Alberto Nisman was assassinated in his apartment, even though he had mul-tiple security personnel guarding him. Shot behind the ear. Now, the Kirchner regime tried to say that that was suicide. There was no gunpowder on his hands. And it has now been proven that it was not sui-cide, that it was an assassination, pos-sibly by elements of Iran as well. I say all that to let the folks listen-ing tonight here in America and around the world know that Iran isn’t just in the area in the Middle East known as Persia. They have elements, like Hezbollah, that are operating glob-ally. Iran has said that they want to wipe the Big Satan and the Little Satan, Israel and the United States, off the map. They don’t have our best in-terest at heart. But as a free people here in the United States of America, I can tell you that we have the best interest of the Iranian people at heart. When we stand on this floor and we talk about the uprising, the protests that are going on in Iran now, we have the best interest of the Iranian people at heart, because we don’t stand to benefit in any way for us standing up for free-dom, for folks who want self-govern-ment, for folks who want less oppres-sion, who want some say-so in their livelihood and how their government operates. That is what the Iranian peo-ple are talking about in these protests. So, unfortunately, the Obama admin-istration and the State Department did not take the Countering Iran in the Western Hemisphere Act very seri-ously. But Iran is here. They have opened cultural centers and embassies in Latin America. I don’t know the number right off, but they continue to be more involved here closer to home. There are no cultural ties, very limited economic ties between Iran and Latin America. So you have to question yourself as to why the Persians are here. You have to be aware that Iran is the largest state sponsor of terrorism with billions—hundreds of billions of dollars that we released to them, pallet-loads of cash that could find their way into terrorist organizations that don’t have America’s interest at heart. So I want to thank the gentleman from Virginia for giving us an oppor-tunity tonight to focus on Iran; to focus on its proxy, Hezbollah; to focus on primarily the Iranian people in their quest for more freedom. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. D
UNCAN ) for his remarks. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman has 21 minutes remaining. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OH-
MERT ). Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend, Mr. G
ARRETT for yielding. It is important that we discuss what has been going on in Iran. I recall I was on Active Duty in the United States Army back when President Carter stood by and basically encouraged the taking out of the Shah of Iran. No prince according to his own conduct, but he made a statement welcoming the Ayatollah Khomeini back to Iran as what he called him, I believe it was a man of peace. He could not have been more wrong. There has been less peace because the Ayatollah Khomeini took over a state government, a national government, and a powerful military than any time since World War II. They have been the largest state sponsor of terrorism. They have, we have been told, probably provided most of the IEDs that have killed and maimed Americans fighting for freedom in the Middle East, espe-cially in Iraq. They have worked to stir up trouble all over the Middle East, north Africa, and have created massive mayhem, and they are looking to do even more. And with the $100 billion or more that President Obama sent to Iran, they have been able to make more IEDs to kill more Americans, create more havoc, and stir up more sentiment against the United States since that unconstitutional sending under a trea-ty that was never ratified was done by the last administration. Some have blamed President Trump for the problems in Iran. That is a bit ridiculous. The problems are the rad-ical Islamist leadership in Iran. In fact, the same people that would like to blame President Trump are some of the same ones who hailed the $100 billion sent under a treaty that was never ratified that would be used to kill inno-cent people around the world, including Americans. The people of Iran are to be con-gratulated for saying: Enough is enough. There is a great article from Com-mentary magazine titled: ‘‘What the Iran Protests Have Already Achieved.’’ Sohrab Ahmari says: ‘‘More than 1,700 arrests and at least two dozen deaths later, the Tehran regime seems to have suppressed Iran’s latest mass uprising. Scattered protests and skir-mishes continue nationwide, according to the citizen-journalists who, braving regime violence, continued to post footage on social media. But for now, the demonstrations don’t seem to be growing in numbers or frequency. Yet outside observers tempted to write off the movement should recall that the 1979 Islamic Revolution that toppled the Shah began decades earlier. There were lulls through the years, which tempted President Carter at one point to describe the Shah’s Iran as an ‘is-land of stability’ in the Middle East. ‘‘Whatever the ultimate outcome, however, the protesters have already accomplished a great deal and shat-tered many myths in the West. Let’s review their achievements: ‘‘First, the Iran protests showed that the people are not rallying to the re-gime under the press of President Trump’s hawkish rhetoric.’’ b1745 ‘‘Far from being ‘swept up in a wave of nationalist fervor,’ as The New York Times’ Thomas Erdbrink reported a few weeks before the uprising, Iranians still detest their corrupt, repressive re-gime. As my colleague’’—and this is the author, Mr. Ahmari, speaking— ‘‘Noah Rothman has noted on our podcasts, Americans have an almost re-ligious conviction that world events revolve around the U.S. and specifi-cally the White House. To be sure, America remains the most important Nation on the world stage. Yet the av-erage Iranian doesn’t wake up in the morning cursing Donald Trump for try-ing to undo the nuclear deal. More likely, he curses the fact that he can’t even afford eggs to feed his children, and there are more proximate actors whom he blames for that: namely, the mullahs. ‘‘Second, the uprising revealed, once and for all, that Iranian President Has-san Rouhani has been no moderate, and that the reformer versus hardliner dis-tinction is meaningless. Ever since he came to power, Rouhani has been the subject of adulation among members of the Western foreign policy establish-ment. The media attached the ‘mod-erate’ and ‘reformer’ labels to Rouhani on the night of his first election, in June 2013, and refused to remove them even as evidence mounted that he was no such thing. There was Rouhani’s leading role in the violent repression of the 1999 student uprising; his support for the post-2009 crackdown; his long record of anti-American rhetoric (‘the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.107 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H71 January 9, 2018 
beautiful cry of ‘‘Death to America’’ unites our nation’); his decidedly im-moderate cabinet; his work overseeing Iran’s campaign of assassinations tar-geting dissidents abroad; and much else of the kind. ‘‘But now Iranians themselves are plainly telling the West that Rouhani is no moderate. Their slogans—‘Not Gaza; Not Lebanon; My Life Only for Iran’ and ‘Let Syria Be; Do Something for Me’—are a reminder that Tehran has continued to underwrite terror and bloodshed across the Middle East dur-ing the 4-plus years of Rouhani’s Presi-dency. The people have also been chanting, ‘Reformists; Hardliners; the Whole Game is Over.’ Let’s hope the same realization soon dawns in Wash-ington and Brussels. ‘‘Third, the protesters put the lie to the Obama administration’s claims about the 2015 nuclear deal. Remember when senior Obama officials reassured Americans that Iran would use the sanctions relief under Joint Com-prehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) to improve the lots of its people? Here is how Obama Treasury Secretary Jack Lew put it in an April 2015 address: ‘Many Americans, and many of our closest allies, are understandably con-cerned that Iran will use the money it receives as a result of sanctions relief to fund terrorism and support desta-bilizing proxies throughout the Middle East. We share those concerns, and we are committed to maintaining sanc-tions that address these activities, even after Iran takes the steps required to get relief from nuclear sanctions. But it is important to note that the connection between nuclear sanctions relief and Iran’s other malign activi-ties is complicated, and most of the money Iran receives from sanctions re-lief will not be used to support those activities.’’’ I would interject here he had abso-lutely, 100 percent, no basis for making such ridiculous statements. ‘‘Two months later, Colin Kahl, a Na-tional Security Advisor to then-Vice President Joe Biden, told the Truman Center: ‘It is our assessment . . . that the Iranians are not going to spend the vast majority of the money on guns. Most of it will go to butter.’’’ I would insert here he had no basis whatsoever for making such state-ments. The article said: ‘‘Millions of jobless and impoverished Iranians now beg to differ. It turns out that the regime was happy to spend the JCPOA’’—the Iran treaty that was never ratified—‘‘funds on Hezbollah, Hamas, the Yemeni Houthis, and other nasties, even if that meant Iranians would go hungry. And those hungry people aren’t mistaken about the roots of their hunger. Iran remains the world’s top state sponsor of terror, according to the U.S. State Department. Deal opponents warned of this, only to be brushed aside by Obama and his media allies. The Trump administration now has an op-portunity to correct course, by walking away from Obama’s bad deal. The American people are under no obliga-tion to finance Iran’s terrorist statecraft. ‘‘The mullahs would have no one to blame but themselves. The Iranian peo-ple, defeated but unbowed, are sure to have another day.’’ So, Mr. Speaker, let me just add here: God bless President Donald J. Trump for recognizing the Iranian treaty for the horrible deal it was and is to peace in our time. He paid for war, he paid for terrorism, and it is time to stop it. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OH-
MERT ), who is my good friend, for speaking. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ). Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to participate in this mes-sage to the Iranian people tonight and also a message that we will deliver to the American people as well. To those brave souls who are now in the streets to oppose the mullah dictatorship that now governs Iran, we send you this message: We are with you. We are thinking of you. You are within our vi-sion. We are siding with you against tyranny. Do not think you are alone. The American people, our hearts and our souls, are with you; and, yes, we are proud of our President for making sure the world knows that we are offi-cially on the side of those people who are struggling in the streets of Tehran, as we speak, to make sure that the mullah dictatorship is overthrown and replaced by a democratic government. These people have a right to demo-cratic government just the same as anyone else. We talked about it in our Declaration of Independence. We talked about rights that are given by God to every individual, and that gov-ernment only has those powers that are granted to it by the consent of the governed. Yes, we had our own revolution. Re-member, the French helped us in that revolution. The French helped us win our freedom. We owe that to people who have helped us win our freedom to side with people who are struggling in Iran today and against other radical Is-lamic dictatorships today to help them create a more democratic society. In fact, as I look around in this Hall tonight, I see that there are only two pictures on the floor of the House. One is George Washington, and one is Mar-quis de Lafayette. Look into Lafay-ette’s eyes. This is a picture of a man who came to us 50 years after our revo-lution and was the ultimate American hero for helping us win our freedom. Are there tears in his eyes tonight? No. But there were tears in his eyes in the picture of Lafayette when we sided with the mullah regime during the last administration when we actually cut a deal with the mullahs keeping them in power, not giving any support to those who were struggling for democracy in order to give them $1 billion to get them to go along and sign up for a bogus arms treaty. Now, this President of the United States today has left those policies be-hind. We are proud of this President for what he is doing, and we send this mes-sage to the American people: We will stand for freedom, and we will be safe. If we cower and we don’t support those people struggling for freedom through-out the world, we will not be safe. Nowhere is that more evident than in the streets of Tehran tonight. People of Iran, we are with you, just as the French were with us when we won our freedom. We will make this a better world, we will make it a safer world for all people who believe in any type of democratic, open government. The mullah regime must be over-thrown but by its own people, and we must be true to those patriots who es-tablished our own country by sup-porting those who are struggling for freedom in Iran. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I will conclude. If we were to spend 5 minutes on each of the individuals murdered by the Iranian regime since that regime took power some 39 years ago, we would be here 24/7 for over a year. If we were to name each country and spend 1 day where Iran and their proxies, such as Hezbollah, have taken human life, we would literally be here for months, 1 day per country. Mr. Y
OHOarticulated basic concepts of natural law, that people are endowed by their Creator with fundamental rights to include the right to life, the right to freedom, and the right to pur-sue happiness. Mr. D
UNCAN , Mr. R OTHFUS , and Mr. R
OHRABACHER spoke to the JCPOA, and the circumstances surrounding it, how our Nation turned its back on the multibillion-dollar criminal enterprise wholly subsidized by Iran that is Hezbollah, making a bad deal, ignoring trafficking of deadly narcotics throughout the world and, indeed, in our own country to get a worse deal. I stand with my colleagues who re-nounce the JCPOA, and I would point out that it is my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, the broad bipartisan opposition to the JCPOA, the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, which I have referred to repeatedly, and only somewhat jokingly, as the ‘‘Joint Com-prehensive Piece of Something, JCPOS.’’ But if you want to see the JCPOA go away, the best way to do that is to em-power the people of Iran to empower themselves, and that is why I thank my colleagues, one and all, for stand-ing with me here today to speak loudly and clearly. Mr. Speaker, it is my hope that people watching at home will take to social media where the youth of Iran have fomented this revolution, that hashtags such as #freeiran, #iranprotests and #iran will pick up steam, that the world can commu-nicate with those who risk their very lives to assert their basic, funda-mental, and Creator-granted rights of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.109 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH72 January 9, 2018 
life, liberty, and the right to pursue happiness by showing them that we support them. Mr. Speaker, I would point out that Mr. G
OHMERT so articulately spoke to the role of Rouhani in Iran and the fawning Western media that speaks to his role as a moderate. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Rouhani, quite literally, represents the mullahs, and so, as such, that would be as if suggesting that Mr. Goering or Mr. Goebbels was a mod-erate Nazi. There is nothing moderate about the leadership of this regime. So with this, I conclude: Americans have been killed by Iran or its proxies in this country, in Lebanon, in Iraq, in Kenya, and in Tanzania. People have given their lives at the hands of Iran in Australia, Argentina, Syria, Israel, Germany, the United Kingdom, in Tan-zania, Malaysia, Afghanistan, Yemen, and Saudi Arabia. It is time for this to end. Enough is enough. I would quote Edmund Burke: ‘‘All that is necessary for evil to triumph is for good men to do nothing.’’ This time we will not stand idly by. Enough is enough. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
THE TAX SCAM AND THE PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Chair for the opportunity to talk about a couple of issues here on the floor of the House. I really have two things I want to talk about today. One is the incredible tax bill that was passed by the Congress and signed by the President just before Christmas, a tax bill that has profound effects on the American economy, most of them negative and bad, but also a tax—I will use the word ‘‘scam’’—that will real-ly—well, if you happen to be super-wealthy, it is terrific. I guess, Mr. Speaker, the President, when he went to his Christmas party at Mar-a-Lago, spoke to his guests, most of whom I suspect were rather wealthy, and he said: I just made you a whole lot richer. Indeed, he did. So we will talk about that in a little more detail. I also want to talk about the ongoing Mueller investigation. On the floor of the House, from time to time, many of my colleagues from the Republican side come here to the floor, or on cable television, and attack Mueller, attack the FBI, and anybody else who happens to be standing nearby, in an effort to discredit the special counsel’s inves-tigation of what happened in the 2016 Presidential election. It seems to me that here in America, since the very first days of our con-stitutional government, we have al-ways said that we are a country of laws and that the laws dictate what we do. b1800 We are not a country of individuals that dictate what happens but, rather, a country of laws. What is happening here in this effort to discredit the Mueller investigation is to move away from that nearly century and a half of profound importance in how people govern themselves not by the will of an emperor or the will of a king or even the will of a President, but we govern ourselves by the laws that are enacted by elected representatives: Senators, Members of the House of Representa-tives, in the case of the National Gov-ernment, or legislatures, county com-missioners, county supervisors, or city council members. We are a country ruled by laws that are enacted by the citizens; however, the effort to discredit, to derail, to stop the investigation of the appropriate en-tity—in this case, the Department of Justice, acting through the special counsel—is contrary to the funda-mental foundation of the way in which we govern ourselves. That is to say that that discrediting, that effort to stop the investigation of whether laws were broken, disobeyed, or not followed completely undermines the foundation of our government and our relationship as individuals. None of us want to be subject to the whims of an individual like a king or an emperor or a President. We want them—in this case, the President—to act through the law, that is, to follow the law and, in this case, an agency within the executive branch, the De-partment of Justice, to carry out its responsibility to determine if the laws have been followed, if there has been a breach of law, if there has been some other element that is contrary to the rule of law. It is that simple. So I would ask my Republican col-leagues here in the House of Represent-atives and in the Senate and those who are constantly on cable television who are attempting to knock down the Mueller investigation, to discredit his investigation, to discredit the Federal Bureau of Investigation and other agencies of the Federal Government to slow down, to stand back, and to let the operation that is fundamental to our well-being, that operation of en-forcing the law to occur and see where it goes, let the investigation play itself out and not get caught up in questions of whether the Steele dossier was the reason for the investigation. It was not. Clearly, today, we have learned from Senator F
EINSTEIN , whom I thank and whom all of us should thank, for mak-ing public the 10 hours of testimony from Fusion GPS available for all of us to see so that we can, as individuals, judge the validity of the charge that has been made that somehow the Steele investigation is all that this is about. It is not. It was not and is not. It is about information that came to the FBI from multiple sources, includ-ing counterintelligence information de-veloped by our intelligence agencies. That then led to the investigation and eventually to the establishment of a special counsel. So take a deep breath. Let this proc-ess unfold. Let the facts lead the way. Let the development of those facts be done, and let us then judge the out-come of the investigation. It seems to me that a lot of the heat that has been put on the FBI and the Mueller team comes from a fear that there is something to fear. So the ques-tion should be asked: What is it that you fear? Why is it that you are doing so much to try to waylay, discredit, stop the in-vestigation? Is there something that you know that the American public should know? Is there something that you fear that Mr. Mueller will find out about the 2016 Presidential campaign, about connec-tions to Russia? Do you know something that would cause you to so aggressively try to stop the investigation? Perhaps you do, in which case, come to the floor and share with us. I will let it go at that. It just seems to me that we ought to recognize that we are a nation of laws. We are not a nation of a king or an emperor or of a President. We are a nation of laws in which the President’s task is to faith-fully carry out the Constitution and the laws. If you don’t like the laws, come here and change them or go to the Supreme Court and get a ruling that somehow that law is not constitu-tional. That is the way we should do it. So enough of that. I have taken a few moments to look at this profoundly important issue about the very nature of government in the United States. Let me take up another issue, which I actually opened on for just a few mo-ments, and that was tax policy. I have stood here on the floor before, many times, and talked about the tax bill as it was being developed, and I raised the alarm that somehow this tax bill would not be good for American families and working men and women in America. I always want to start this discussion with this placard. Those of you who have followed me on the floor may have seen it before, but I want to frame what I am concerned about. I want you to understand the scope of this discus-sion and why it is of concern. I found this to be an extremely useful way to frame my values and, I think, to frame the values of my colleagues in the Democratic Party. What is it that we want to accom-plish? What is the value that we put forth? What is our goal? What are we trying to do with our public policy statements? What did we attempt to do with our unanimous opposition to the tax bill that the House of Representatives and the Senate passed and the President signed? This is the framework. If you would, this is the statement of values. It 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.110 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H73 January 9, 2018 
comes from Franklin Delano Roo-sevelt. That is actually etched in mar-ble at the Franklin Delano Roosevelt Memorial here in Washington, D.C. These are his words: ‘‘The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much.’’ Let me repeat that: ‘‘The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little.’’ For myself, and I know for my Demo-cratic colleagues, this is the touch-stone. These words are the touchstone about our policies, about the programs that we push forward. These words are the touchstone that give us a founda-tion upon which we then analyze the legislation and come to a conclusion to vote ‘‘yes’’ or ‘‘no.’’ In our analysis of the tax scam, we found that that legislation, now law, failed this test. It failed the funda-mental test. Did that legislation help those who have little or did it add to the abun-dance of those who have much? The answer is this from the Joint Tax Committee: during the 10-year life of this legislation, the result of the tax scam is that 83 percent of the $1.5 tril-lion goes to the top 1 percent. How can that be? How could it be that a piece of legislation that has been enacted and is now the law of the land will, over the next decade, shift more than $1.5 trillion to those who are already the richest men and women in this Nation, if not in this world? Why? Why would we add a king’s ran-som—no, a national ransom—to those who already have 80 percent of the wealth of this Nation? Why would we do that? Why? Why would we ignore this test? We didn’t. We Democrats did not. We said ‘‘no’’ 186 times because it fails the fundamental test of fairness. We know across this Nation, it is in economic study after economic study, that America has concentrated wealth in the handful of the top 1 percent to an extent only seen once in America’s history before this time, and that was the Gilded Age at the turn of the 19th century. Never, other than now and then, did so few have such a high con-centration of America’s wealth. Now, there are those who would argue that is a good thing because all of that wealth will be spent and trickle down to the rest of America. There is not one economic study anywhere that says that trickle down will actually happen; but, rather, what the tax scam bill does is to continue the concentra-tion of wealth for the next decade. So what of the poor, what of the el-derly, what of the students in school who are borrowing vast sums of money so they can get an education? What of the men and women who have been able to acquire a health in-surance policy through the Affordable Care Act because they were able to have that cost of the premium sub-sidized? What of those people? The working men and women of America were dealt a very, very bad hand. But, Mr. Speaker, as the Presi-dent said when he walked into his club for a Christmas party after signing the bill: I have made you so much wealthi-er. So here we are. We had meetings today with military. We need to build new nuclear bombs. We need to build new missiles. We need new ships. We need new tanks. b1815 Whether they do or not, you can de-bate, but there is an incredible demand for money from the military. By the way, we need to fight wars. We need to prepare for conflict on the Korean Pe-ninsula. Need, need, need, we need—yes, they do need. Not all of it. I would disagree with much of it, but nonetheless, enor-mous demand. And in this tax bill, where is the money for that? Where is the money for the military? If you are a military hawk, ask your-self: Where is the money? It went to the top 1 percent and American corporations that already had $2.5 trillion of cash stashed away in their treasury. They didn’t need more money. They were not even in-vesting what they had, yet they re-ceived even more as a result of this tax scam. So what is the purpose of all of this? Oh, did I mention that in this bill— for that family out there that was able to get health insurance for the first time so they could have a baby, so they could have an operation that they needed, so they can have continuing access to preventative care, do you know what was in this bill? Do my col-leagues understand what was in this bill? Six, seven, eight million of our Amer-ican families will lose their health in-surance as a result of this bill, and all the rest of us are going to wind up pay-ing anywhere from 10 to 20 percent more premium cost as a result of the language that was in this bill that re-stricts and literally guts the Affordable Care Act. A test of our progress. So what did the tax scam do? It shifted a king’s ransom—excuse me—a Presidential ransom to those who already have much, the top 1 per-cent. There you have it, 83 percent of it. And it purposely harms millions of Americans because they will lose their health insurance as a result of the lan-guage of this bill that guts the Afford-able Care Act’s programs. How could it be? How could we do that? We Democrats didn’t. We said: No. This is bad public policy. Now, guess what. That was step one of what I like to call the Texas Two Step. Do you know what step two is? Step two is to suddenly wake up and realize: ‘‘Oh, my, we have just added $1.5 trillion plus interest, maybe an-other 3- or $400 billion of interest to the national debt. Oh, my goodness. We have to do something,’’ they say. In fact, it has already been said by our esteemed Speaker. Not the gen-tleman that is in the chair at this mo-ment, but Mr. R
YAN. He has already said: We have to take the next step now. We have to cut entitlements. Oh, my, the entitlements, we have to cut them in order to deal with the huge new deficit that was created by the tax plan. Wait a minute. Mr. Speaker, you just created the deficit and now you want to go after entitlements. Stop. Time out. Do we understand what an entitle-ment is? Do we know what an entitle-ment is? Let me tell you. Social Security. Medicare. Oh, we are talking about seniors. Social Security. Seniors. You mean we have got to cut entitle-ments, Social Security? Oh, Mr. Speak-er, that is what you want us to do? You want us to cut Medicare? You are suggesting we do that by raising the eligibility age, not from 65, but maybe 67, 68. Terrific. And you just cut the ability for these people to get health insurance at the same time? How does that calculate? In my mind, it doesn’t. Did I mention Medicaid? You know those programs—Medicaid, Medicare, Social Security, education— those are entitlements. That is what you want to cut? When 60, 70 percent of Medicaid goes to sen-iors, nursing homes, other disabled people, extended care, and nursing home facilities, that is what you want to cut? Guaranteed, as sure as I am standing on the floor at this moment, that is the second step. And I am not dreaming this up. These are the words of the Republican leadership in this House and in the Senate. So be prepared, America, there is a critical fight, an absolutely impor-tant fight that is taking place in your National Legislature, the Congress of the United States. It is about the very future of this fundamental notion. What are we here for? Are we here for the superwealthy, those who have much? Or are we here for the rest of America? I know where the Democrats are. I know why we are here. I know why we fight every single day for policies that address issues that help those who have little. We respect those who have much. They are wonderful people. Well, not all of them. But that is not our con-cern. They are doing quite well by themselves. It is those who have little. I see my colleague from New York has joined us. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES .) Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman from Cali-fornia for yielding and for his forceful advocacy and brilliant articulation of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.112 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH74 January 9, 2018 
the GOP tax scam and all that it rep-resents. It really is a wolf in sheep’s clothing. It is the ultimate hustle. It is nothing but a classic bait and switch. It is a fraudulent Ponzi scheme. The notion that this bill is designed to help benefit middle class folks and working fami-lies, those who aspire to be part of the middle class, is such complete fiction when 83 percent of the benefits of the GOP tax scam will go to the wealthiest 1 percent in America. We know that at least 36 million mid-dle class families, if not more, will ex-perience a tax increase. Medicare, as was just articulated, will be under-mined, the deficit will explode, and our children and grandchildren are being asked to shoulder at least $1.5 trillion in additional debt to pay for tax cuts for millionaires, billionaires, special interests, corporations, and big donors to our friends on the other side. Don’t take my word for it. There have been Members of this House who have indicated they needed to get this massive tax cut for wealthy individuals done or their donors would stop con-tributing. We didn’t say that. That is folks from this Chamber on the other side of the aisle when talking about the urgency of jamming this reckless tax scam down the throats of the American people. As the Congressman, the distin-guished gentleman from California, just articulated, the whole premise that anyone other than the wealthy and the well off is going to benefit is built upon the fraud of trickle-down ec-onomics, when there is absolutely no evidence that trickle-down economics has ever done anything for everyday Americans. When Ronald Reagan cut taxes on millionaires in 1981, we didn’t get ex-plosive economic growth. We got an ex-plosion in the deficit. When George W. Bush cut taxes on millionaires and billionaires in 2001 and 2003, we didn’t get explosive eco-nomic growth. We got the Great Reces-sion in terms of the legacy of the Bush economy. Then there was the so-called great Republican experiment in Kansas, where a Republican State Legislature and a Republican Governor massively cut taxes on the wealthiest, top folks in Kansas. And was there massive economic growth? No. We got prison riots, overcrowded classrooms, and crumbling infrastruc-ture. Those are the facts. That is what so- called trickle-down economics has yielded, and now this fraud is being perpetrated on the American people. It is shameful. It is our children and grandchildren who are going to deal with the consequences of this highly partisan effort to benefit the wealthi-est amongst us. It is a raw deal for the American people. We are going to offer a better deal for the American people; focus on better jobs, better wages, and a better future; focus on higher pay, lower cost; and giving the American people the tools to succeed in the 21st century economy by focusing on a real infrastructure bill, real training, real community college opportunity, real tax reform for middle class Americans and those who aspire to be part of it. I thank the distinguished gentleman for yielding, for his leadership in this area, and I look forward to working to-gether to deliver to the American peo-ple the better deal that they deserve. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. J
EFFRIES very much for his remarks. If he can stick around, maybe we can have a colloquy here and dis-cuss this a little better. Mr. J
EFFRIES and his two colleagues, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ) and the gentlewoman from Illinois (Mrs. B
USTOS ), developed the Better Deal discussion, and I would like to talk about this in the context of infrastructure. Now, in the next couple of weeks, the President says he is going to deliver to the Congress his infrastructure plan. Well, we know across this Nation that we definitely need infrastructure. He just talked about it a moment ago. And the question will arise: How do you pay for it? This year, right now, the current fis-cal year where we are talking about ‘‘can we fund government before it shuts down,’’ $150 billion was ripped out of the Treasury. It is gone for the wealthy tax cuts. So where do we get the money to pay for infrastructure? How do we do that? Here is my fear. My fear is that the wealthy 1 percent, top 10 percent, the big corporations have already got their big chunk of the pie, 83 percent of it. Where do you go to get the money? I think that the proposal coming from the President will be to tax fees on folks who are using the transpor-tation system. And who are they? They are the American families. They are the people commuting to work on the trains or in the buses or in the cars. We need to think through how is it that we can do the infrastructure so there are better jobs, better wages, and better life for Americans? Mr. Speaker, I yield to Mr. J
EFFRIES  to expand on the way in which the Bet-ter Deal proposal that we talked about can accomplish that transportation education. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, it cer-tainly is the case that because of the GOP tax scam, because of the $1.5 tril-lion in additional debt that we, as a country, will now have to shoulder so that massive tax cuts can be provided to millionaires, billionaires, special in-terests, corporations, and big donors, that we are not necessarily in a posi-tion to responsibly fund the type of in-frastructure plan that the Nation de-serves to fix our crumbling bridges, roads, and tunnels. b1830 We believe, as Democrats, that the American people, in that regard, de-serve a better deal, a better deal, again, focused on higher pay, lower costs, and the tools to succeed in the 21st century economy. One of the ways that you deliver bet-ter jobs is through a meaningful infra-structure plan that is appropriately funded, not on the backs of working families, middle class folks, and every-day Americans. It should be funded in an appropriate way. Those who can af-ford to pay should be paying their fair share. But we just went through a re-verse Robin Hood process as it relates to this tax bill, and that is unfortu-nate. I am hopeful that we will proceed in a bipartisan way. The President has in-dicated that he thinks that would be an appropriate approach. We will see whether that is a genuine articulation of a way forward or not. But we cannot repeat the mistakes that were just at-tendant to the process of jamming this tax bill down the throats of the Amer-ican people and jamming us in a way that will hurt everyday Americans. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, re-claiming my time, I thank the gen-tleman for laying out the essential agenda of the better deal proposal that the Democrats are putting forth. There are many, many elements to this. He mentioned education. Infrastruc-ture is a piece of it, medical care, re-search, and so forth. Staying with the infrastructure, the Democrats have proposed several dif-ferent ways to pay for the infrastruc-ture program. Two of those, or one big one, is now gone. American corporations held $1 tril-lion—I think, almost $2 trillion—of profits offshore. In the tax, bill that money cannot be retrieved. It is going into the coffers of the corporations if they bring it back to the United States, with a very small tax. One of the proposals brought forward by the Democrats was to repatriate, bring that money back to the United States and use it to support infrastruc-ture, to use it to pay for immediate bonds, that we could then sell those bonds and use that money for infra-structure investment. That, of course, is gone as a result of the tax bill. There is another proposal that really, I think, dovetails with the extraor-dinary ramp-up of the stock market. A lot of that has to do with transactions, billions of transactions every day. A small fee of less than one one-hun-dredth of a penny on each transaction would raise billions of dollars and go directly to deal with what is a problem in the stock market, and that is com-puterized gambling that goes on in the stock market. There are other ways that we have proposed to raise the money, but one of the things that I fear is that the Presi-dent is going to come up with a plan that saddles working men and women of America with the infrastructure cost. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.114 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H75 January 9, 2018 
Already, working men and women pay for most of the infrastructure. They are the ones who are driving the cars, paying the fees and so forth. This, we have to tackle. We need to do it in a bipartisan way as Mr. J
EFFRIES has suggested, but we ought to do it in a way that tries to claw back as much of that unnecessary wealth that has been transferred to the superwealthy. I yield to the gentleman from New York. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I think that is exactly right. The gentleman’s concerns and suspicions are well-found-ed based upon the approach that was taken by this Congress on the other side of the aisle in connection with the tax bill. So the individual tax cuts, to the ex-tent that there are any that will be felt by the American people, are modest; the corporate tax cuts are massive. The individual tax cuts are tem-porary; the corporate tax cuts are per-manent. The ability of individuals to take a State and local tax deduction has been decimated; the ability of corporations to use the State and local tax deduc-tion on their corporate tax return is untouched. The moving expense deduction for in-dividuals has been eliminated, but cor-porations can continue to take moving expense deductions for closing down a factory or a plant here in America and shipping those good-paying American jobs overseas to China, India, or other parts of the world. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, re-claiming my time, did I hear the gen-tleman correctly that an individual who lost their job, for whatever reason, and moves to another State can no longer deduct the moving expense? Is that correct? Mr. JEFFRIES. That is correct. Mr. GARAMENDI. However, a cor-poration that decides to close that plant, that facility, that laid off that individual, and open a factory in China can deduct the cost of doing that? Mr. JEFFRIES. Absolutely. Mr. GARAMENDI. Something is radi-cally wrong here. Mr. JEFFRIES. It is totally out-rageous, and it is exactly why the gen-tleman’s concern about what our col-leagues may be attempting to do with respect to the infrastructure bill is real. Because what we have just seen is an effort to massively transfer wealth from individuals and from everyday Americans to wealthy Americans and incredibly well-off corporations in ways that should never be possible in the United States of America. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I was reading the tax bill yesterday, which is not a good read, and I found a provision that was of particular interest to me. Back in the 1990s, I was Deputy Sec-retary for the Department of the Inte-rior, and we were trying to deal with the Exxon Valdez oil spill in Alaska. We have also, since that time, had this little thing called the Deepwater Horizon. There has been a small 9- cents-per-barrel fee that the petroleum industry has been paying for the clean-up of oil spills. The big ones, Exxon Valdez and Deepwater Horizon, there was even more money as a result of the legal action taking care of them. Little oil spills in the rivers and lakes and harbors are cleaned up using that fee. It is about $400 million a year—small, but absolutely essential. In the tax bill, they eliminated that small fee, and it is a $400 million wind-fall to the petroleum industry. You go: Why would you do that? Who, then, is left to clean up? It is going to be the taxpayer in the State. Mr. Speaker, did the gentleman men-tion State and local taxes? He is from New York. I am from California. Per-haps the two of us can get in a bit of a rage that the tax bill forces Califor-nians, New Yorkers, Pennsylvanians, and Illinoisans to pay a tax on a tax that they have paid. I yield to the gentleman from New York. Mr. JEFFRIES. Absolutely. And I found this sort of whole discussion of trying to punish taxpayers in Cali-fornia, New York, New Jersey, Con-necticut, Illinois, and Pennsylvania to benefit States in the Deep South or other parts of the country that already receive more from the Federal Govern-ment than they give in return to taxes to be outrageous, and this will just continue the inequity. New York regularly sends $40 billion more to the Federal Government than we get back in return, and they have just made a bad situation worse. The same for California. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, re-claiming my time, it is probably not really appropriate that we get into a rage about the way in which this tax bill purposefully harms contributor States and forces the taxpayers in those States to pay Federal taxes on the taxes that they have paid to the State governments. We could probably go on and on here for some time about the inequities and the harm that this tax bill does, and we certainly should. We should probably come back tomorrow and every day thereafter and tell the American peo-ple what has happened to them as a re-sult of this tax scam. In doing so, I really want to thank the gentleman and his two colleagues for developing, within the Democratic Caucus, a set of proposals, legislative proposals, policy changes, that will give the American public a better deal. We can juxtapose that against the tax bill, which is a raw deal for the Amer-ican working family, but the gen-tleman has developed a better deal. In the days ahead, I would love to join the gentleman and his colleagues juxtaposing the tax bill against the proposal that it is beneficial to work-ing men and women in America, so per-haps we can do that. Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman would like to wrap up, I will follow him with a wrap-up. I yield to the gentleman from New York. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I look forward continuing to work together for the gentleman’s advocacy. We will dissect this tax bill for the American people, continue to discuss it, expose its fraudulent nature, and also lay out in clear terms the better deal we are offering, focused on better jobs, better wages, and a better future. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, re-claiming my time, I thank Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mrs. B
USTOS for developing the Better Deal program for our caucus. Mr. Speaker, I am going to end where I started. So, for the American people, I want them to know where we are coming from as Democrats: ‘‘The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little.’’ If you want to know where I am com-ing from, read that sentence. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 140, AMENDING THE WHITE MOUNTAIN APACHE TRIBE WATER RIGHTS QUANTIFICATION ACT OF 2010 Mr. SESSIONS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–503) on the resolution (H. Res. 681) providing for consideration of the bill (S. 140) to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Set-tlement Fund, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 139, RAPID DNA ACT OF 2017 Mr. SESSIONS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–504) on the resolution (H. Res. 682) providing for consideration of the bill (S. 139) to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform deci-sions about pretrial release or deten-tion and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
DEFERRED ACTION FOR CHILDHOOD ARRIVALS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. E
STES of Kansas). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 min-utes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, we keep hearing about action that needs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.116 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH76 January 9, 2018 
to be taken on the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals. I have spent a lot of time down on our Nation’s southern border, and I was quite pleased, last year, when Border Patrol friends told me information indicated that, after President Trump was sworn in, the number of people coming into the United States illegally slowed to a trickle, that it was a dramatic de-crease, and that continued for awhile. But, during the summer, as discussion about DACA started coming out, I was told, and, apparently, the numbers in-dicate, the surge began anew. What I have heard over the years is anytime anyone in Washington starts talking about amnesty, legalization of any kind for people who have come into the United States illegally, there is a fresh surge across our border. I have been told by border patrolmen, they hear people talking who have come in illegally—whether before proc-essing, during processing, after proc-essing, during the holding procedure, it is made very clear, since they are will-ing to come into the country illegally in violation of United States laws, that they want to get here before there is any legalization. And it makes sense, as I am told, that they are willing to come in in violation of U.S. law. They are also willing to say that they came in a previous time and, you know, backdate it, different identity, dif-ferent date they came in, whatever is required in order to get legal status. b1845 I appreciate hearing from my con-stituents, I always do, and I appreciate getting the opinions and thoughts of constituents from my district, the First District of Texas. They are al-ways welcome. In the last couple of days, I have got-ten a stack of petitions in my office re-garding a push to support what they are calling a clean Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals reform, but it raises some questions. The best I can tell by the words ‘‘clean bill,’’ they mean one that provides amnesty with no strings attached. However, all these petitions have been provided, actual names and addresses are only on a handful of them, many have names written in the same handwriting in ink, and there are numerous unsigned blank petitions in the stack we were provided. In addition, I want to point out that, every time DACA legalization is men-tioned, we have greater surges of peo-ple into our country illegally; and every time there is a surge, there are people who die trying to get into this country illegally, bodies found. We have the reports of a dramatic number of young girls, even some boys, who are pulled into sex trafficking, drug traf-ficking, as a way to pay off their debt to the drug cartels that control the area of the border that they were al-lowed to come across by the gang that brought them across. It should be noted, every young per-son in America has dreams. The best way to achieve the greatest number of dreams for the greatest number of peo-ple in the United States is if we enforce the law across the board fairly. I keep being amazed, and I have asked questions at our hearings: So why did these people come into the United States illegally? Well, because there are more jobs and opportunity. No, but why did they leave where they left, where they fled? Well, there was no opportunity there. Why was there no opportunity? Why were there no jobs there? Well, there is so much corruption. They don’t enforce the law fairly. So what we are being asked to do, in-stead of using political efforts to get these countries that people have fled to fix their political system, we are sup-posed to change our laws here so that those who have been working—I have helped some people 17 years trying to get into the country legally—they will be treated unfairly, because they have been trying to do things legally, in favor of people who violated the law to get here. It kind of seems like we are being asked to become the kind of country they fled, where the law is not enforced fairly across the board. It sounds like the ultimate irony. Until our border is made secure, we should not be discussing passage of any legalization bill. We should stop talk-ing about legalization until the border is secure. When the border is secure, then we can work things out. It is so ironic to me, the very people who are demanding a big amnesty, le-galization, whatever you want to call it, say, ‘‘We don’t want a wall, we don’t want the border secure,’’ which means we will have to come back and have this discussion in the next couple of years all over again. It was supposed to have ended in 1986. We will get border security in return for the amnesty. We got the amnesty, and we didn’t get the border security. I am joined by a friend, a very dear friend, who wrote speeches for his hero, a hero of mine, Ronald Reagan, who knows very well what happened in 1986. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ). Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I also want to thank Mr. G
OHMERT for the great courage that he has had on this issue, the fact that he has been willing to speak up for something that the establishment in this country is trying to shut us up about, trying to put blinders on the American people about what is going on and how we are losing our country. I was there with Ronald Reagan, and, yes, he was sold a bill of goods in 1986. He was told there were 3 million illegals in the country; and that is what we are going to do, we are going to legalize their status. He had a good heart, Reagan had a wonderful heart, and he saw these people were being ex-ploited and living in the shadows. Three million people, you could take care of that, but the agreement has to be that we are now going to control our borders. Of course, back then, there was never even any question about whether some-one who is here illegally should be get-ting a government benefit or be able to be treated just like a U.S. citizen, that wasn’t even in the works, but Ronald Reagan said: Okay. We will secure the border, and then we will make sure that we take these 3 million people and save them. Instead, how did it end up? The bor-der security was done not even halfheartedly. We ended up, when all was said and done, with not 3 million people, but 11 million people who even-tually came here based on that am-nesty program. Well, today, it is a lot worse what we are facing. Today, the American people are being told a lie. Maybe someone is not just lying directly to them, but they are feeding them a false image of what the issue is today. How many people have heard about the DREAMers, these wonderful young people, yes, who came here at an early age? The American people are not being told what we are talking about when we talk about the DREAMers. Most Americans think we are talking about 25,000 or 30,000 kids at the most. That is what most Americans think we are talking about. What we are talking about is 850,000 young people, who, yes, have dreams, and most of them are fine young peo-ple, I am sure, but they are here ille-gally, they have been brought here ille-gally by their parents, and they want their status legalized. What will that do? 850,000 young peo-ple, not 25,000, almost a million young people, and all right, what will happen when they are legalized? Well, what we are not being told is, as soon as they are legalized, they then have the rights of everybody else, as anyone who is re-siding here legally should, and, thus, they are eligible for family reunifica-tion, and their families that are now being brought in from other countries then have the right to bring in their families. So we have a family reunifi-cation that creates a snowball effect and millions and millions more. Then, of course, we also have, with the legalization, the eligibility for gov-ernment benefits, which, as I say, dur-ing Reagan’s time, there wasn’t any question you are not going to give ben-efits to illegal immigrants. Well, now we find illegal immigrants receiving education and healthcare benefits just as if they were American citizens. In California, they have even treated criminals as if they are citizens, set-ting up sanctuary cities and sanctuary States. Let me note that, with free education and free healthcare, there is no limit to the number of people around the world who will want to come here. By the way, there is no securing the border as long as we are giving education and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.118 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H77 January 9, 2018 
healthcare benefits to people who have come here illegally. In fact, what we are talking about now is basically opening up major, major expenditures in our budget, that right now we can’t afford even to take care of our own people, yet we are going to have an obligation not just for these 850,000 young people, but all of the people whom they will bring in as well, not to mention the millions of other young people throughout the world who will say: My gosh, if I could get there. And mothers and fathers throughout the world: We have got to get our child there so they can get the education and healthcare that is being provided to young people even when they come there illegally. Now, let us note, for funds for our education system, our own young peo-ple are suffering from a lack of funds for their education; we lack money to have a very good healthcare plan for our people, yet the millions of other people who have come here illegally, we are going to let them drain that money and invite millions more people to come here from overseas. This is the most dishonest debate that we have had. That whole concept of having millions and millions more coming in because of DACA, the DREAMers? No, no. This is being kept out of the debate; this isn’t going to be part of America’s vision of what is going on. The idea that we now have veterans whom we cannot afford to take care of, we have children of our own people whom we cannot afford to educate, we have seniors whom we are trying to take care of, all of these are expenses that we have, and we are already in the hole, yet we are going to take care of millions of other people who have come here illegally, starting with the DREAMers? There are not just 10 million, by the way, 11 million people here illegally. Let me be clear. We have got, I am guesstimating, 20 million, but I bet there are other people who are much more sophisticated in their analysis than I am on this who say it is even more than 20 million people who have come here illegally. So what happens? We are draining our resources for people who have come here illegally. What does that mean? We don’t care enough about our own people. That is what we are really saying. Those peo-ple are more important than our own people. Then, of course, you have the fact that people are coming here, and, yes, they are able-bodied, yet they still get education and healthcare, but they get jobs, and, yes, they bid down the wages of people at the lowest end of our spec-trum. I used to be an ice cream scooper at Marineland snack bar. That is what I did when I was in high school. I scooped ice cream. You know what, those jobs now, what we have got are people who have gone into those jobs so that in order to get people to work for them, they haven’t had to increase the wages of the people at that level. And if they have in-creased wages, they haven’t increased the wages as much as they would have had to had they not had groups of peo-ple there who say: I will do that work at half the price. Something else I was, I was a janitor in college. I was a janitor, and I cleaned toilets. There is nothing wrong with anybody, whatever work they have got. We know that we respect every working person in this country. Yes, I cleaned toilets, and guess what? I looked back a few years ago and found that the salary, the wages, of people who clean toilets has not gone up, the janitors are not making more money. Now, why is that? Are we saying that people who work at lowly jobs aren’t worthy of having a pay raise, they shouldn’t benefit? The income of our Nation now is three or four times high-er than it was, yet those people in the lower scale have not been going up with that. The main reason is those lowly jobs that they get, they have been bid down, the salaries have been bid down by this massive flow of illegals. Now, if we care about our people, we have to ask: What is America? America is not one race, not one religion, not one ethnic group. America is a country in which we believe in freedom and we have come from every ethnic group and race in the world. What makes us Americans, then, is that we have to care for each other. We are an American family, but that being an American family means we must take care of those people who are less fortunate in our country before we spend and even borrow more money in order to take care of the needs of peo-ple who have come here illegally. Let us just note the worst part of this whole debate is that Republicans and others who are concerned about this are being labeled like we are anti- immigrant. Well, in fact, we know that immigration is an important part of our country. b1900 But this is the greatest lie of all be-cause we believe that our country has been prospered by having a legal immi-gration system. We, in fact, take in a million legal immigrants a year. So anyone who is thinking about this should think about it. That represents more legal immigration into our coun-try than all the other countries of the world combined, allowing people to im-migrate into their country, all the other countries of the world. Yet, because we don’t want to de-stroy this system, we don’t want it to go out of control, we are being labeled as anti-immigrant, even though we sing praises for those people who have come here legally. In fact, the people who are the most anti-immigrant are the ones who mix the title ‘‘illegal’’ and ‘‘legal’’ to-gether. And what we have got now is the worst possible outcome in that we have limited resources being drained away from our own people of every race, religion, and ethnic group, and jobs that are being bid down by illegals; and everyone, including legal immigrants, are being hurt. But what we have now is a recogni-tion that we cannot even enforce the law. We have sanctuary cities in which criminals are being kept from being ar-rested by Federal agents. What is that all about? Who do we care for? Now we are saying our police can’t even protect our families; and that if there is some criminal gang from an-other country that comes here, that we are going to have a sanctuary State or a sanctuary city for these people. This is absolutely ridiculous. It is a horror story, and it is up to us to alert the American people that we are losing our country. We are losing our country. And when I say ‘‘our country,’’ us, United States is us, every race, every religion, every ethnic group. Let us care for each other. Let any-body who is saying we care more about someone who is coming here illegally from another country, I don’t care how old they are, their children, yes, are less important than our children. Those people’s well-being, yes, are less important than the well-being of all Americans, whatever their status in this society. We need to make sure we make that clear. And DACA, if we bring in 850,000 young people and encourage millions more to come in by doing that, we have betrayed the interests of our own peo-ple, and they are looking to us to pro-tect them. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman personally witnessed what happened after the amnesty of 1986. President Reagan rightly said that we can’t have an amnesty unless we have proper border security. They put it in the same bill. They got the amnesty and there was no follow-up. Let’s say we want to do the best to help young people, the world over. My friend here has already illustrated what happens. There are rules for radi-cals. You want to bring down the United States, apparently you bring as many people into being totally reliant on the government, so you bankrupt the government, destroy the govern-ment. That is how you eliminate the greatest, most representative govern-ment in the history of the world. Then what happens to young people around the world when there is no America to stand up against repressive regimes? What happens? Who is benefited by bringing down the United States by overwhelming our system, running the $20 trillion debt up much higher? Who is benefited? Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I believe that there are people who, with sinister motives, are trying to destroy the United States of America. They are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.120 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH78 January 9, 2018 
there. There are people out there who hate us for what we stand for. They have always hated America. We have been what stood between the forces of evil on this planet for 200 years now. If it wasn’t for our guys—my mom and dad left North Dakota, these small farms—out to fight in World War II, we saved the world from Nazism and from Japanese militarism. And then during the Cold War, we stood firm until communism—that evil that wanted to create atheistic dicta-torships throughout the world, think-ing that that is going to cleanse us from our profit motive, the idea that we are going to change human nature but we are going to establish dictators and dictatorships and murder millions and millions of people, we defeated that evil. We held firm until it had a chance to collapse on its own. Now we face radical Islam, which is not a force, by the way, that—it is a powerful force. There are Muslims who hate us. There are Muslims who love us as well. But there are Muslims who hate us, who have lots of money and lots of oil. We cut deals with them, so they have lots of money and resources. And what did they do? They have financed terrorism to try to terrorize us into retreat. They hate America. They hate America. These are forces. And there are still forces in the world today that hate us, and that group is applauding when we lose con-trol of our borders. And you know darn well the terror-ists of this world have seen those open borders to the South, and the terrorists are among us. But we also have lost control of what you are talking about; that loss of con-trol will destroy our chance to have an economic activity that succeeds in es-tablishing a currency and a system in which prosperity and a good life for or-dinary people can exist. No, it is going to go down unless we stop this massive flow. And the mas-sive flow is already gone, but it will be-come a flood of people if we send the message: Kids who get here get free education, free healthcare, legalized status, and they will bring their par-ents in. We will have tens of millions of more people flooding our country. I can’t agree to that. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman and I have been to Iraq a number of times together, to Afghani-stan, to different places in the world. It seems pretty clear, after our effort to create a democratic republic in Iraq, that if a nation’s people have not been properly prepared and educated to maintain a democratic republic, they won’t keep it. It seems pretty clear from the places we have been together. I will never forget Christian friends that I made in west Africa, who sat me down at the end of the week and said they wanted me to understand that they were so thrilled when we elected our first Black President. But since he was elected, they said: We have seen America get weaker and weaker, and we wanted to make sure you took a message back to Washington that we are Christians, we know where we go when we die. But our only chance of having peace in this life is if America is strong. I will never forget those words. They said: Please stop getting weak-er. We suffer when you are weaker. And most of the people who are pour-ing across the United States for a bet-ter way of life, they are not coming to weaken us. They are coming with their own hopes and aspirations. But I ask: What would be better? What better neighbor would we be to continue until so many come in, our system fails and goes bankrupt, as California is doing now? Or would we be better to say: Let’s build a wall where it is necessary. Let’s totally secure our border. Let’s cut off the 70 to $80 billion that is flowing from the United States into the drug cartels of Mexico, that allows them to corrupt the Government of Mexico and the local governments and terrorist people and put police heads on stakes to terrorize us. Let’s cut off that 70 to $80 billion, however much it is. Let’s totally secure the border. And people who love their Mexican heritage are—other countries in Central and South America, they love their herit-age, but they can’t make it. Why don’t we help cut off the corrup-tion by cutting off the flow of money out and drugs into our country? Why don’t we work on that? Wouldn’t that be a better neighbor to our friends to the South? There is no reason Mexico is not one of the top 10 economies in the world. They have got the wonderful people, hardworking folks. They have got the resources. They have got a fantastic lo-cation. There is only one reason that they are not, and that is because of the corruption that their drug cartels bring from U.S. money flowing into Mexico. Maybe we would be better off helping all of those millions of people who want to come here by helping them be a country that is one of the top in the world. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, establishing the rule of law here will not only protect our own people, will not only make sure that our own less fortunate people are bid into low-pay-ing jobs so that people who work as janitors, as I did, and as decent people are doing now, that their wages aren’t bid down; they can live a decent life so their families can live with some secu-rity here. So by doing that, we will also take away this major instability that we are creating throughout the world by not obeying the rule of law. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I so much appreciate my friend. I don’t like to use ‘‘colleague’’ with D
ANA ROHR-
ABACHER because he is so much more than that. He is a dear friend and a brother, and I will treasure most of the times that we have spent together in traveling, trying to do right for the United States and the world. One other thing, Mr. Speaker, I want to touch on before we finish up, and that is the issue that is coming, we are told, this week, regarding Section 702 reauthorization. We are told that the folks in the deep state have made very clear they want what they call a clean reauthorization. Nothing clean about it when you look at how 702 is spent. So just spend a couple of minutes here, based on an article entitled ‘‘How the FBI and DOJ Intelligence Units Were Weaponized Around Congres-sional Oversight’’ from January 8, 2018. It goes through this scenario. Sometime in early 2016, Admiral Rog-ers—talking about Admiral Mike Rog-ers, not the MIKEROGERS that was here in Congress—became aware of an ongo-ing and intentional violation of For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Act Sec-tion 702 surveillance, specifically item 17, which includes the unauthorized up-stream data collection of U.S. individ-uals within NSA surveillance through the use of ‘‘about inquiries,’’ where they do a surveillance of someone for-eign, capture American citizens, which would violate our Fourth Amendment rights, except that those names are masked and, supposedly, all kinds of ef-forts to protect that, so it is not a vio-lation of the Fourth Amendment, sup-posedly. But this article points out that they get all of these conversations in the database, and then they can do inquir-ies about people, subjects, and capture that information about Americans, ba-sically allowing them to get around the Fourth Amendment. Mr. Speaker, I commend this article. We see what occurs when we don’t have proper oversight. And Section 702, as being proposed, does not give us the proper oversight, and I hope that we will look further at that. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
b1915 MULTIEMPLOYER PENSION CRISIS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ) for 30 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I stand with so many of my colleagues today in a call to action for this body to ad-dress a crisis that is at its breaking point for pensioners across our coun-try, retired workers, who have come from the building trades, miners, truck drivers, so many more—actually, hun-dreds of thousands of Americans—los-ing their pensions or about to lose them. Millions of American retirees have worked and earned pensions that they contributed to through the multiem-ployer pension programs. In fact, I met one retiree recently who paid over 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.121 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H79 January 9, 2018 
$225,000 into his plan and has not been able to access one penny—not one penny. Yet hundreds of these plans face serious financial shortfalls, leaving millions of retirees facing an uncertain retirement future. For today, Congress needs to step up and secure the pension benefits these workers have earned. And there should be no pension cuts for workers who contributed to their own plans and should have a right to the money that they invested. Congress can no longer kick the can down the road. There sim-ply is no more time. This problem does not go away if Congress continues to ignore it. Rath-er, the financial stress mounts for the retirement funds and, of course, for the retirees and for their families so se-verely impacted. Indeed, the costs the Federal Government will bear if we don’t solve this problem now become exponentially more significant as time ensues. Over the last 4 years, I have heard ex-tensively from retirees forced to ride this terrible economic roller coaster. It is almost like a corkscrew, right side up, upside down. They are caught in this as their retirement security ca-reens out of their control through no fault of their own. There are thousands, tens of thou-sands of Americans who did everything our country asks of its productive citi-zenry, retirees who worked for decades for a company and thought they would have a secure retirement but now they face a stark reality. From Toledo, Ohio, such retirees as Carol Jones, who drove a truck for over 30 years and who missed holidays and major life milestones because of his work on the road, the knowledge that he was earning a pension helped in those moments, but now he says it all feels like a pipe dream. And when you drive a truck for over 30 years, things happen to your knees; they happen to your back. Bouncing over concrete for three decades has severe costs for so many. But if a solution is not passed now, Carol won’t even be able to con-tinue to care for his disabled daughter. Or how about Ernest Frye, a team-ster for 54 years? He and his wife cur-rently can live on what they earned through his pension, but, with its threatened cuts, everything will fall apart for them. They will have to rely on the government to cover the dif-ference. And with the rising cost of medical expenses, they run the risk of also losing their home if his pension is cut. What kind of cruelty is this? Or how about Cindy Grimley, who was hired in 1978, and has taken pride in being able to take care of herself? Even with the pension she earned and lives on, she cannot afford medications her doctor tells her she needs, and she can’t afford to lose a single dollar of her promised pension. Or how about Tom Brady, who worked 30 years—30 years—with Road-way Express and is a Vietnam veteran? He faced a 50 percent cut under the Central States Pension Fund applica-tion. They call it MPRA. Any cut to his pension won’t only impact him. He has six grandchildren and seven great- grandchildren whom he and his wife help support. I hear countless stories across this country of how retirees are caring for children with disabilities, supporting their own ill and aged parents, or sup-porting children and grandchildren with life expenses. These cuts impact more than just the individual who earned the pension. And, really, don’t these workers who retired have a right to the money that they put into these plans? You know, there were hundreds of companies that walked away from their pension promises. They didn’t keep their promise to the workers. The workers put their money in, and some of the companies walked away. Is it the worker’s fault? Ask any retiree or responsible econo-mist, if we fail to fix this pension cri-sis, we will create a tremendous deficit to our economy both locally and na-tionally. Some retirees already live under the financial constraint of us not solving this challenge, and some have already had 70 percent cuts to their pensions. For example, Ironworkers Local 17 in Cleveland. How about the New York State Teamsters? How about the United Furniture Workers pension and the International Association of Ma-chinists Motor City pension? They have all seen that decisions were made forcing cuts upon their retirees. And millions more live on that precipice: money that should be coming to them because they earned it, they put it away, and then it was taken away. This House has continued to let these retirees down. There has not been a single hearing to fully understand the financial plight confronting retirees. How irresponsible is that for the lead-ership of this House? The Senate has only taken a bit of action, but no solu-tion. Immediately after the House passed the scam pension bill a few years ago— that is the original Multiemployer Pension Reform Act—I set to work to correct the unfairness that it allowed, and we introduced the Keep Our Pen-sion Promises Act, which, back then, had the number H.R. 2412. We called it KOPPA. It would have prevented these draconian cuts to earned pensions by filling the financial gap of many of these plans, such as the Central States Pension Fund, and reinstate the anti- cutback provisions that are contained in the ERISA legislation, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act. The bedrock of that law was that, if work-ers work and they put money aside for their pensions, that pension money will be there for them. But our bill lacks sufficient bipar-tisan support. So back last December, it was very reassuring for me to stand with my colleagues Representative R
ICHIE NEAL of Massachusetts and, from the other body, Senator SHERROD  B
ROWN as we introduced the Butch Lewis Act, H.R. 4444 and S. 2147. In the House, this legislation now has two Republican cosponsors, and I hope many more of our colleagues’ support will follow. But there is not time to re-cruit cosponsors one or two at a time. Retirees across our country are wait-ing for true leadership to push an equi-table solution so they aren’t led to the guillotine on their pensions. It is time for real congressional leadership to identify the impact this crisis will have and organize an effort here either to create a new bipartisan solution or pass the already bipartisan Butch Lewis Act. If we fail to act, we can no longer wonder why the middle class is angry at Washington and this Congress, for they see this as just another broken promise by Washington. We can no longer wonder why they believe the system is rigged, because here are more than a million honest Americans who worked for a living decade after dec-ade. They worked hard. They followed the rules, and now they are getting thrown under the bus. The companies they worked for reneged on their prom-ises. And you know what? Unless we do something, the promise under ERISA will remain unfulfilled, and that is their pension security. I would say to my colleagues, if you ever wonder why tens and tens of mil-lions of Americans are angry and deep-ly disappointed or feel betrayed by their government and the companies they worked for, look no further than this issue. I remember one man who didn’t come from my State, but I met him here in Washington. He said: Congresswoman, I earned and put away $225,000 in my pension plan, and they told me I had to work 20 years. So I drove 20 years, drove a truck 20 years. And he said: I started to have back problems. And when I got to my 20th year and I made it through, I said to them: Well, I am ready to apply. And the company said: You know what? We changed the rules. You have to work 2 more years. So he said: Two more years? Okay. So he made every effort that he could under great pain to work those 2 years up through his 22nd year of employ-ment as a driver, and then at the 22nd year, the company said: You know what? We changed the rules. Now you are going to have to work an additional 3 years. Imagine having promises broken all the time. And now he is disabled. He has dif-ficulty standing, sitting. He has pain all the time. And he has not been able to gain access to a penny of money that he earned. Surely, if someone at the White House is listening to this, if you think about President Trump’s travels through Ohio when he talked to the miners and he sought their vote, or in Chicago with those who drove a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09JA7.123 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH80 January 9, 2018 
truck and paid into the Central States Pension Fund, the promises that were made, surely we can find a way to help keep the pension promises that these workers earned. I want to thank all of the Members who cosponsored our former bill, the Keep Our Pension Promises Act, and the Butch Lewis Act, and I thank Members of both parties for trying to find a solution, a real solution, for this crisis. We are moving toward it. We really don’t have any time to waste be-cause Congress must reach a solution early this year, and we should look no further than including that pension re-lief in the upcoming spending deal that is being negotiated between the White House and this Congress now. Pensions now. Pensions now. These workers have earned their pension. Why has the government of the United States made it so difficult and made their retirement years so stressful by not reaching a solution to date? I make a strong appeal on behalf of over a mil-lion workers across this country who so justly earned the pension benefits that they deserve. I thank my colleagues who are listen-ing. I thank the American people for writing us and for sharing their per-sonal stories with us. I have great hope, in these final negotiations on a spending bill for 2018 which is currently under negotiation at the highest levels, that this pension issue finally will be resolved. Keep the letters and emails and phone calls and visits coming. This is the time to make your weight felt. Mr. Speaker, thank you so very much, and I yield back my remaining time. 
f 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1425. An act to reauthorize the Inte-grated Coastal and Ocean Observation Sys-tem Act of 2009, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology; in addition, to the Committee on Natural Resources for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 3759. An act to provide for the estab-lishment and maintenance of a Family Caregiving Strategy, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 7 o’clock and 27 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, January 10, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3615. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Certificate of Release or Dis-charge from Active Duty (DD Form 214/5 Se-ries) [Docket ID: DOD-2017-OS-0044] (RIN: 0790-AJ88) received December 21, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 3616. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s interpretive rule — Amended Interpretive Rule Under the Military Lending Act Limi-tations on Terms of Consumer Credit Ex-tended to Service Members and Dependents [Docket ID: DOD-2017-OS-0038] (RIN: 0790- ZA13) received December 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 3617. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to the Western Balkans that was declared in Executive Order 13219 of June 26, 2001, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3618. A letter from the Assistant to the Board, Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System, transmitting the Board’s joint final rule — Community Reinvestment Act Regulations [Regulation BB; Docket No.: R- 1574] received December 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 3619. A letter from the Assistant to the Board, Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System, transmitting the Board’s final rules — Appraisals for Higher-Priced Mort-gage Loans Exemption Threshold [Docket No.: R-1580] (RIN: 7100-AD 87) received De-cember 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 3620. A letter from the Assistant to the Board, Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System, transmitting the Board’s final rule — Rules Regarding Availability of Infor-mation [Docket No.: R-1556] (RIN: 7100-AE65) received December 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 3621. A letter from the Assistant to the Board, Division of Consumer and Community Affairs, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting the Board’s final rules — Consumer Leasing (Regulation M) [Docket No.: R-1579] (RIN: 7100 AE-86) re-ceived December 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 3622. A letter from the Assistant to the Board, Division of Consumer and Community Affairs, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting the Board’s final rules — Truth in Lending (Regulation Z) [Docket No.: R-1581] (RIN: 7100 AE-88) re-ceived December 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 3623. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of California Air Plan Revisions; Anti-Idling Regulations [EPA-R09-OAR-2017-0383; FRL-9972-49-Region 9] received December 19, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 3624. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Finding of Failure to Sub-mit a Section 110 State Implementation Plan for Interstate Transport for the 2012 Annual National Ambient Air Quality Standards for Fine Particles; Massachusetts [EPA-R01- OAR-2017-0695; FRL-9972-39-Region 1] re-ceived December 19, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 3625. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Texas; Reasonably Available Control Technology for Volatile Organic Compound Emissions in the Dallas- Fort Worth Ozone Nonattainment Area [EPA-R06-OAR-2015-0832; FRL-9972-00-Region 6] received December 19, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 3626. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Louisiana; Re-gional Haze State Implementation Plan [EPA-R06-OAR-2016-0520; EPA-R06-OAR-2017- 0129; FRL-9971-85-Region 6] received Decem-ber 19, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3627. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Implementation Plans; Arkan-sas; Revisions to the Definitions for Arkan-sas Plan of Implementation for Air Pollution Control: Volatile Organic Compounds [EPA- R06-OAR-2017-0699; FRL- 9971-86-Region 6] re-ceived December 19, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 3628. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Amine salt of styrene acryl-ic polymer, ammonium salt; Tolerance Ex-emption [EPA-HQ-OPP-2017-0248; FRL-9970- 89] received December 19, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 3629. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s withdrawal of direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Wisconsin; 2017 revisions to NR 400 and 406 [EPA-R05-OAR-2017-0280; FRL- 9972-32-Region 5] received December 19, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 3630. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Ohio; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Apr 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JANUARY\H09JA8.REC H09JA8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H81 January 9, 2018 
Regional Haze Five-Year Progress Report State Implementation Plan [EPA-R05-OAR- 2016-0185; FRL-9972-34-Region 5] received De-cember 19, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3631. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s withdrawal of direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Illinois; Volatile Organic Compounds Definition [EPA-R05-OAR-2017- 0323; FRL-9972-33-Region 5] received Decem-ber 19, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3632. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Wire-less Telecommunications Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Accelerating Wireless Broadband Deployment by Remov-ing Barriers to Infrastructure Investment [WT Docket No.: 17-79] received December 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3633. A letter from the Division Chief, Broadband Division, Wireless Telecommuni-cations Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Use of Spectrum Bands Above 24 GHz for Mobile Radio Services [GN Docket No.: 14-177]; Establishing a More Flexible Framework to Facilitate Satellite Oper-ations in the 27.5-28.35 GHz and 37.5-40 GHz Bands [IB Docket No.: 15-256]; and other reg-ulations received December 29, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3634. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — 2014 Quadrennial Regulatory Review — Review of the Commission’s Broadcast Ownership Rules and Other Rules Adopted Pursuant to Section 202 of the Telecommuni-cations Act of 1996 [MB Docket No.:14-50]; 2010 Quadrennial Regulatory Review — Re-view of the Commission’s Broadcast Owner-ship Rules and Other Rules Adopted Pursu-ant to Section 202 of the Telecommuni-cations Act of 1996 [MB Docket No.: 09-182]; and other regulations received December 29, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3635. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to terrorists who threat-en to disrupt the Middle East peace process that was declared in Executive Order 12947 of January 23, 1995, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 3636. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting reports concerning international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(a); Pub-lic Law 92-403, Sec. 1(a) (as amended by Pub-lic Law 108-458, Sec. 7121(b)); (118 Stat. 3807); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3637. A letter from the Staff Director, Con-gressional-Executive Commission on China, transmitting the 2017 Annual Report of the Congressional-Executive Commission on China, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 6912(g); Public Law 106-286, Sec. 302(g); (114 Stat. 897); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3638. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 17-68, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 3639. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Congressional and Intergovern-mental Relations, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting the Department’s Fiscal Year 2017 Ginnie Mae Annual Management Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 9106(a)(1); Public Law 97-258 (as amended by Public Law 101-576, Sec. 306(a)) (104 Stat. 2854); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 3640. A letter from the Division Chief, Reg-ulatory Affairs, Bureau of Land Manage-ment, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Effec-tuating Congressional Nullification of the Resource Management Planning Rule Under the Congressional Review Act [Docket ID: BLM-2016-0002; LLWO210000.17X.L16100000.PN0000] (RIN: 1004- AE39) received December 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 3641. A letter from the Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fishery; Georges Bank Cod Possession and Trip Limit Adjustment for the Common Pool Fishery [Docket No.: 151211999-6343-02] (RIN: 0648- XF713) received December 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 3642. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Mackerel, Squid, and Butterfish Fishery; 2017 Illex Squid Quota Harvested [Docket No.: 140902739-5224-02] (RIN: 0648-XF672) received December 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 3643. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Scup Fishery; Adjustment to the 2017 Winter II Quota [Docket No.: 161017970-6999-02] (RIN: 0648-XF651) received December 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 3644. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — 2018 Standard Mileage Rates [Notice 2018-03] received December 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 3645. A letter from the Acting Secretary, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a Declaration of a Public Health Emergency and Waiver and/or Modi-fication of Certain HIPAA, and Medicare, Medicaid, and Children’s Health Insurance Program Requirements (California wildfires), pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1320b-5(d); Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, title XI, Sec. 1135(d) (as added by Public Law 107-188, Sec. 143(a)); (116 Stat. 628) and 42 U.S.C. 247d(a); July 1, 1944, ch. 373, title III, Sec. 319(a) (as amended by Public Law 107-188, Sec. 144(a)); (116 Stat. 630); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. M CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 4577. A bill to establish a work-ing group to determine ways to develop a do-mestic canine breeding network to produce high quality explosives detection canines, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–488). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 4564. A bill to require a threat assessment on current foreign terrorist fighter activities, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–489). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 4567. A bill to require a Depart-ment of Homeland Security overseas per-sonnel enhancement plan, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 115–490). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 4569. A bill to require counter-terrorism information sharing coordination, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–491). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 4578. A bill to authorize certain counter terrorist networks activities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–492). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the State of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 4581. A bill to require the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to develop best practices for utilizing advanced passenger in-formation and passenger name record data for counterterrorism screening and vetting operations, and for other purposes (Rept. 115– 493). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 4553. A bill to require a review of the authorization, funding, management, and operation of the National Targeting Cen-ter and the Terrorist Screening Center, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–494, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 1486. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to provide funding to secure non-profit facilities from terrorist attacks, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–495). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 4433. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to require the Under Secretary for Management of the De-partment of Homeland Security to achieve security of sensitive assets among the com-ponents of the Department of Homeland Se-curity, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–496). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 4559. A bill to conduct a global aviation security review, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 115–497). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 4561. A bill to provide for third party testing of transportation security screening technology, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 115–498). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L09JA7.000 H09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH82 January 9, 2018 
Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 4555. A bill to authorize the par-ticipation in overseas interagency counter-terrorism task forces of personnel of the De-partment of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–499). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING–: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 4519. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to repeal certain disclosure requirements related to resource extraction, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–500). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP (UT): Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 4475. A bill to provide for the establishment of the National Volcano Early Warning and Monitoring System; with an amendment (Rept. 115–501). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP (UT): Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 4568. A bill to amend the Geothermal Steam Act of 1970 to promote timely exploration for geothermal resources under geothermal leases, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 115–502). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. COLE: Committee on Rules: House Resolution 681. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (S. 140) to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund (Rept. 115–503). Referred to the House Cal-endar. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 682. Resolution pro-viding for consideration of the bill (S. 139) to implement the use of Rapid DNA instru-ments to inform decisions about pretrial re-lease or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other pur-poses (Rept. 115–504). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania: H.R. 4742. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 to require the principal campaign committee of a candidate in a general election for the office of Presi-dent to file a certification that the candidate has undergone a medical examination con-ducted by a medical office under the jurisdic-tion of the Secretary of the Navy; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. CHABOT (for himself and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ): H.R. 4743. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management within the Small Business Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. M
CCAUL (for himself, Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. R OYCE of California, and Mr. E
NGEL ): H.R. 4744. A bill to impose additional sanc-tions with respect to serious human rights abuses of the Government of Iran, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, Financial Services, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 4745. A bill to designate the Emanci-pation National Historic Trail, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mrs. BEATTY: H.R. 4746. A bill to amend the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act to specify when bank holding com-panies may be subject to certain enhanced supervision; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. CONAWAY (for himself and Ms. CHENEY ): H.R. 4747. A bill to prohibit the Govern-ment from using or contracting with an enti-ty that uses certain telecommunications services or equipment, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mrs. D EMINGS , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. S UOZZI , and Mr. K HANNA ): H.R. 4748. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to deny a deduction for sev-erance payments made in connection with sexual misconduct; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 4749. A bill to amend the Agricultural Trade Act of 1978 to establish a program to enhance transparency and traceability of food products and ingredients that are ex-ported to the United States in order to pro-tect American consumers and American food manufacturers against mislabeling, adulter-ation, and fraud; to the Committee on Agri-culture. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania: H.R. 4742. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion, the General Welfare Clause. By Mr. CHABOT: H.R. 4743. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution By Mr. M
CCAUL: H.R. 4744. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 4745. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mrs. BEATTY: H.R. 4746. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution which grants Congress the power to regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. CONAWAY: H.R. 4747. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, sec 8. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 4748. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 4749. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 113: Ms. B ASSand Mr. T IPTON . H.R. 184: Mr. C
URTIS . H.R. 365: Mr. M
ARCHANT . H.R. 466: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 499: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 506: Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. H OLLINGS -
WORTH , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mrs. H ANDEL , Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. T AYLOR , Mr. L
AMBORN , Mrs. R OBY, and Mr. S TIVERS . H.R. 535: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 586: Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 669: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 788: Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi and Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 801: Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 820: Ms. L
EE, Mr. I SSA, Mr. G ONZALEZ  of Texas, Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana, and Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana. H.R. 850: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. W
OMACK , Mrs. H ANDEL , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. P
OSEY , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, and Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida. H.R. 919: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 975: Mr. B
LUMand Mr. M OULTON . H.R. 1038: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 1192: Mr. B
UCKand Mr. H UDSON . H.R. 1227: Mr. K
IHUEN . H.R. 1251: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 1439: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 1457: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida and Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 1494: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania and Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 1542: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 1552: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 1626: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 1818: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. H AS-
TINGS , and Mr. B ACON . H.R. 1868: Ms. G
ABBARD , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 1885: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 1926: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 1939: Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 1955: Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 2004: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 2184: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 2248: Mr. C
ICILLINE and Ms. B ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 2259: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 2272: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 2366: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 2670: Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 2683: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 2723: Mr. M
CHENRY and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JANUARY\H09JA8.REC H09JA8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H83 January 9, 2018 
H.R. 2740: Mr. M OOLENAAR and Mr. C UM-
MINGS . H.R. 2790: Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 2871: Mr. T
AYLOR . H.R. 2913: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 2996: Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. P OSEY , and Mrs. H
ANDEL . H.R. 3079: Mr. D
OGGETT . H.R. 3197: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3320: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 3378: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 3552: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 3637: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 3641: Ms. P
LASKETT and Mr. Z ELDIN . H.R. 3671: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 3730: Mr. H
ARPER . H.R. 3871: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 3887: Mr. I
SSA. H.R. 3976: Mr. C
ULBERSON , Mr. T HOMAS J. R
OONEY of Florida, Mr. H OLLINGSWORTH , Mr. C
URTIS , Mr. H UNTER , and Mr. G IBBS. H.R. 4078: Mr. G
OODLATTE . H.R. 4086: Mr. K
NIGHT . H.R. 4096: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 4115: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 4143: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´Nand Mr. M
CEACHIN . H.R. 4202: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 4215: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 4240: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 4242: Mr. HUDSON . H.R. 4245: Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 4253: Ms. R
OSEN and Ms. D ELAURO . H.R. 4256: Mr. C
OMER , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Ms. M ATSUI , and Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 4271: Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. S MITH of Washington, and Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 4274: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. H
ARRIS , Mr. A RRINGTON , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. H
ENSARLING , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. B
LACK , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. L AMALFA , and Mr. P OSEY . H.R. 4318: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 4328: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 4340: Mr. P
ALAZZO . H.R. 4345: Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. H
ECK, and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 4392: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania and Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 4396: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 4398: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 4424: Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 4444: Mr. R
ICHMOND , Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. D
EGETTE , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , Ms. B ROWNLEY  of California, Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. P ERL-MUTTER , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. K
HANNA , and Mr. C RAMER . H.R. 4473: Mr. K
ILMER and Ms. M CSALLY . H.R. 4525: Mr. H
UFFMAN and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 4541: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 4547: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, and Mrs. N OEM. H.R. 4549: Mr. P
ERRY . H.R. 4565: Mr. D
EFAZIO and Mrs. W ALORSKI . H.R. 4575: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 4584: Mr. B
UDD. H.R. 4607: Mr. W
ILLIAMS and Mr. T IPTON . H.R. 4625: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 4666: Mr. L
ANCE and Mr. U PTON . H.R. 4684: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H. Con. Res. 63: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mis- sissippi, Ms. M
ATSUI , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. K EN-
NEDY , and Mr. V ARGAS . H. Con. Res. 81: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H. Res. 188: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H. Res. 252: Mr. K
IHUEN . H. Res. 369: Mr. D
ELANEY . H. Res. 405: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H. Res. 466: Mrs. W
AGNER , Ms. K ELLY of Il- linois, Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. N ORCROSS , and Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H. Res. 632: Mr. S
TIVERS . H. Res. 676: Mr. D
ESANTIS , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. Y
OHO, and Ms. H ANABUSA . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA7.021 H09JAPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S81 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JANUARY 9, 2018 No. 5 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable B
EN S
ASSE, a Senator from the State of Ne-braska. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. O God, our help in ages past, our hope for years to come, enter the lives of our lawmakers today and give them pure hearts. Enlighten and illuminate their minds that they may know You, who are the way, the truth, and the life. When they are tired, refresh them; when they are lonely, cheer them; when they are tempted, strengthen them; and when they are perplexed, guide them. Lord, help them so to live that they will be prepared to see Your face in peace. Make our Senators posi-tive people who are expectant of Your best for our Nation and world. Radiate Your hope through them so that Amer-ica will remain a shining city on a hill. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, January 9, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable BENSASSE, a Senator from the State of Nebraska, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. SASSE thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, yes-terday, I mentioned that, already, 1 million Americans and counting will receive raises or special bonuses, thanks to the incentives created by the historic tax reform law that Congress passed and the President signed just last month. For example, Darden Restaurants, Inc., which employs 175,000 people, an-nounced it is preparing to invest $20 million in its most important asset— its employees. AT&T announced that 200,000 employees would receive $1,000 bonuses. In Kentucky, Turning Point Brands announced that their workers would also receive $1,000 bonuses. So far, more than 100 companies have an-nounced similar plans. Across the country and a variety of different industries, workers are re-ceiving significant one-time bonuses, permanent pay raises, more generous retirement contributions, or other ben-efits. And their employers confirm that it was tax reform that made this pos-sible. How is all this happening? How is it happening? After all, those who were intent on opposing tax reform painted an apocalyptic picture. Over in the House, the minority leader said tax re-form was ‘‘Armageddon.’’ Here in the Senate, my friend the Democratic lead-er said there was ‘‘nothing about this bill that suits the needs of the Amer-ican worker.’’ Fortunately, a majority in the House and a majority in the Senate knew bet-ter. We know that the economy is not a zero-sum game. We know it is com-pletely backward to think that Amer-ican businesses need to lose in order for American workers to win. To the con-trary, in the 21st century economy, Americans are all in this together. When our economy grows stagnant and when taxes and regulations make it harder for companies to compete with foreign ones, that is when wages fall flat and job opportunities dry up. But when Washington gets out of the way, cuts back regulations, and mod-ernizes the Tax Code, when we give businesses more flexibility to invest and expand, then, as we are already seeing, workers reap the benefits. This is not some partisan talking point. As one economist wrote just be-fore we passed tax reform, ‘‘It’s the consensus view of professional econo-mists’’ that ‘‘lowering corporate in-come taxes would increase the wages of workers.’’ Tax reform became law less than 1 month ago—1 month ago—and thanks to tax reform, as this chart points out, 1 million American workers and count-ing are getting a bonus or a raise. That is what is happening, and this is just the beginning. Raises and bonuses are not the only way tax reform is providing a big help to middle-class families, like the Ken-tuckians I represent. The law also cuts taxes substantially for individuals and families, so they can keep more of their own money and send less to Washington. We reduced marginal rates. We dou-bled the standard deduction, effec-tively creating a new zero tax bracket 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA6.000 S09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES82 January 9, 2018 
for the first $24,000 a family earns—zero taxes on the first $24,000 a family earns. We significantly increased the child tax credit. We expanded the de-duction for medical expenses, and the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act repealed the pu-nitive individual mandate tax penalty at the heart of ObamaCare. That law penalized hard-working Americans twice—first by failing to create health insurance options that met the needs of working families and then by impos-ing a heavy fine on the families who didn’t want or couldn’t afford the cov-erage. By zeroing out that unfair pen-alty, we have repealed a core piece of ObamaCare and restored families’ flexi-bility to choose the health insurance that works for them. The result of all this is significant savings for middle-class American fam-ilies. A typical family of four earning a median family income will keep more than $2,000 this year that they would have otherwise sent to the government. Workers will begin to see the difference in their paychecks as soon as Feb-ruary. Less of their money will be de-ducted and sent to the IRS. More will be deposited into their own bank ac-counts. So the early impact of this historic tax reform legislation is quite clear. Job creators and entrepreneurs are more optimistic, more than 1 million Americans are already getting raises and bonuses, and the groundwork is being laid for a more powerful and more competitive U.S. economy that attracts more investment and creates more homegrown jobs. It is no surprise that, historically, tax cuts have enjoyed bipartisan sup-port. This time, unfortunately, none of our Democratic colleagues chose to vote for this once-in-a-generation tax relief—not a one in the House or in the Senate. But I am proud that the ma-jorities in Congress were able to pass this bill so that the President could sign it into law. One million Ameri-cans, and soon to be many more, will be grateful. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
FUNDING THE GOVERNMENT Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, there are a number of outstanding matters before the Senate that must be ad-dressed by January 19. We must pass an extension of government funding. We must reach a deal to lift the spending caps to spare devastating cuts to our military support and funding for ur-gent domestic priorities. We must ex-tend the Children’s Health Insurance Program and community health cen-ters and the 702 FISA Court program. We must pass disaster aid, and we must resolve the future of the Dreamers. Some of these issues, particularly CHIP and FISA, could have been dealt with by the majority a long time ago. There are bipartisan majorities that would have voted to extend those pro-grams, but the majority leader chose not to put them on the floor because they were busy pursuing a partisan ‘‘favor the wealthy’’ tax bill. Some of these issues still require fur-ther compromise. It is no secret that we haven’t come to final agreement on the spending caps. Both Democrats and Republicans want our troops to have the resources they need to do the tough job we ask of them. At the same time, we Democrats want to make sure that we are making the right kinds of in-vestments in the middle class. The whole campaign was about the middle class, and now we are going to abandon them because there are such needs for defense. The two are not mutually ex-clusive. We don’t believe they are, and our Republican colleagues have sort of lost their grip on saying: Well, we can’t increase the deficit, after a $1.5 trillion tax cut mainly for the wealthy and powerful corporations. So we are fighting hard to make sure we are making the right kinds of in-vestments in the middle class. That is why we are pushing hard to raise the spending caps on the domestic side, so we can do more in the fight against the opioid crisis, so we can do more to help our brave veterans get quality healthcare, and so we honor the prom-ise made to over a million pensioners who contributed to and earned every penny of their pensions. These are all very important issues. Ask a mom or dad whose kid is addicted to opioids whether that can wait. Ask a pensioner who is so nervous that he or she will not get enough dollars to retire on and feed themselves. Ask a veteran who has been waiting in line for healthcare be-cause the Veterans’ Administration is not fully funded for the healthcare needs of our veterans. They all think those are just as important—not more, not less than funding defense. We will stand firm and strong that both are im-portant. The only argument our col-leagues seem to have against this is that it increases the deficit and, as I said, they lost all claim to that one with the tax bill. Now, teamsters, carpenters, and min-ers have worked their entire lives under the expectation that they could retire with a sense of dignity afforded by a modest pension. These are the ones our colleagues seem to be just adamantly opposed to. Let them go home to their miners, to their team-sters, to their food workers and tell them: You don’t deserve a pension even though you paid in every month. We can’t just shrug our shoulders and do nothing. We ought to fix it. My friend, the majority leader, thinks defense is important, but the other is not. We Democrats believe both are important, and we must and should do both together. Surely, the deficit, again, can’t be the problem after adding over $1.5 trillion in red ink. So let’s make investments we know are essential in our military and in our middle class. We will also have to make sure the disaster package treats all our States and territories fairly; that California and Puerto Rico and the Mountain West and the U.S. Virgin Islands get the aid they need, just like Texas and Louisiana and Florida. We have to reach agreement on a new healthcare package that admits the new reality of our healthcare system. The Republicans repealed the indi-vidual mandate in their tax bill, an act that will raise premiums and lower coverage. The old healthcare com-promise legislation was crafted before the Republican tax bill. PATTY MURRAY  has said, under new circumstances, we need a new proposal. We cannot just enact the previous Alexander-Murray bill because of the change our Repub-lican colleagues made to the healthcare system. Then, of course, there is the DACA issue. That is going to require further compromise. There are many Repub-licans in this Chamber who want to en-shrine DACA protections into law—as every Democrat does—just as there are many Democrats who would pass addi-tional border security measures into law—smart, reasonable, and practical border measures. A deal on this issue can be reached if both parties are com-mitted to good-faith negotiations. The problem thus far has been Presi-dent Trump’s insistence on a com-pletely ineffective and absurdly expen-sive wall as part of any deal on DACA. In fact, we learned this morning, in a stunning New York Times article by Ron Nixon, that the Trump adminis-tration is proposing to cut back from smart border security measures to pay for a border wall. I ask unanimous con-sent that the article by Mr. Nixon in the New York Times be printed in the R
ECORD at the conclusion of my re-marks. According to the Times, which re-viewed internal budget guidance from the OMB, the Trump administration would cut or delay funding for border surveillance, cut or delay funding for radar technology, patrol boats, and, maybe more crucially, Customs offi-cers, all to ask taxpayers to pay for the wall—funding to upgrade surveillance aircraft, extremely effective at stop-ping illegal crossing at the border, par-ticularly drugs, denied; funding to hire new Customs officers, denied; funding for video surveillance with infrared cameras in areas with high incidents of border crossings, cut to ‘‘offset the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JA6.001 S09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S83 January 9, 2018 
costs of Presidential priorities.’’ What an absurd proposition. Security experts have testified for decades that effective border security includes a variety of technologies and resources, drones, infrared sensors, Customs and Border Patrol agents, and officers. In some places, secure fence is appropriate. We agree with that. These were all ideas included in comprehen-sive immigration reform. That the Trump administration would can-nibalize funding for these smart border security measures to pay for a wall that will not work makes no sense. He said he campaigned on it. Oh, no, Mr. President. You campaigned on a wall that Mexico would pay for. We are waiting, but, again, to take away the things that are needed to protect the border for a symbolic and ineffective political gesture is wrong. There is nothing to this than politics. President Trump is fighting for an empty symbol rather than smart policy that will ac-tually produce better security at our borders. We Democrats are willing, able, and eager to work with our Re-publican colleagues and the adminis-tration on smart, effective border solu-tions. As I have said, there may be a few de-fined places where a secure fence makes sense, but a medieval wall that you can’t see through across the length of the southern border will not make us any safer. Walls can be scaled over. Walls can be tunneled under. There are, as I have been told, many tunnels under the wall in San Diego, some of which have not been detected. There is also the issue of eminent do-main. The Federal Government would have to conscript hundreds of square miles of land from American citizens to build a wall. The administration still hasn’t produced plans for where to put it, and, of course, President Trump promised, once again, that Mexico would pay for it, not taxpayers. If you can read anything into the election, it was for that. The polling data shows the majority of Americans don’t be-lieve the wall is the right thing to do. It is not responsible to insist that American taxpayers pay for an ab-surdly expensive and ineffective border wall or else the government shuts down. If the President goes down that path and insists on the wall or shuts down the government, which he said back in September, make no mistake about it, a government shutdown will fall entirely on his shoulders. If President Trump can find a way to get Mexico to pay for the wall, while American taxpayers pay for things that really make a difference to secure the border, he should reveal that to the American people. Until that time, Democrats will work with our Repub-lican colleagues on smart border secu-rity, effective border security, just as we fight to protect the Dreamers. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: [From the New York Times, Jan. 8, 2018] T
OPAY FOR WALL; TRUMP WOULD CUT P
ROVEN BORDER SECURITY MEASURES  (By Ron Nixon) The Trump administration would cut or delay funding for border surveillance, radar technology, patrol boats and customs agents in its upcoming spending plan to curb illegal immigration—all proven security measures that officials and experts have said are more effective than building a wall along the Mexican border. President Trump has made the border wall a focus of his campaign against illegal immi-gration to stop drugs, terrorists and gangs like MS–13 from coming into the United States. Under spending plans submitted last week to Congress, the wall would cost $18 billion over the next 10 years, and be erected along nearly 900 miles of the southern bor-der. The wall also has become a bargaining chip in negotiations with Congress as lawmakers seek to prevent nearly 800,000 young undocu-mented immigrants from being deported. But security experts said the president’s focus on a border wall ignores the constantly evolving nature of terrorism, immigration and drug trafficking. ‘‘People that are dealing with this issue know that a third-century solution to a 21st- century problem is not going to fix this long- term,’’ said Representative Will Hurd, Re-publican of Texas and a former C.I.A. officer. Mr. Hurd, whose district includes more than 800 miles of border territory with Mexico, has pushed for more funding for sensors and other border security technologies. Homeland Security officials have long and frequently described border security as a ho-listic system, made up not just of walls and fencing but also patrol routes, lighting, cam-eras, sensors and personnel. David Bier, a policy analyst with the Cato Institute, said a border wall would do little to stop the drug trade. Most of the cocaine, heroin and methamphetamines smuggled into the United States come through legal ports of entry rather than areas that would be stopped by a wall, according to the Drug Enforcement Administration. Nor would a wall stop illegal immigration, other experts said. Data from the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and research groups like the New York-based Center for Migration Studies show that most undocu-mented immigrants now simply overstay le-gally obtained short-term visas—and did not sneak across the border. ‘‘So unless the wall is 35,000 feet high, it’s not going to do much to stop those over-staying these visas,’’ said Robert Warren, a fellow at the Center for Migration Studies who has worked on immigration issues for Republican and Democratic presidents. Additionally, Mr. Warren said, many peo-ple who have been stopped by the Border Pa-trol in recent years are seeking asylum —in-cluding some who simply walk up to agents and surrender. Mr. Trump’s budget request for a wall rep-resents more than half of the $33 billion spending blueprint for border security over the next decade. It either eliminates critical funding for border security programs or shifts money from them, threatening to leave gaping holes. A Government Account-ability Office study released last February found that Customs and Border Protection has not shown how much fencing and walls bolster border security. An internal budget guidance document for the 2019 fiscal year shows that the White House Office of Management and Budget asked officials at the Homeland Security De-partment to reduce or delay funding requests for additional border security technology and equipment. Instead, the document in-structed, Homeland Security should dra-matically increase funding for a wall on the Mexico border. Homeland Security officials said the plans are subject to change. Still, the document underscores the priority that a border wall remains for Mr. Trump, who promised its construction during his presidential cam-paign. It also instructed the department to seek $1.6 billion in the upcoming fiscal year to build 74 miles of a border wall—about $700 million more than Homeland Security offi-cials felt they needed to build that. Parts of the document were viewed by The New York Times; the rest of it was based on reports by the Democratic staff of the Sen-ate Homeland Security Committee. The cuts include money for a remote video surveillance system in the Rio Grande Val-ley in South Texas, an area known for high numbers of border crossings and drug smug-gling. The system is composed of infrared cameras mounted on poles, towers and build-ings, allowing Border Patrol agents to track attempted smuggling and border crossings. In the internal document, the White House budget office called the surveillance system important but said its funding requests were lowered ‘‘to offset the costs of presidential priorities not funded in the D.H.S. request.’’ Customs and Border Protection faces sev-eral cuts. Its $7.9 million request for technology up-grades to its P–3 surveillance aircraft—which operates thousands of miles beyond Amer-ican borders to track narcotics being shipped from Colombia, Peru and other drug pro-ducing countries—was denied. In 2016, the latest data available, the P–3 aircrews con-tributed to 145 drug seizures, helping Amer-ican and foreign authorities capture a com-bined 34,108 pounds of marijuana and 193,197 pounds of cocaine. The internal document also suggested de-laying a request to buy 15 new Coastal Inter-ceptor boats to catch drug smugglers. The agency had sought nearly $15 million to re-place its aging fleet to keep up with drug smugglers’ smaller, faster boats. It also would cut nearly 200 of the 500 ca-nine units that customs officials say play a key role in programs to prevent terrorism and drug smuggling. The dogs’ handlers would then be reassigned to ports on the southwest border to help with staffing short-ages. ‘‘The lack of funding and the elimination of the canine teams is shortsighted and poses a serious threat to border security,’’ said Tony Reardon, the president of the National Treasury Employees Union, which represents customs officers. ‘‘If you are going to focus on border security, you can’t do that without talking about the men and women who man these ports of entry.’’ Perhaps most significantly, the proposed budget would not fund the hiring of new cus-toms officers—the agents who denied 200,000 people from entering the United States at ports of entry in fiscal 2017 and who stopped 600,000 pounds of drugs, including cocaine, heroin, meth and fentanyl. Customs officers also intercepted nearly $70 million in illicit currency, much of it headed back across the border to fill the coffers of Mexican drug car-tels. Experts said the absence of hiring funds could potentially have the most impact on border security; the agents form a crucial line of defense against smugglers and ter-rorist threats. An internal Customs and Bor-der Protection review showed that the agen-cy’s ranks were about 3,700 officers below re-quired levels, according to the National Treasury Employees Union. By comparison, Mr. Trump has called for hiring 5,000 additional Border Patrol agents 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JA6.003 S09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES84 January 9, 2018 
and 10,000 new Immigration and Customs En-forcement agents. ‘‘A wall is the single most expensive thing you can do in terms of trying to secure the border, and not necessarily the most effec-tive on its own,’’ said Doris Meissner, who was the top immigration official during the Clinton administration. ‘‘If you want to be strategic about it, you want to invest in technologies and programs that can stop threats well before they can actually get to the border.’’ 
Mr. SCHUMER. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, just over 2 weeks ago, President Trump signed a historic tax reform bill into law. Some, not really knowing what was in the bill and people who were de-termined to find fault with it, were let’s just say a little skeptical at first. They wondered what this whole thing was about and who would actually ben-efit. But now the verdict is starting to come in. Many folks are pleasantly sur-prised, for the first time in a while, knowing that Congress and Wash-ington, DC, actually have produced something that will make their lives better. They are appreciative because they are seeing the immediate con-sequences. In response, more than 100 companies have announced they will give wage increases, they will increase their charitable contributions, and they will give bonuses to their employ-ees. One million Americans are receiv-ing money they previously didn’t have, thanks to passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. But it is not just about bonuses, of course. We expect that once the IRS updates its withholding tables, wages will rise, too, take-home pay will go up, and hopefully people will see that in their paychecks in February. As my colleague the junior Senator from Ohio wrote last week, ‘‘With this tax reform, the proof will be in your paycheck.’’ Families can spend that extra money any way they wish, of course. That is the point. They can spend it on projects long delayed. They can spend it on their kids. They can give it as an allowance or some modest compensa-tion for chores performed or apply it to their kids’ future education, or people may just figure out they want to save for a rainy day. The number is pretty shocking as far as how many Ameri-cans are living paycheck to paycheck and cannot sustain a $400 loss in in-come and make things work for them. So this will provide them, if they wish, a little bit of cushion for a rainy day. They can donate it to their house of worship. They can help a neighbor or a friend who has fallen on hard times. In some places, we are learning that families will enjoy lower utility rates based on what gas and electric compa-nies are doing for their residential cus-tomers in light of their new tax sav-ings. In places such as Michigan, Mon-tana, Minnesota, Kansas, Kentucky, South Dakota, and Arizona, the utility regulators in those States are looking at the tax reduction of those investor- owned utilities and how that will cal-culate into the rate of return that they are guaranteed under the law. But it looks to me as if it will be good news for consumers, that lower heating bills will be the result during the chilly times of the year and lower air-condi-tioning costs and other electricity costs when spring and summer come around. So it is encouraging to see this sort of perhaps unexpected consequence of tax reform but one that will directly benefit consumers. This is real, it is significant, and it is like priming our economic pump—a lit-tle push here and a pull there because of tax reform, and all of a sudden, the entire engine of the American economy is chugging along and will soon be run-ning at full speed. In Texas, you can hear the economy humming along healthily, and we should listen. We should listen to the voices of the job creators like one in New Braunfels, which is between Aus-tin and San Antonio. It is called Rush Enterprises. Rush Enterprises special-izes in commercial vehicles. It reported last month that it planned to give each of its 6,600 employees a $1,000 bonus after President Trump signed the tax reform into law—$1,000 each to 6,600 employees. The chief financial officer of Rush Enterprises talked about the additional savings the company would incur as a result of the reduction in its tax rate, which fell from 35 percent to 21 percent. He said: 
You’ve got a choice. We could’ve kept it and stuffed it in the company bank account or coffers, or we can share it with the people. We chose to share it with the people because it’s the right thing to do. 
Well, I couldn’t be prouder of that demonstration of the great Texas spir-it—employers paying it forward. This gentleman went on to say that his company believes tax reform will be beneficial not only for his office and his employees but also for his commu-nity and for overall economic growth. To him, it is about the bigger picture. New Braunfels, though, isn’t the only place where companies are paying it forward. A telecom giant, AT&T, headquartered in Dallas, TX, and two prominent airlines—American Airlines and Southwest Airlines—have re-sponded in similar fashion, offering large bonuses to hundreds of thousands of their employees and promising to make significant capital investments in the future and update their fleet of aircraft—all with the savings they will incur as a result of this Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Meanwhile, a restaurant company that owns a chain of popular steakhouses in Texas and elsewhere has announced it will use its savings from lower rates—about $70 million—to improve customer service and to pro-vide additional benefits to its employ-ees. The restaurants will be spending a significant amount of money to make sure the dining experience is more worthwhile, hopefully providing not only jobs to the people who prepare the food but those who serve it and the vendors who sell it. Not only will this legislation have the effect of improving a waiter’s and waitress’ salary, but I think this demonstrates once again how the impact of tax reform is far- reaching, perhaps in ways we really didn’t necessarily think about. But this is what happens when people get to keep more of the money they earn. They spend it in a way that improves their quality of life and improves their economic security. In Texas, our economy hopefully will continue its steady ascent. In its an-nual economic freedom index, an orga-nization called the Fraser Institute just ranked Texas as No. 2 in the coun-try. I am not too happy about that. We don’t like being No. 2 in anything. But we have been in the top five of this list for 11 straight years, and it has been because of our lower taxes, our fiscally conservative approach to spending, and our commonsense approach to regula-tion that makes it easier for investors and entrepreneurs to succeed. When they succeed, that means more jobs are created and people can do the work that provides them the means to sup-port their family and improve their quality of life. We call that the Texas model. Although it is not particularly unique, you would think it would be common sense. But as they say, here in Washington, DC, common sense is not all that common. Nationally, the situation is looking up, too, in part because the Trump ad-ministration shares this Texas ap-proach. The U.S. economy added 2 mil-lion jobs in 2017, and unemployment is at a 17-year low. Consumer confidence is at an alltime high since it was first recorded—I believe it was about 16 years ago. Over the last two quarters, the economy has grown by more than 3 percent. That is up from roughly 1.9 percent during the previous adminis-tration. People are excited to see the economy continue to improve in 2018 thanks to tax cuts and other regu-latory reform and a government that is no longer hostile to private business and job creation. I am glad to hear how many positive steps have been taken over the past few weeks in response to tax reform, but it is early. As I pointed out, it has only been a couple of weeks. I look forward to hearing many more such stories in the days ahead. I intend to spend this next year, when I travel around the State of Texas, looking for the small businesses and individuals who benefit from this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA6.003 S09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S85 January 9, 2018 
important piece of historic legislation. I look forward to coming back to the floor of the Senate to continue to share the stories of this success. Letting peo-ple keep more of what they earn, hav-ing more take-home pay, improving their standard of living, and making the United States more competitive in the global economy—rather than see-ing businesses and investment move overseas, let’s see that come back home, which I think we will see in droves, and the American people will be better off for it. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will proceed to executive ses-sion to resume consideration of the fol-lowing nomination, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of William L. Campbell, Jr., of Tennessee, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Tennessee. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
STOP ENABLING SEX TRAFFICKERS ACT  
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, every day in America—the greatest Na-tion in the history of the world—chil-dren, young women, and teenagers are sold for sex. That is not a proud fact about America, but it is the stark re-ality. Every day in America, young women, children, and teenagers are trafficked, in large part because they are advertised now on the internet, in the open, visibly, and obviously. Even though code words may be used and sometimes doctored photographs, they are sold for sex because the traffickers are able to do so using the internet. We are here to stop it. We are here today to stop the trafficking and, most im-portantly, to stop the advertising. In support of a measure, known as the Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act, SESTA, we have a strong bipartisan coalition. This bill is about as bipar-tisan as any bill is. I have worked on this legislation together with my col-league and friend, Senator R
OB P
ORTMAN of Ohio, from the very begin-ning. We have been joined in this effort by two Democrats and two Repub-licans—Senators MCCASKILL , H
EITKAMP , CORNYN , and M CCAIN. We are passionate about this effort, and so are our colleagues who have joined us, because it is about those victims— those children, teenagers, and young women—who are sold for sex, who are trafficked on the internet. We want to give those victims a voice and a day in court, a right of action, a defense against this absolutely heinous, atro-cious, inhumane crime. It is a crime and it can be prosecuted, but the vic-tims deserve a day in court and a voice as well. That is the fundamental, core purpose of this legislation. It is about the victims. We have been joined in this effort by advocates for those victims—sex traf-ficking survivors themselves and a dili-gent, bipartisan coalition of col-leagues. In fact, more than 60 of our colleagues have joined this as cospon-sors. We are now at a critical milestone for this bill. We have reached a point of momentum that makes this bill unstoppable if those survivors are to be heard and heeded, and I urge my col-leagues to do exactly that. SESTA is really the product of stakeholder con-sensus. It has the support of every major human trafficking organization, of law enforcement, and of all of the major tech companies. In essence, SESTA would clarify that section 230 of the Communications De-cency Act was never intended to pro-tect websites that facilitate sex traf-ficking, and it would ensure that those survivors get their day in court. It stands in stark contrast to a measure in the House of Representatives that has been approved by the relevant com-mittee there, which would fail in that effort. Websites that knowingly facili-tate sex trafficking should be afforded no protection under the Communica-tions Decency Act. They should be given no harbor or implicit approval, which is what the legislation now does. The House bill, unfortunately, would fail to give those survivors and victims their day in court and the voice that they so desperately need. Senator P
ORTMAN and I—and I am proud to be joined with him today on the floor—have championed this cause as a result of what we have seen and heard. In fact, in going back almost a decade, when I was attorney general for the State of Connecticut, I saw firsthand the way that websites can knowingly facilitate sex trafficking. I saw firsthand how challenging it was for law enforcement to develop cases against sex traffickers and employ anti-trafficking laws given the con-straints on their resources, especially when those sex traffickers were able to use the internet to reach their cus-tomers. My experience in combating sex trafficking as attorney general at the State level led me, in my working with Senator P
ORTMAN , to co-launch and co-chair the Senate Caucus to End Human Trafficking so as to help find solutions to this problem and others around the world whereby children and teenagers and others are sex-trafficked and victimized. As the State attorney general, I con-cluded that facilitating sex trafficking must face repercussions. I was joined by the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, which reported and has since reported the numbers. For ex-ample, there has been an 846-percent increase in reports of suspected child sex trafficking from 2010 to 2015—a spike it found to be ‘‘directly cor-related to the increased use of the internet to sell children for sex.’’ We have heard of some of those instances, of some of the histories and the stories of these young people. In 2012, a 15-year-old girl ran away from home. Over the next 2 years, pimps trafficked her for sex through these ads. As a result, she was raped over 1,000 times while she was moved from one site to another with the aid of the internet. In 2010, another 15-year- old girl ran away from a residential program. A pimp began to traffic her for sex by posting online ads. As a re-sult, she was raped 900 times over the next 2 years. These two young women and a third mustered the courage to tell their sto-ries and to bring a lawsuit against backpage.com, which is the website that has profited most prominently from these online ads. These advertise-ments graphically emphasized the sur-vivors’ and victims’ youth and other characteristics in trafficking them for sex. Yet the courts, understandably and perhaps rightly, have held that backpage.com and these internet sites generally have no legal responsibility. The First Circuit Court of Appeals found that backpage.com was immune from civil liability because of section 230 of the Communications Decency Act. Websites that facilitate sex traf-ficking unconscionably and intolerably are now immune from legal action by survivors. That is unacceptable in America. No matter how terrible the harm they cause, no matter how hor-rific the consequences to these young people, they are protected by a shield from moral and legal responsibility. In a sense, these women were victimized as much by backpage.com and the internet as they were by the pimps who more directly sold them. Senator PORTMAN and I, through SESTA, would implement three key re-forms: No. 1, allow victims of sex traf-ficking to seek justice against websites that knowingly facilitate their victim-ization; No. 2, clarify that it is illegal to knowingly facilitate a violation of the Federal sex trafficking laws; and No. 3, enable State law enforcement of-ficials, not just the Federal Depart-ment of Justice, to take action against individuals or businesses that violate Federal sex trafficking laws. If websites are not knowingly facili-tating sex trafficking, they should have nothing to fear from the law. If 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JA6.006 S09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES86 January 9, 2018 
websites are doing their best to avoid facilitating sex trafficking, they have no worry about their liability. Yet, if they knowingly facilitate, they ought to face survivors and victims in court, and they ought to acknowledge and recognize their legal and moral respon-sibilities. I want to be very blunt with my col-leagues here about the House bill be-cause my feeling is that we owe it to those survivors and victims to give them not just nice words and rhetoric but real rights. Congress must not only pass an online sex trafficking law; it must pass real sex trafficking internet protection. Unfortunately, the House Judiciary Committee recently passed legislation that fails to accomplish that goal. My colleagues should not be fooled— the House bill is in no way an adequate alternative to SESTA. It is, unfortu-nately, completely insufficient in pro-tecting survivors and victims and giv-ing them that day in court and that voice they now lack. The difference be-tween the House and Senate bills is stark and clear, like night and day. The Senate bill gives victims of traf-ficking their day in court. The House bill does not give a single survivor or victim access to justice. It fails to open the courthouse doors; it leaves them shut. In fact, it may even deny victims and survivors their right to file legal action. The Senate bill has the support of every major human trafficking orga-nization, as well as of all of the major stakeholders. The House bill is sup-ported by none—zero—no major group. In fact, 47 organizations and more than a dozen survivors and family members recently sent a letter that calls for the House bill, as it is presently written, to be rejected. I strongly urge my colleagues to join this bipartisan group of more than 60 of us who are supporting SESTA to help pass this essential legislation as soon as possible. We owe it to those sur-vivors and victims. We owe it to our-selves. We owe it to America. I am proud to yield to my friend and colleague who has joined in this effort and has been such a steadfast cham-pion, Senator P
ORTMAN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I want to thank my friend and colleague, Sen-ator B
LUMENTHAL , for his commitment to this issue. We started this caucus to end trafficking 6 years ago, and during that time period there has been some significant progress made here in the Senate and the House. We have been able to pass legislation to help crack down on trafficking. Unbelievably, in this century in this country, sex trafficking is increasing, not decreasing, despite our good ef-forts. We have increased the penalties on those who purchase sex from under-age children. We have changed the dy-namic of how the Federal Government and HHS look at this issue and these girls who get engaged in trafficking and get trapped into the system and to treat them like the victims they are rather than as criminals. We have done more to increase awareness of this issue. We have re-quired for missing kids, which are probably the most vulnerable of all, that there be a photograph or another identifier, which, unbelievably, for the most part there was not prior to that. We have made some progress. Senator BLUMENTHAL and I have written legislation with regard to Gov-ernment contractors who overseas en-gage in human trafficking—and our tax dollars go for that. So we have made some progress, but it is still increasing. Why? Senator B
LUMENTHAL talked about it. The experts are unified on this. The main reason we see an uptick is because of the dark side of the inter-net. The Senator quoted the statistic earlier about an 850-percent increase in reports of sex trafficking over the last several years prior to 2015. The reason that was true was because we saw the emergence of these companies like backpage.com, which probably has about 75 percent of the commercial sex traffic on one site, and the ruthless ef-ficiency of the internet getting en-gaged on this issue. So we have to ad-dress this issue. Here is the tragic part of this. Not only are more and more lives being ru-ined and there are more and more heartbreaking stories, but it is because of a Federal law that provides immu-nity to these websites. So it comes right back here, right to these desks, right to this Congress, right to us as legislators to fix this problem, not to try to smooth it over but to actually fix the problem, which is that some of these online trafficking sites are im-mune from prosecution because of a Federal law. It was a well-intended law that was written 21 years ago, I think. It is the Communications Decency Act. Ironically, it was put in place to make it a crime to send pornography to kids online, but it has been twisted and used by these trafficking sites to provide them the ability to say: You can’t touch us; you can’t go after us. That is so because part of what the law says in trying to promote the internet is that if you post somebody else’s material on your site, you are not liable. All we are saying is that if you know this in-volved trafficking—and Senator B
LUMENTHAL talked about his experi-ence as a prosecutor; this is a high bar, a known standard—then you can’t get away with this. The standard we use, by the way, for Federal trafficking is the Federal law. So we allow victims to have their day in court, but they can’t get it now. The stories are really sad. Let me tell you one. We spent 18 months inves-tigating this in the Permanent Sub-committee on Investigations, and what we learned was truly tragic. You had girls who were trafficked on these sites. In one case a mom testified that her daughter had gone missing for about 10 weeks, as I recall—missing. This is a 14-year-old girl. What would you do as a parent if your daughter was missing for 10 weeks? You would go crazy. She tried everything, and some-one finally told her: There is this website called backpage.com; you might want to check it out. She did, and she was aghast at what she saw, but she was relieved by one thing. She saw a photograph of her daughter, knowing, then, that she was still alive. So she picked up the phone and called backpage.com and said: I just saw my daughter. She has been missing for 10 weeks. I saw her on your website. Thank you for taking down that ad that is trying to sell my daugh-ter for sex online. This is my daughter. She is underage. Do you know what the backpage op-erator said at the other end of the line, according to this mom? They said: Did you pay for the ad, ma’am? She said: No, I didn’t pay for the ad. This is my daughter. They said: Well, we can’t take down the ad. We can’t take down the ad. What kind of evil is behind that kind of a business practice? Well, what we learned, as we increasingly dug into this issue, is that it is all about profit, and you can imagine this is a very profitable business. Profits came first, to the point that people would place ads with backpage that indicated that it was for an underage girl, and backpage would then get to the pur-chaser of the ad and say: You know what, we need to change your ad a lit-tle bit. You need to edit out this word ‘‘schoolgirl’’ or ‘‘cheerleader’’ or ‘‘Lolita,’’ referring to a novel about an underage girl. So they knew these ads were being run by people who were ad-vertising underage girls, and they not only ran the ads but they sanitized the ads first. That just shouldn’t happen in this country. It shouldn’t happen anywhere in the world, but certainly not with a Federal law providing protections for organizations like that. That is all we are saying. We want Congress to pass a law that says that if you engage knowingly in facilitating this kind of activity, you are subject to liability. You have to be held to ac-count. Is that too much to ask? Senator BLUMENTHAL talked about it as a former prosecutor. We allow State prosecutors to go after these sites, which they cannot now. They have to use the Federal standard. So we are not trying to create a whole new area of law. It is a Federal standard that has been passed by this body. When these victims go to court, they are rebuffed: Sorry, ma’am. In one court last August, a Sacramento judge basically invited our legislation. He said to Congress: The way that law reads, even somebody who exploits women and children online has immu-nity. Congress, this is your job. So that is all this legislation does. Senator B
LUMENTHAL talked about the House legislation. There was strong House legislation that was introduced 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JA6.007 S09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S87 January 9, 2018 
that still bears that same H.R. number. Then it was changed in the Judiciary Committee. Look, I am glad that there is more awareness and consciousness about this issue and that both the House and Senate want to act, but let’s not water this legislation down. Let’s not take away this core element of our legislation that simply says that under the Communications Decency Act, we should have the opportunity to allow people to sue and allow prosecutors to go after these evil websites. We can set up new causes of action. That is fine. We can do more things as we have done in this body. As I said, over the last 5 or 6 years, we passed a number of important bills to try to raise the consciousness and to try to help on this issue, but if we don’t deal with this internet part, we will con-tinue to see an increase, which is a stain on our national character—that at this time in our Nation’s history, we are seeing an increase in people being sold for sex online, often underage. Another story came not from testi-mony before the permanent sub-committee where we spent 18 months studying this, but it came before the Commerce Committee, and Senator B
LUMENTHAL was there for part of this. This woman came forward. By the way, you could have heard a pin drop in that room when she talked about her 16- year-old daughter who was sold on backpage.com and was sold to a man who murdered her on Christmas Eve of 2016. This is what this mom said: My daughter never should have been on that site; that should never be allowed. She is right. It should never be al-lowed. How can we allow that to hap-pen? So Senator B
LUMENTHAL and I intro-duced this legislation. We had 24 co-sponsors almost right away, and it was bipartisan from the start. This is not a political or partisan issue. As of yester-day, I think we had 64 cosponsors. These are thoughtful Members, includ-ing the Presiding Officer today, who looked at this legislation. They have heard the arguments from both sides. The other side of the argument is from the tech community, some of whom are supporting our legislation, some of whom are not. But for the people in technology who are concerned about this, I just have to state: I don’t get it. This is very narrowly crafted for this issue. We are not trying to affect the freedom of the internet—just the oppo-site. If you don’t start cracking down on this obvious crime against humanity, which is what I believe trafficking is, I think we are going to see much broader legislation to deal with the internet. This just says: If you are violating a Federal law on trafficking and you are doing it knowingly, you are facili-tating it, you are assisting it, then you have to be held liable and held to ac-count. In fact, we keep in the law a Good Samaritan provision that says if a website wants to clean up its site, it is protected. The good guys should be protected. We want them to clean up their site. We want to be sure that we continue to have freedom of the inter-net, but we don’t want to allow—nor do I think it was ever intended in this law to allow—criminal activity to occur that affects our children and our con-stituents over the internet without any sense of accountability or responsi-bility. It is narrowly crafted. It is fo-cused on a real issue that affects real people. On Friday I was back home in Ohio, and I was at a drug treatment center. I had an opportunity to meet some of those who are recovering addicts. As often happens when I am in those kinds of settings, it turns to what kind of treatment options are out there for trauma. Why? Because there is a link between opioids—particularly heroin and fentanyl—and trafficking. This is what has been told to me many times by some of these women, sometimes underage: Senator, trafficking has moved from the street corner to the iPhone, from the street corner to the cell phone. That is a reality. I met a woman on Friday who was going through treatment, and part of it is to treat the trauma that is associ-ated with this. Drug treatment is one thing, but the trauma associated with sex trafficking, repeated rapes is a course that is a deeper and even more difficult road to recovery. I believe she will recover. She has a great attitude. She gets it. She is going to have to focus on it and dedicate herself to it. I will just tell you that this is a real issue in our communities today. It is affecting every single State in this body, and we cannot continue to ignore the reality that while the internet has brought a lot of good things to us and the internet has helped our economy to grow, there is a dark side and this dark side of the internet is why we think it is so important for us to address this issue and address it now so that the next mom who is out there right now wondering, ‘‘Where is my daughter? She has gone missing,’’ will not find that she has been advertised online to multiple men, that her life is forever changed, and that she will never achieve her God-given potential in life because of the trauma she has experi-enced. That is happening right now today. We have to pass this legislation. It will help. I am convinced it will help. It will help to avoid the reality today, which is that these websites in your communities don’t care and they are not going to care until we make them accountable. This month is National Slavery and Human Trafficking Prevention Month—January. President Trump just wrote a beautiful proclamation about it. It was a call to action. President Obama did previously. Thursday is the day in which a lot of the advocates will be here in town talking about this issue. I just urge my colleagues and their staff, if they are listening today, please sign up on this legislation if you haven’t already. To our leadership, let’s get this to the floor for a vote. This should not be an issue that we drag out. Let’s deal with it. We spent years studying this. We know what the issue is. We know what the problem is. Then, to my House colleagues, let’s work together to actually solve this problem. For those in the tech community who continue to oppose this legisla-tion, I ask you to look into your hearts and think about the impact this is hav-ing on families all across the country. Yes, we all want a better world, and that is part of what many of these internet companies are professing to want, and many of them, by the way, have spent considerable resources in fighting trafficking. But if you don’t get at this issue—it has moved from the street corner to the smartphone. If you don’t get at this issue, I don’t be-lieve we will see the progress that all of us desire. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. LEE). The Senator from South Dakota. 
NATIONAL SECURITY  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, the be-ginning of a new session of Congress provides a good moment to look back at the previous year and take stock of the challenges ahead, and today what I would like to do is just take a few min-utes to talk about the national secu-rity challenges facing our country and the importance of equipping our mili-tary to meet them. By the end of the Obama administra-tion, our military was facing a serious readiness shortfall. The Obama admin-istration’s failure to prioritize defense had left our armed services with man-power deficits and delayed the acquisi-tion of 21st century weapons and equip-ment. Military effectiveness had been compromised by a culture of micro-management in the Obama administra-tion that seriously hampered the abil-ity of troops and commanders to re-spond to conditions on the ground in a timely fashion, but within days of his inauguration, President Trump made clear that all this was going to change. You can look at the situation we faced in the Middle East. The time-frame I am referring to right here, the mound of ground that is held by ISIS, that is in January of 2017. Well, just a week after his inaugura-tion, President Trump issued a Presi-dential memorandum on rebuilding the military. He directed a review of our military’s readiness, and he set out an action plan to address manpower short-falls, maintenance backlogs, acquisi-tion costs and delays, and other drains on our military capabilities. President Trump also acted to free up military commanders to make decisions and to respond to conditions on the ground. The fruits of his commitment to re-building our military and trusting our military leaders are already evident, most notably in the significant gains made against ISIS in 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JA6.009 S09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES88 January 9, 2018 
If you look at the chart I just showed, in January of 2017, and then you look at December of 2017, in terms of territory held, ISIS has been routed. In the first 11 months of the Trump ad-ministration, over 15,000 square miles were liberated from ISIS control, ex-ceeding the total area freed in the pre-ceding 2
1⁄2years. ISIS has lost over 98 percent of the territory it once held, and it hasn’t gained any back. Just a month ago, Iraqi Prime Min-ister al-Abadi declared his country ‘‘fully liberated’’ from ISIS. In Syria, ISIS has lost control of its strongholds and now only remains in small pockets of the country. All told, in the last year, more than 5.3 million people have been freed from the brutal grip of ISIS—more than dou-ble the previous gains. Families who have spent years fearing for their lives are seeing a chance for stability, peace, and order. If this year has shown us anything, it is that we can trust our military to do its job and deliver re-sults. President Trump delegated tactical authority and permitted our military to take action when action was needed, and military leaders credit this tac-tical authority for significant gains made on the ground. The swift rise of ISIS was enabled, in part, by the Obama administration’s shortsighted desire to withdraw from the fight against terrorism in the Mid-dle East. The withdrawal of U.S. troops—on a timeline the Obama ad-ministration announced to our en-emies—left a power vacuum in the re-gion, and ISIS stepped in to fill the void. This is a mistake we cannot re-peat. While we have made tremendous strides against ISIS in the last year, we cannot simply take these wins and let our guard down. We know ISIS and other dark actors can operate in the shadows of the internet and social media, using their extensive networks to recruit and influence other would-be attackers in the United States and around the world. As chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee, which shares jurisdiction over some of these matters, I am com-mitted to looking at what steps we can take to thwart terrorist recruitment and planning efforts and to keep Amer-ica safe. Next week, I am holding a Commerce Committee hearing on what social media companies can do in this fight. While we focus on combating ter-rorism, we cannot forget the conven-tional threats faced by our Nation and our allies. I mentioned gains against ISIS and Syria, but there remains the alarming challenge of growing Iranian influence there. Syria provides a con-venient land bridge to connect Iran with Hezbollah in Lebanon, which is well on its way to being a proxy for the Iranian Army. Of course, we continue to see the deadly consequences of Iran’s contin-ued smuggling of arms to Houthi rebels. Iran is a serious threat to sta-bility in the Middle East and to our al-lies there, and we need to keep that in mind as we consider the failed Iran nu-clear deal and the ongoing protests in Iran. We also have to stay focused on the threat posed by North Korea. South and North Korea reestablished commu-nications and just met to discuss the upcoming winter Olympics in South Korea. They announced, in addition to North Korea sending a delegation to the winter games, the two countries have agreed to hold military talks, but North Korea said it will not discuss its nuclear program at this time. I think North Korea’s nuclear pro-gram has to be addressed as a condition of any lasting peace, and the United States should lead its allies in making that crystal clear. While the talks are a notable development after 2 years of no communication between the two countries, we obviously need to be wary of North Korea’s motives. We will have to see what actions follow and if the talks lead to any substantive steps by North Korea to dismantle its nu-clear program. President Trump and Ambassador Haley have made it clear that North Korea must abandon its dangerous am-bitions, and increased sanctions are providing additional pressure. We should make no concessions without fundamental progress. Of course, this will require cooperation from China to help exert pressure on North Korea and uphold U.N. resolutions. China has sought to tip the regional balance in its favor by objecting to the installation of missile defense plat-forms that would defend the United States and our allies against North Ko-rean missiles. Meanwhile, it has been simultaneously expanding its own mili-tary, continuing to develop islands in international waters and exercising economic coercion. President Trump’s national security strategy correctly acknowledges both China and Russia as challengers to American influence, interests, secu-rity, and prosperity. I have spoken on the Senate floor more than once to denounce Russia’s continued annexation of Crimea, its subversion of Ukrainian sovereignty, and its efforts to undermine NATO, not to mention its continued denial of at-tempting to meddle with our election. Both the conventional challenges that our Nation continues to face and the persistent threat of radical terrorism underscore the perennial need to en-sure that our military is the best pre-pared and the best equipped fighting force in the world. I have said it before, and I will say it again. If we don’t get national security right, the rest of what we do here is just conversation. We have to be able to defend our country and our allies. Yes, investing in our national secu-rity and restoring our military, espe-cially after years of neglect, will come at a cost, but as Army Chief of Staff GEN Mark Milley has said, ‘‘The only thing more expensive than deterrence is actually fighting a war, and the only thing more expensive than fighting a war is fighting one and losing one.’’ In the next few weeks, the Senate will have a chance to vote to increase funding for our troops and to take real steps to restore our military readiness. I hope my colleagues across the aisle will work with us. If there is any issue—any issue—in this Chamber that should be bipartisan, it is this one. It is not an exaggeration to say the security of our Nation, our ability to live as a free people, depends upon the strength of our military. It is time to make sure our military men and women have the resources they need to defend our Na-tion. 
f 
RECESS Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate stand in recess as under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 12:25 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassembled when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mr. B
URR). 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. I thank the distin-guished Presiding Officer, the Senator from North Carolina. I ask unanimous consent to speak for 2 minutes on the nominees on whom we are about to vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, on December 1, 2016, Judge Todd Campbell stepped down as a district court judge for the Middle District of Tennessee. On April 15, 2017, Judge Kevin Sharp stepped down, creating a second va-cancy in the Middle District. Those two vacancies have resulted in in-creased caseloads for the only two re-maining full-time Federal district court judges, Waverly Crenshaw and Aleta Trauger. Things are almost as bad in Ten-nessee’s Western District, where we have two vacancies. Fortunately, help is on the way. In July of last year, President Trump nominated Chip Campbell to serve in Tennessee’s Mid-dle District and Tommy Parker to serve in the Western District. I was pleased to see the President select such qualified individuals, and I thank him and his counsel, Don McGahn, for working with us throughout this proc-ess. I was equally pleased to see the Senate Judiciary Committee approve both nominations by voice vote last October. And it is easy to see why Ten-nesseans are excited about these nomi-nees, too. Chip Campbell is a graduate of the U.S. Naval Academy and the Univer-sity of Alabama School of Law. Before attending law school, Mr. Campbell 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JA6.012 S09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S89 January 9, 2018 
served as a naval flight officer in the U.S. Marine Corps. He began his career in private practice with Maynard, Coo-per & Gale in Birmingham, before mov-ing and joining the Nashville firm of Riley, Warnock & Jacobson. Today he is a partner at Frost Brown Todd in Nashville, where he chairs the competi-tion law section of the business litiga-tion practice group. Tommy Parker received his under-graduate degree from the University of South Carolina before going to law school at Vanderbilt. Upon graduation, he joined the Memphis law firm of Waring Cox. In 1995, Mr. Parker left his position with the firm to serve as an assistant U.S. attorney for the Western District of Tennessee. Today he is a partner at Baker Donelson in Memphis. I want to note that President Trump has also made two other nominations to fill the remaining vacancies in the Middle District—Eli Richardson—and in the Western District—State Senator Mark Norris—and I encourage the Sen-ate to act quickly on their nomina-tions. But today’s votes are a good start. Chip Campbell and Tommy Parker will be assets to the Federal bench, and Tennessee is fortunate to have such well-qualified nominees. These are men of good character and good tempera-ment, and today I encourage my col-leagues to support their nominations. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). Under the previous order, all postcloture time is considered ex-pired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Campbell nomi-nation? Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ), and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 97, nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 3 Ex.] YEAS—97 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young NOT VOTING—3 
Cruz Isakson McCain 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Thomas Lee Robinson Parker, of Tennessee, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee. Mitch McConnell, Deb Fischer, John Bar-rasso, John Thune, Roger F. Wicker, James M. Inhofe, Johnny Isakson, Mike Crapo, Tom Cotton, Chuck Grass-ley, Thom Tillis, Mike Rounds, Mi-chael B. Enzi, James Lankford, Lindsey Graham, Pat Roberts, Todd Young. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Thomas Lee Robinson Parker, of Tennessee, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Ten-nessee, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ), and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 96, nays 1, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 4 Ex.] YEAS—96 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young NAYS—1 
Hirono 
NOT VOTING—3 
Cruz Isakson McCain 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 96, the nays are 1. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Thomas Lee Robinson Parker, of Tennessee, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. 
TRIBUTE TO CHRIS CAMPBELL  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise to pay tribute to a trio of excellent staff-ers, all of whom served with distinction on the Senate Finance Committee for a number of years and who recently left the committee to pursue other ven-tures. First, Mr. President, I would like to say a few words about Chris Campbell, a longtime friend and trusted adviser, who until recently served as the Re-publican staff director on the com-mittee. Last summer, he was nomi-nated and confirmed to serve as Assist-ant Secretary of the Treasury for Fi-nancial Institutions. I have known Chris for more than 17 years, and I cannot overstate his im-portance and contributions to my years of work here in the Senate. Chris joined my campaign for President back in 2000, where I immediately recognized his talent and leadership abilities and appointed him to be my national field director, although he was relatively young and inexperienced at the time. Needless to say, I don’t blame Chris for how that particular campaign turned out. In fact, that same year, I asked him to serve as director for my Senate reelection campaign, which thankfully met with much better results. After that, he came to Washington to serve on my staff on the Senate Judiciary Committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JA6.013 S09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES90 January 9, 2018 
I have long urged my staffers to get as much education as possible to en-hance their understanding and gain new perspectives. I nagged Chris about this during my Presidential campaign. Eventually, after working on my staff for a few years, he wanted to upgrade his bachelor’s degree in political science from the University of Cali-fornia at Santa Barbara with an MBA from the Thunderbird School of Global Management. A short time after receiving his MBA and a brief stint in the private sector, Chris desired to return to public serv-ice, and when he returned to Wash-ington, I hired him back without hesi-tation and asked him to serve as my legislative director, a post he held until 2011 when I took over as the lead Republican on the Finance Committee and appointed him to be the staff direc-tor. During his time on the committee staff, Chris quarterbacked every major effort we undertook. This includes suc-cesses like the approval of free-trade agreements, the bipartisan renewal of trade promotion authority and the modernization of U.S. trade laws, the repeal and replacement of the Medicare sustainable growth rate, and the long- term funding of the Federal highway trust fund, just to name a few. Of course, his work on the long-term tax reform effort was invaluable. We began our work on tax reform right out of the gate in 2011 and worked with Chairman Baucus and others to drive it forward. Chris was a key part of all of the work we did over the years to ad-vance tax reform. While his move to Treasury came just before the final stages of that effort, I was fortunately able to benefit from his continued ad-vice and counsel as we moved closer to and eventually crossed the finish line. Chris is a shrewd but effective nego-tiator and a brilliant legislative strate-gist. Congressional Quarterly named him one of the seven most influential non-elected people working in Con-gress, and Roll Call put him on its list of the 50 most influential staffers on Capitol Hill for 7 straight years. Clear-ly, I am not the only one who recog-nizes his abilities. I know the other members of the Finance Committee— on both sides of the aisle—have also ac-knowledged and benefited from his years of work. Still, even with all of his accomplish-ments, what stands out most to me about Chris Campbell is his life story. He is a great example of how hard work and education can help a person be-come much more than what some stat-istician might predict. Chris grew up in Hemet, CA, as one of six children who struggled—and that is putting it light-ly—to make ends meet. He didn’t grow up with family connections or powerful benefactors, but thanks to his diligence and determination and no shortage of natural ability, he became one of the most effective and influential staffers on Capitol Hill, and he now serves in a key leadership role in the administra-tion. While it pained me to see him head off to Treasury, I have been comforted to know that the President knows how to pick the best people and that the Department of the Treasury is being well served. I personally want to thank Chris for his years in working with me, for his candid and thoughtful advice, and for his commitment to public service. I wish him all the best in his future en-deavors, which I am quite sure will be just as successful as his time here. 
TRIBUTE TO BECKY SHIPP  
Mr. President, I would like to say a few words about another former staff-er, Becky Shipp, who also left the Fi-nance Committee staff a few months ago to pursue another venture. While I have known Becky for more years than either she or I would like to count, I can tell you that she served tirelessly on the Senate Finance Com-mittee for more than 10 years. She saw chairmen come and go and was an in-stitution here in her own right. In my time on the Hill, I have come to know many different staffers, all of whom got involved in the government for all types of well-meaning and patri-otic reasons. They each have some ex-pertise, some interest, and some moti-vation that helps them get through the hard times that staff encounter with the stressful conditions and the below- market pay. I have long said that Senators and staff take on sacred obligations when we come to work here, and I cannot think of many who have taken that sa-cred obligation to heart more than Becky Shipp. She spent her time in Congress working on welfare and human resource issues. Her dedication and zealousness in defending the less fortunate should serve as an example to all of us. While issues surrounding child wel-fare, child and family services, and fos-ter care programs are often overlooked, anyone in Washington who knows any-thing about these issues knows that Becky has played a singular role in the creation and preservation of the safety net we now have in place. Too often, welfare issues become bitterly par-tisan, but during Becky’s time here, she always strove to find common ground no matter the personal sac-rifice. Her time on the Hill was extremely productive and impacted far more chil-dren and families than most any of us could probably ever count. Still, it was not without moments that, when look-ing back, seemed pretty lighthearted. One such moment came just a few years ago after many in Congress had become aware of the fact that welfare funds distributed through electronic bank transfers had been used by some to purchase alcohol, food, or other il-licit items from strip clubs and other less than savory establishments. Becky quietly began developing a proposal to prevent this type of abuse. Eventually, her idea gained more traction than she thought it would initially. Once members of the Finance Com-mittee and in the House began to real-ize the nature of this problem, her pro-posal caught on like wildfire. The prob-lem was that the Social Security Act did not have a definition for these es-tablishments. After quite a bit of wran-gling and putting herself in the shoes of some of the more seedy clientele and business owners, Becky developed a definition, more or less, from scratch. Specifically, the bill, now a Federal statute, prohibited the distribution of Federal welfare funds at ‘‘any retail es-tablishment which provides adult-ori-ented entertainment in which per-formers disrobe or perform in an unclothed state for entertainment.’’ Now, many have chuckled at the speci-ficity of that definition and at the fact that someone, somewhere had to come up with and write down that type of legal terminology, but Becky was not playing a joke or trying to be face-tious; she was addressing a legitimate concern. That story, to me, epitomizes the type of person Becky Shipp is and the type of congressional staffer she was when she worked in the Senate. I am quite certain that, even in her new endeavors, Becky will remain com-mitted to promoting the same type of no-nonsense, proper governance, with an equal eye toward helping those in need to find meaningful work, care, and assistance. While Becky’s work ethic, persistence, and friendliness have already been missed on the Fi-nance Committee, I am quite certain that she will continue to do many great things and help many more peo-ple. I personally thank Becky for her years of service and for all that she has done for me, for others in the Senate, and for those in our country who have been in need of a helping hand. 
TRIBUTE TO PRESTON RUTLEDGE  
Finally, Mr. President, I want to say a few words about Preston Rutledge, my former tax counsel who was re-cently nominated and confirmed to serve as Assistant Secretary of Labor for the Employee Benefits Security Ad-ministration. Preston began his career in public service as a teenager when he worked in the national forests. Later, he served honorably as an officer in the U.S. Navy. After graduating from law school, he was a law clerk on the Fifth Circuit of the U.S. Court of Appeals and spent more than a decade working at the IRS, focusing on tax-exempt or-ganizations and employee benefits. He came to the Finance Committee about 7 years ago. During that time, he worked on a number of issues that many people, quite frankly, consider to be tedious or mundane, but Preston is an expert on these issues, and he has always taken great pleasure in the issues and work before him. As a staffer, Preston was, more than anything, committed to advancing re-forms to our Nation’s pension and sav-ings programs in order to ensure a sta-ble and reliable retirement savings sys-tem. Toward that end, he was a lead 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JA6.017 S09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S91 January 9, 2018 
staffer in the drafting and passage of key pieces of pension and savings legis-lation, including the Retirement En-hancement and Savings Act, which pro-vided a number of key reforms to our Nation’s retirement savings system, and the ABLE Act, which provided sav-ings enhancements for children with disabilities and their families. Preston’s knowledge of tax policy and ERISA issues is unsurpassed. I was not the only one to benefit from and rely upon his expertise. Indeed, the en-tire Finance Committee relied on Pres-ton whenever these types of issues came up because, once again, there just aren’t many people in Washington with that particular focus and expertise. I wish Preston good luck in his new position at the Labor Department and thank him for the work he performed on the committee. I am confident his expertise, as well as his open-minded and inclusive approach, will help im-prove the situations of workers and families across the country. I can think of no one more capable to serve in this important capacity. As you can see, I have been fortunate to have worked with some excellent staffers in recent years—well, really throughout my whole service in the Senate. That has been true of my en-tire time at the Senate. Of course, I have many great staffers still working in the Senate, both in the Finance Committee and in my personal office. I am grateful for each of them as well. I am very fortunate to have them with me as we have some impor-tant work ahead of us. The Finance Committee’s current workload is, quite honestly, mind-bog-gling. There is much to do over the next several months. I will have more to say on that in the coming days. For now, I will simply say, I look forward to working with my colleagues and staff on the vitally important tasks that lie ahead. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
DACA  
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I rise today to speak on behalf of nearly 800,000 Dreamers, young people who were brought to this country as chil-dren who today are living in fear and uncertainty. As a result of the Trump administration’s decision to end the DACA Program, these young people are at risk of losing their legal status and, in fact, face deportation from the only home that most of them have ever known, and that home is the United States of America. This is one of the great moral issues of our time, and it is an issue that must be dealt with now as part of the budget negotiations. It cannot be kicked down the road any longer. We must pass the Dream Act now as part of the current budget negotiations. In the last 6 years since the DACA Program was established, these young people—again, people who were brought to this country as infants, in many cases—were finally able to breathe a sigh of relief. For the first time in their lives, they could walk the streets of this country without fear, without worrying about being arrested, without worrying about being de-ported. Think about what it means to live in this country every single day knowing that, at any moment, you could be arrested or deported. What DACA finally did is to give these 800,000 young people a legal status and a protection so they could go out and work, so they could go to school, and so they could serve in the U.S. military without fear. As we all know, tragically, on Sep-tember 5, 2017, President Trump an-nounced the end of the DACA Program through Executive order. President Obama had established it through Ex-ecutive order, and President Trump ended it through Executive order. In his announcement, President Trump noted: I look forward to working with Repub-licans and Democrats in Congress to finally address all of these issues. As I have said be-fore, we will resolve the DACA issue with heart and compassion, but through the law-ful democratic process. It is now time for Congress to act. 
That is Donald Trump. The President was right. It is time for Congress to act. It is time for Con-gress to not kick the can down the road. Our Republican President, Mr. Trump, told the Republican-led Con-gress to get to work on a DACA fix, and I say today to the Republican leader-ship: Let’s do it. Let’s do it now. That is what President Trump asked you to do. Listen to him, and let’s do it—not next month, not in March, but right now—as part of the budget agreement. People are working on this issue now. We can come to a consensus. We can pass the Dream Act if there is a polit-ical will to do it. Let us also be very clear. Despite what some have said, this is an urgent matter that must be addressed now. Since President Trump rescinded the DACA Program in September, more than 15,000 Dreamers have already lost their DACA status and are now subject to deportation. Each day the Congress does not act, 122 people lose their DACA protections, and 851 people each and every week. This is a matter of ur-gency, and we have to act accordingly. But I want to assure my Republican colleagues that not only is this the right thing to do from a moral perspec-tive and from an economic perspective, but it is also exactly what the Amer-ican people want. Nobody here is ask-ing anybody in the Senate to rise up and to be extraordinarily brave and courageous. Why don’t you just do what the American people want us to do? No profiles in courage are needed now. Poll after poll has shown that the overwhelming majority of the Amer-ican people want to provide legal sta-tus to the Dreamers and to protect them from deportation. From a polit-ical perspective, this is not a difficult decision. A Washington Post-ABC poll from September 2017, a few months ago, found that 86 percent of Americans support allowing Dreamers to stay in the United States. So 86 percent of the American people support providing legal status to Dreamers. This is not a tough political decision. Another recent poll conducted by Quinnipiac found that 77 percent of voters and 65 percent of Republicans support legislation to protect Dream-ers and provide them an opportunity to work, to go to school, and to pursue a pathway to citizenship. Another poll conducted by CNN last month found that by an 83-percent to 13-percent margin, Americans support efforts to allow Dreamers to remain in the United States instead of facing po-tential deportation. Only 15 percent be-lieved that Dreamers should be de-ported. Passing the Dream Act is also in our national security interests. Former Secretary of Defense Robert Gates re-cently noted: The United States faces extraordinary se-curity challenges that are placing growing pressure on our Armed Forces. That is why we need legislation that will provide a path-way to citizenship for those immigrants who, among other attributes, are serving or have served in the military, whether they are in America legally or were brought here ille-gally as children. 
That is former Secretary of Defense Robert Gates. In addition, just last week three former Secretaries of Homeland Secu-rity wrote to House and Senate leader-ship expressing both their strong sup-port for a DACA fix and for the ur-gency of acting now. Secretaries Chertoff, Napolitano, and Johnson warned of the need for Congress to act immediately and emphasized how the agency needs time to implement a new program. Without it, they caution that the delay will sow uncertainty in the business community and drive undocu-mented individuals further into the shadows, with immediate deportation looming for tens of thousands every single month. Let us be very clear that when we talk about the DACA Program and when we talk about these young people receiving legal status, these young peo-ple are vetted, they pay a fee, and the vast majority of them are now at jobs important to our economy. They are in school or they are in the military. In order to get DACA status, they could not be convicted of a felony or a sig-nificant misdemeanor or pose a threat to national security or public safety. As almost everybody recognizes, these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JA6.019 S09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES92 January 9, 2018 
are fine young people whom we should be very proud of and should not be talking about deporting them. DACA gave these young people a shot at the American dream, and having been given that opportunity, they seized it and they are excelling and contributing to our country—to their country—in so many ways. With 91 per-cent of DACA recipients in the work-force, they play an important role in our economy. Many hundreds of Dreamers have taken up the call to serve in our Armed Forces. Can my col-leagues imagine a young Dreamer now serving in the Armed Forces, putting his or her life on the line to defend this country, and then reading about Mem-bers of Congress who think we should deport them? How outrageous is that? Furthermore, there are some 20,000 DACA recipients who are currently teaching in our schools. We desperately need good teachers, and 20,000 DACA recipients are doing just that. Yet, because of President Trump’s cruel decision to rescind the DACA Program, as well as the Republican- controlled Congress’s failure to act, these young people’s lives and liveli-hoods have been thrown into chaos and uncertainty. It is our job to enact a legislative fix now. The President has called for a fix. The vast majority of the people of this country want to see a fix. A fix is im-portant to our national security. It is the right thing to do. Let us do it. I am, however, very concerned that President Trump is using the 800,000 Dreamers as a bargaining chip to force the taxpayers of this country to pay for an $18 billion wall. Now, some may re-member that during his campaign for President, Donald Trump told the American people that it was the Mexi-can Government that would be paying for the wall. Well, it turns out that it didn’t quite work out that way, and now it is the taxpayers of this country who are supposed to pay for a wall. Let me be as clear as I can be. We cannot and we must not hold the lives of 800,000 young Dreamers hostage in order to fund a wall that the vast ma-jority of the American people oppose. We cannot and we must not allow Don-ald Trump to shut down the govern-ment to fund this wall, but that, it ap-pears, may very well be—for whatever reason—what Donald Trump wants. Let me remind my colleagues what Donald Trump said last August at a rally in Arizona, the Presiding Officer’s home State: ‘‘Believe me, if we have to close down our government, we’re building that wall.’’ August 22, 2017, Donald J. Trump. Now, I do not know why Donald Trump may be pushing for a govern-ment shutdown. Maybe he thinks it will work well for him or work well for the Republican Party politically. I have no idea, but I do know that the idea of a government shutdown is a very bad idea. Maybe Republicans will gain from it, maybe Democrats will po-litically gain from it. I do not have a clue. What I do know is, the American people will lose from a government shutdown, and, in a bipartisan manner, we must do everything we can to pre-vent that shutdown. A shutdown would harm tens of mil-lions of Americans who would be un-able to access vital government serv-ices; it would disrupt the lives of hun-dreds of thousands, or more, Federal employees who depend upon a check to provide for their families; and, in fact, it would endanger members of the U.S. military who are putting their lives on the line to defend our country. The U.S. Congress has a responsi-bility to the American people to pre-vent a government shutdown and to work in a bipartisan manner to reach a budget agreement that is fair and that addresses the very serious problems facing not only DACA recipients but the working people of our country. So I say to my Republican col-leagues, you control the White House, you control the U.S. House, and you control the U.S. Senate. You have a re-sponsibility to govern. For President Trump and the Repub-lican leadership to allow DACA to ex-pire without a new program in place is not only a failure to govern, it is an act of extraordinary cruelty. We know President Trump wants to build a wall, I guess somewhat like the Great Wall of China. The problem is, building walls may have made sense in the 14th century, but I would inform the President that technology has somewhat changed since then, and our job is to provide strong border security in the most cost-effective way we can, and that way is not building a wall. Ironically, while the President wants to spend $18 billion to build a wall, he is taking money away from other far more important and effective border security measures. Let me quote from an article that ap-peared in today’s New York Times: 
The Trump administration would cut or delay funding for border surveillance, radar technology, patrol boats and customs agents in its upcoming spending plan to curb illegal immigration—all proven security measures that officials and experts have said are more effective than building a wall along the Mexican border. The wall also has become a bargaining chip in negotiations with Congress as lawmakers seek to prevent nearly 800,000 young undocu-mented immigrants from being deported. But security experts said the president’s focus on a border wall ignores the constantly evolving nature of terrorism immigration and drug trafficking. 
In other words, if we want strong bor-der security, if we want to keep people out of this country who should not be coming into this country, if we want to keep drugs out of this country, build-ing a wall is not the most cost-effective way. It may have been a great idea in the 14th century in China when they built their Great Wall, but it is not a great idea in 2018, in the United States of America. So let me just conclude by saying, we are at a very important moment in his-tory. If we do not do the right thing, if we do not do the moral thing, if we allow some 800,000 young people—peo-ple who have spent virtually their en-tire lives in this country, who know no other country, who see the United States of America as their home—if we betray them, if we take away their legal status, if we allow them to be de-ported, this will be a moral stain on this country that will never ever be wiped out. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Indiana. HEALTHCARE  
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, for the past decade, health policy, unfortu-nately, has proven to be one of the most bitterly partisan issues. It doesn’t have to be this way. I want to take a few minutes to dis-cuss some health-related issues that Congress left unfinished before the holidays: providing relief from the medical device tax, reauthorizing the Children’s Health Insurance Program, funding for community health centers, and doing more to address the opioid crisis. Each has strong bipartisan sup-port and could provide help to our con-stituents now. First, many of us, on both sides of the aisle, agree on the need to provide relief from the medical device tax, which went back into effect on Janu-ary 1. The medical device tax is one of these issues that leaves most Hoosiers scratching their heads. First adopted as part of the Affordable Care Act, the device tax was one of the few issues Re-publicans and Democrats agreed needed to be fixed, and in 2015, with bipartisan support, President Obama enacted a 2- year suspension of the tax. The argument was really pretty sim-ple. The medical device tax was mak-ing it harder for innovative companies to invest in the research and develop-ment of new technologies, and, in the process, we were stifling job creation. If there was a question as to whether this was the case, the last 2 years pro-vided evidence. When we agreed to sus-pend the tax in 2016 and 2017, manufac-turers used that additional money to hire new workers, invest in research and technologies, and continue pro-ducing innovative, lifesaving products in the United States. For example, Zimmer Biomet, headquartered in Warsaw, IN, my home State, used the money from the device tax suspension to invest in new innova-tion to improve musculoskeletal health across the world. They were also able to upgrade their manufacturing equipment and facilities. Perhaps more importantly, these investments not only supported existing jobs, but they also helped to create new jobs—new, good-paying jobs. Yet, despite this evidence, despite this strong bipartisan support for re-peal, and despite a wide-ranging pack-age of changes to the Tax Code becom-ing law in recent days, Congress has failed to address the medical device 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JA6.021 S09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S93 January 9, 2018 
tax, which went back into place on January 1. As we again discuss the policy prior-ities that were left unaddressed in 2017, I strongly urge my colleagues to work with me to quickly and meaningfully address the medical device tax. This would allow these innovative compa-nies to make the long-term invest-ments that not only lead to life-chang-ing technologies but support thousands of high-paying jobs across the country, including in my home State of Indiana. Another issue that has garnered bi-partisan support is a healthcare pro-gram that covers millions of our chil-dren. We must reauthorize the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program—also known as CHIP—that expired in Sep-tember. I have long supported the CHIP pro-gram. It provides health coverage for millions of kids, including nearly 115,000 children from Indiana. I am not alone in my support for this program. The fact is, CHIP has had strong bipar-tisan support for the past 20 years, and Democrats and Republicans in both the Senate and the House have shown they support a 5-year reauthorization of the program. That gives States the cer-tainty they need to plan their budgets and provide high-quality care to these children. Despite this shared commitment for the program and agreement on the need for a long-term reauthorization, we were only able to fund the program through March before Congress de-parted for the holidays. This short- term extension bought some time, but according to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services—CMS—some States will start running out of money after January 19. This means families and States will very soon face the harmful consequences of congressional inaction. Just last week, the Congressional Budget Office said that funding the CHIP program for the next 5 years will cost significantly less than previous es-timates. This program is vital to our families and vital to our children. We should reauthorize the CHIP program right away. Like the CHIP program, community health centers have enjoyed long bipar-tisan support for the high-quality care they provide to our families. Also, like CHIP, the funding for community health centers expired on September 30, leaving many health centers across Indiana worried about if they will have the resources they need to continue to serve Hoosiers. We have the ability to work together now to ensure that our community health centers can continue to provide cost-effective, high-quality healthcare to people all across the country. Finally, we have demonstrated a common desire to address the needs of the opioid and drug abuse crisis. It is a scourge. It took the lives of 63,000 peo-ple just in 2016—63,000 of our brothers and sisters, our husbands and wives, our sons and daughters. It is a heart-break that is crushing the entire coun-try. I welcomed President Trump’s dec-laration of a public health emergency, and both Republican and Democratic Senators have highlighted the need for Congress to do even more to help those struggling with addiction. Like many other States, the opioid epidemic has been particularly dev-astating in underserved areas in Indi-ana that lack adequate treatment pro-viders. Senator M
URKOWSKI and I have partnered on a bipartisan bill that would encourage addiction treatment professionals to serve in underserved areas by making addiction treatment facilities eligible for National Health Service Corps student loan repayment and forgiveness. We can show our commitment to in-creasing access to treatment by reau-thorizing the National Health Service Corps program, which expired in Sep-tember. We also must recognize that a meaningful response to the opioid cri-sis will require robust and meaningful funding to help our communities as soon as possible. I have often said that most people think Congress can do something to help make life better—to provide work-ing parents with the peace of mind that their children can grow up healthy and to instill confidence in our commu-nities so that they will have the tools they need to respond to this heart-breaking crisis. At the very least, Con-gress should not make this situation worse. By failing to take action in 2017, medical device companies are once again paying a counterproductive tax that inhibits growth in Indiana. On all of these issues—medical device taxes, our families and our children and this opioid crisis, community health centers—we can work together as Democrats, as Republicans, but more than either of those, as Ameri-cans to make sure that our families can get decent healthcare, to make sure that no one else dies because of this terrible opioid scourge we are dealing with. These are critically im-portant issues. These are issues that know no political party, that know no special agenda. What we do know is that we need this Congress, this Sen-ate, to deal with them now. Mr. President, I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). The Senator from North Da-kota. 
CONGRATULATING THE NORTH DAKOTA STATE  
UNIVERSITY BISON FOOTBALL TEAM FOR WIN -
NING THE FCS NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP  
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I will be subbmitting a resolution in the U.S. Senate honoring the North Dakota State University Bison football team, who just won their sixth national championship in 7 years. Mr. President, I know you are a foot-ball fan, so you can truly appreciate what a fantastic achievement that is. What NDSU has accomplished over the last 7 seasons is absolutely extraor-dinary. With our victory on Saturday, the Bison have now won six national football championship series division I national titles in 7 years. That ties them for the most of all time. Also, in each of the past 7 years, they have won or shared the top spot in the Missouri Valley Football Conference champion-ship. We also want to congratulate the James Madison University Dukes on an outstanding year. We had five cham-pionships in a row. The Dukes managed to beat us last year in a semifinal game, and we came back and avenged that loss in a thrilling championship game in Frisco, TX. It went down to the final play. It was a very, very ex-citing game. Winning a national championship is not easy, and this success, reflected both on and off the field, is earned through hard work and dedication. We recognize and congratulate all of the incredible players and Coach Klieman and his tremendous coaching staff, who put in countless hours of practice and preparation. We also recognize the importance of good leadership from athletic director Matt Larsen, NDSU president Dean Bresciani, and everyone at NDSU, all the coaches and the staff, team mem-bers, and really everybody who is part of Bison Nation. North Dakotans travel with our team. They show up in Bison Nation, and their cheering and sup-porting our great team is a huge part of our incredible victories. We congratulate Easton Stick, the quarterback, for achieving MVP honors and leading a tremendous offensive ef-fort by the Bison and also Nick DeLuca, middle linebacker, for leading an incredible defensive effort. These were two tremendous defenses—James Madison and North Dakota State Bison—fast, strong, and it was a thrill-ing game and fun to watch. I want to compliment James Madison not only on their program but on all their fans and supporters—a real class act. I am very impressed with James Madison University—their students, their team, and all of their alumni, who also turned out in force for what was a tremendous game in Frisco, TX. With that, I submit this resolution to the U.S. Senate honoring the North Da-kota State Bison. Mr. President, I have just one other thing to say: Go Bison. With that, I yield the floor. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMERICAN FARM BUREAU FEDERATION  
CONVENTION AND NAFTA  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I was fortunate enough this week to attend the American Farm Bureau Federa-tion’s annual convention in Nashville, where I had the opportunity to head-line a discussion of the farm bill, along with my colleague from Kansas on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JA6.023 S09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES94 January 9, 2018 
Senate Ag Committee and the gen-tleman from Texas, Congressman C
ON-
AWAY , who is leading on the House Ag-riculture Committee, during the Presi-dent’s commodity meeting. The Amer-ican Farm Bureau hosted other farm groups and commodity organizations from across the country to talk about the next farm bill and to try to bring consensus as to what agriculture is looking for in farm policy. In my opportunity to visit with peo-ple at the Farm Bureau’s annual meet-ing, in my remarks, I paid particular attention to the farm bill. It is a farm safety net. When we talk about a farm bill, I suppose we ought to highlight that only a small portion of the farm bill is actually related to farm pro-grams. There are a number of titles to the farm bill, and most of the money in a farm bill is spent on nutrition pro-grams and mostly SNAP, but there are other important components of a farm bill—rural development and conserva-tion. In addition to that topic, which I have been on the Senate floor speaking about before, are food aid and support for those who are experiencing famine around the globe. My opportunity to be with farmers and ranchers from across the country gave me an opportunity to not only speak about my views as to what a farm bill should contain but, more importantly, for me to hear what they had to say that was important to them. Farm Bureau members from across the country made it clear to me, first of all, that they would like to see Con-gress—Republicans and Democrats in the House and the Senate—and the ad-ministration work together in a bipar-tisan fashion to get a farm bill done and, prior to that, to get a disaster re-lief bill completed, which I hope we will do yet this month on the Senate floor—both the disaster bill that needs to get to the President’s desk as soon as possible and also a farm bill that needs to be completed in a timely fash-ion. The current farm bill under which we are operating expires in 2018. Of the things I want to highlight that I heard from Farm Bureau members while I was there is certainly the im-portance of crop insurance and the value it provides, particularly for those of us who live and farm and work in places where the weather is not often our friend, as well as just the chal-lenges the current farm bill is creating in Kansas. Particularly, the safety net programs PLC and ARC don’t work as well as they should or could. Part of that has to do with timeliness, and part is the inability and the difficulty in farmers having to choose between two pro-grams and to predict for a long pe-riod—the life of the farm bill—which makes the most sense to them eco-nomically. Whether they are going to have high prices, low prices, good weather, or bad weather is a hard thing to know in the life of a farm bill. Again, because of the issues we have with the current farm bill, timeliness is important because those provisions that are less than satisfactory today will be extended if we aren’t successful in completing a farm bill this year. While the topic of conversation gen-erally revolved around the farm bill, I want to indicate to my colleagues that so much of what I heard was about trade, particularly about NAFTA. The reality is, 98 to 99 percent of the mouths to feed are outside of the United States. Farmers and ranchers earn their livings by feeding a hungry world, and exports matter to us. There was a lot of concern expressed to me and among the farmers and ranchers who were gathered there about the po-tential of the withdrawal by the United States from NAFTA. Kansas is a good example. Our largest importer—the place to which we export the most agri-cultural commodities—is Mexico. It is not just about commodities. In addition to the commodities, there are manufacturing jobs related to food and food products. There are 36,000 jobs that generate more than $5.7 billion in economic activity, and approximately 14 percent of all jobs and 10 percent of all manufacturing jobs are tied to the food and agricultural sectors. So, when we talk about trade and exports, we are not just talking about shipping a ton of wheat or a carload of wheat to another country; we are also talking about all of the jobs here in the United States. It is not just in growing commodities and not just in raising cattle but all of the jobs that come from taking those com-modities, turning them into food, and exporting the food to other countries as well. I have had this conversation with people within the administration and with my colleagues in the U.S. Senate. I do believe the tax bill we passed will improve the economy and that farmers, lots of other business men and women, manufacturers, and others will experi-ence greater economic opportunity as a result of the passage of the tax bill. I would highlight that the tax rates are a lot less important if we don’t have in-come. If something would happen in which we would not be exporting—for example, if there would be a with-drawal from NAFTA—the outcome could be that the tax rates would be-come semi-irrelevant because the in-come levels of farmers and ranchers and those who would have jobs in the food sector would be significantly di-minished. Less income means tax rates don’t matter as much as they other-wise would. Things are really difficult in agri-culture today. Commodity prices are at low prices historically. The challenges are great. Weather, as I said earlier when speaking about crop insurance, is not always our friend. Across Kansas, the plea is for rain or snowfall or mois-ture. It is dry statewide. The chal-lenges the producers in my State but really those across the country face are low commodity prices and weather, which are significant. What that means is, we need every additional market. We cannot afford to lose any market to which we sell those commodities. More markets mean higher prices, and more demand means higher prices. Today, we need every penny we can gain on a bushel of corn or wheat or soybeans or grain sorghum. We need to make cer-tain we don’t lose markets but that we gain markets. I commend the President for trav-eling to Nashville and speaking and meeting with the American Farm Bu-reau. I believe it has been 30-plus years since a President attended a Farm Bu-reau annual convention. I know, in my own experience both in the House and the Senate, reporters have often asked me to analyze what I have heard or haven’t heard in a President’s State of the Union Address. It has always been my practice to listen to a State of the Union Address and hear whether a President speaks about agriculture, about farmers, about ranchers, about rural America. Here we had a President who traveled to Nashville and spent time with those farmers and ranchers of America, and I am pleased the Presi-dent did so. I continue to encourage the adminis-tration to remain mindful of the role agricultural trade plays in our econ-omy. I would indicate that our with-drawal from NAFTA is a high-risk strategy—a negotiating tactic, per-haps. It is true we have the highest quality of agriculture products avail-able in the world, but other countries are very interested in taking our mar-kets, and any indication that our mar-kets are not going to continue gives countries like Argentina, Brazil, and others the opportunity to make the case that they will be stable suppliers. The things we raise in the United States they can sell and provide in those countries as well. My point is, we don’t have a corner on the market, and any suggestion that we are not a stable supplier or that the trading relation-ship is going to diminish or disappear between two countries means that oth-ers are eagerly seeking to take those markets away from us. Given the impact on our Nation’s economy, I urge those conference attendees, those people I visited with in Nashville, to continue to convey to all of those policymakers the impor-tance of trade and the importance of trade agreements. The administration has a desire to develop bilateral as compared to multi-lateral trade agreements, and I encour-age those negotiations to be ongoing today. We don’t have any time to waste when it comes to finding new markets and trading relationships with other countries. Again, I appreciate the President traveling to Nashville and spending time with farmers and ranchers, and I appreciate the agenda he outlined in regard to regulatory relief, as well as the issue of broadband, on which the President spent a significant amount of time, providing technology to a part of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JA6.025 S09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S95 January 9, 2018 
the country that has, in many in-stances, been lacking or woefully inad-equate. But the bottom line is that rural America needs income. We can do lots of things to improve the quality of life in rural America, but in the absence of farmer success, in the absence of a farmer and rancher earning a living, the ability to attract our children or others to come back to the farm and the ability to retain our young people in the community to work on a farm diminishes greatly. One of the questions I received was from a young lady studying in Texas, and this was her question: What are you doing to make certain that young people have a chance to be farmers? While my answer was less than per-fect—it is a hard one to answer—it is an important question. The reality is that the chances of young people hav-ing the opportunity in agriculture to earn a living is totally dependent upon the economic success of those individ-uals in agriculture today and what the future holds. We can find a few pro-grams that might encourage young people to be able to enter agriculture as a profession and as a career, but the reality is that it will only work when they are earning a good living, and that comes, once again, from the safety nets, including crop insurance, which will be included in a farm bill as it works its way through Congress this year, but also in the opportunity to see that every market around the globe is available to the U.S. farmer and ranch-er so that he and she will earn a living and so that they will increase the chances that their sons and daughters have the opportunity to work side by side with them into the future. I especially want to thank a few peo-ple from the American Farm Bureau Federation for allowing me to attend and inviting me to attend and to speak—certainly, President Zippy Duvall, the president of the American Farm Bureau Federation, from Geor-gia; Dale Moore, a Kansan who is at the American Farm Bureau Federa-tion; and Mary Kay Thatcher, their long-time government affairs person. All of those individuals at the Amer-ican Farm Bureau Federation do their job so well, but I especially want to ac-knowledge the friendship and support of those three individuals. I am reminded that no matter where we go, farmers and ranchers have a lot in common. In addition to their eco-nomic importance to communities across Kansas and around rural Amer-ica, it is farmers and ranchers that still today provide a sense of what is right in America—an understanding of right and wrong, an understanding of the value of life, integrity, character, and values. It is something that is im-portant not just to rural America but to our entire United States of America. So thank you to the farmers who vis-ited with me. Thank you to the farm-ers who gave me the opportunity to speak with them and listened to me. Please know that I am happy and will continue to roll up my sleeves to work with my colleagues, Republicans and Democrats—the Senator from Kansas, the chairman of the Ag Committee; and the Senator from Michigan, the ranking member, Ms. S
TABENOW . Let’s get a good farm bill done. Let’s get it done on time, and let’s all work to-gether to make sure economic activity is alive and well and trade flourishes between the United States and the rest of the world. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I believe that my distinguished col-league and friend, Senator B
LUMENTHAL , will be joining me on the floor. I ask unanimous consent that I be allowed to speak as in morning busi-ness for such time as I may require and, at the conclusion of my remarks, that Senator B
LUMENTHAL be recog-nized to make his remarks on the same subject. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SAFEGUARDING OUR ELECTIONS  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, 2018 is going to be an election year. In just 10 months, Americans will go to the polls to exercise their franchise, believing in the integrity of our demo-cratic process. I am here today to dis-cuss a threat to the integrity of that process, which is getting little atten-tion here in Congress—nothing near what it deserves. We really ought to be acting with some expedition to safe-guard our elections this November. Yet, instead, the effort is one of chas-ing down partisan investigative rabbit holes. What ought to be our job? Well, na-tional security, intelligence, election, and law enforcement officials, many of them testifying before us here in Con-gress, have made what our job is very clear. We must counter Russia’s well- established election interference play-book. Russia will hack. Russia will bully. Russia will propagandize. Per-haps more insidiously, Russia will seek to corrupt, particularly by exploiting cracks in our incorporation and cam-paign finance laws. We are warned: Russia will seek to interfere in 2018’s election. I ask unanimous consent that an ar-ticle entitled ‘‘CIA’s Pompeo says Rus-sia and others trying to undermine U.S. elections’’ be printed in the R
ECORD at the conclusion of my re-marks. To quote the Center for Strategic and International Studies’ Heather Conley, testifying before Congress last spring, corruption is the ‘‘lubricant’’ for Mos-cow’s election interference, so ‘‘the battle of Western democracies to de-feat corruption’’ must be seen as ‘‘a matter of national security.’’ Testifying before our Crime and Ter-rorism Subcommittee, former Director of National Intelligence, James Clap-per, agreed, saying of Russia’s 2016 election meddling: I believe [the Russians] are now emboldened to continue such activities in the future, both here and around world, and to do so even more intensely. If there has ever been a clarion call for vigilance and ac-tion against a threat to the very foundation of our democratic political system, this epi-sode is it. I hope the American people recog-nize the severity of this threat and that we collectively counter it before it further erodes the fabric of our democracy. 
How to counter it? Well, there are two important solutions that witnesses have identified in recent testimony be-fore the Judiciary and other commit-tees here in the Senate. First, guard against the use of phony shell corporations as facilitators of corruption. Ms. Conley, as I said, wrote that corruption is the ‘‘lubricant’’ with which the Russians operate their inter-ference schemes. She and her col-leagues warn that to fight the corrup-tion that gives Russia this channel of influence—and I quote her here—‘‘en-hancing transparency and the effec-tiveness of the Western democratic tools, instruments, and institutions is critical.’’ One central way to cut off this channel of improper influence would be to require companies to dis-close who their real owner is so that Russian influence can no longer hide behind anonymous American shell companies. Another would be to crack down on the dark money that is flooding into American elections. It is illegal for for-eign nationals to spend money or par-ticipate at all in American elections. Yet, post-Citizens United, the same dark money avenues that allow domes-tic election interference—for instance, that the Koch brothers use to manipu-late American elections—are right out there to be used by Vladimir Putin. If they can hide their identity behind 501(c)(4)s and other dark money chan-nels, so can operatives for the Rus-sians. Instead of taking up these important measures or even ensuring a thorough investigation into the 2016 election meddling, we are—to paraphrase the legendary Senator Sam Ervin of Water-gate fame—chasing rabbits when we should be on a bear hunt. Let’s look at a few rabbits that have distracted us from the task at hand. Remember, when Michael Flynn, the President’s former National Security Adviser, illicitly communicated with the Russian Ambassador about sanc-tions during the transition. Then in the White House, he lied to the FBI about it, which concerned the Justice Department so badly that the Acting Attorney General warned the White House Counsel personally, after which she was fired, but the President then 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JA6.026 S09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES96 January 9, 2018 
waited 18 days until all of this had be-come public in the media to ask for Mi-chael Flynn’s resignation. Out of all of that, the topic for many Republicans was the alleged leaks of classified in-formation that allowed the story to come to light—not the story itself of problems at the highest level of our na-tional security establishment. Off peo-ple went after the ‘‘leaks’’ rabbit. Republicans then pivoted to talking about the ‘‘unmasking’’—remember that word; we heard a lot of it around here—of identities in intelligence re-porting and the purported misconduct of Obama administration officials. Trump even publicly suggested that former National Security Adviser Susan Rice may have committed a crime. So off people went after the ‘‘unmasking’’ rabbit. Next, the President accused Presi-dent Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower, an allegation so outrageous that even congressional Republicans have refused to stand by it, but my, what a bright and shiny rabbit it was for the weeks that it was still a dis-traction. By the spring and summer, Repub-licans were railing against purported conflicts of interest by FBI Deputy Di-rector Andrew McCabe, a distinguished career public servant. I ask unanimous consent that this ar-ticle, ‘‘FBI ruled McCabe had no con-flict of interest in Clinton probe,’’ be printed in the R
ECORD at the conclu-sion of my remarks. So off everybody went after the ‘‘McCabe’s wife’’ rabbit. After President Trump fired FBI Di-rector James Comey to impede the Russia investigation and then told the Russian Foreign Minister and NBC that was why he had done it, the Presi-dent launched another leak rabbit: a coordinated effort with his lawyers, congressional Republicans, and the rightwing media to suggest that Comey had leaked classified information by sharing with a friend his own contem-poraneous notes of conversations with Trump. Just last week, the President again suggested on Twitter that Comey should be charged with a crime—an-other bite at the ‘‘leaks’’ rabbit. In early July, we learned of the June 2016 meeting at Trump Tower between Russian lawyer and operative Natalia Veselnitskaya and senior Trump cam-paign leaders seeking dirt on Hillary Clinton. Republicans tried to distract attention from that mess by suggesting that Veselnitskaya was in the country on a visa issued by Obama administra-tion officials, with some rightwing media—aided by some congressional Republicans—even whipping on the ‘‘visa’’ rabbit by suggesting there was a setup orchestrated by the Obama ad-ministration against the Trump cam-paign. Then came the ‘‘Fusion’’ rabbit. Be-cause Fusion GPS had worked on sepa-rate projects—one with Christopher Steele and a separate one with Natalia Veselnitskaya—some Republicans began suggesting either that Russia had been Fusion’s client for the Steele dossier or that Steele was the unwit-ting victim of a Russian disinformation campaign. Then there is the ‘‘Uranium One’’ rabbit, which began when a rightwing author suggested, without evidence, that Hillary Clinton may have been re-sponsible for a Russian state company acquiring uranium mines in the United States. This rabbit remains a topic of investigation in Congress and in right-wing media. Then there are the attacks on Bob Mueller, which, like rabbits, multiply by the hour. As the special counsel’s investigation started heating up over the late summer and fall, the rightwing began investigating the investigation— alleged conflicts of interest, history of campaign donations, inappropriate text messages, questions about spouses’ em-ployment. But the big one was that the FBI was corruptly involved in the pro-curement of the Steele dossier and that this had launched the ‘‘witch hunt.’’ This, of course, is a very shiny rabbit. However, a week ago, reporting by the New York Times confirmed that the FBI did not begin its investigation into Donald Trump’s connections to Russia because of the so-called Steele dossier. This should not come as a sur-prise. We have already been told that U.S. allies warned American national security officials about Russian inter-ference in our 2016 elections. In response to a question from Rank-ing Member F
EINSTEIN at our Crime and Terrorism Subcommittee hearing on May 8, former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper confirmed that ‘‘Britain’s intelligence service’’— Britain’s intelligence service—‘‘first became aware in late 2015 of suspicious interactions between Trump advisers and Russian intelligence agents,’’ and the Brits passed that information on to U.S. intelligence agencies. Clapper con-firmed that in ‘‘the spring of 2016, mul-tiple European allies passed on addi-tional information to the United States about contacts between the Trump campaign and Russians.’’ Clap-per said that these reports were accu-rate and that ‘‘the specifics are quite sensitive.’’ Now we have learned that Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos, who pled guilty last year to lying to the FBI, apparently told a senior Australian official in the spring of 2016 that Russia had dirt on Hillary Clinton. This is something he said he had been told by an inter-mediary for the Russians. When hacked emails started showing up that sum-mer, Australia’s Government became sufficiently concerned to let U.S. offi-cials know about what they had learned from Papadopoulos. So you have the British intelligence community warnings, the European in-telligence community warnings, the Australian warnings, and Carter Page’s travels to Russia. You have the attri-bution of the DNC hack, the intrusion into those emails, to Russian hackers. You have the leaking of the stolen emails. You have abundant evidence out of all of that for the FBI that the Trump campaign’s links to Russia re-quired further investigation. It would have been a complete failure of their duty to not have looked further based on all of that evidence. That is not to say that Christopher Steele and his work are not taken seri-ously by U.S. intelligence and law en-forcement officials. U.S. security agen-cies have relied on Steele’s analysis long before any dossier appeared. Steele is a leading Russia expert. Be-ginning in 1990, as an undercover offi-cer in Moscow, he watched the Soviet Union unravel. He observed Russia’s current leaders ascend through the Russian security services during the 1990s and 2000s. He rose to a senior posi-tion on MI6’s Russia desk in London. Since leaving MI6, his reports on Rus-sia and Ukraine have been shared wide-ly within the U.S. Government as cred-ible reporting. A U.S. official told the Guardian that Steele’s reports were ‘‘consistently reliable, meticulous, and well-informed.’’ But you would never know this from listening to congressional Republicans. They have been repeating, in chorus with the White House and conservative media, the disproven claim that the Russians somehow commissioned the Steele dossier or that Steele somehow got suckered by the Russians or that some deep-state FBI set up the whole thing to pressure Trump. They have pushed to discredit Steele. They have pushed to discredit Fusion. As one example, rewind to the Judici-ary Committee’s hearing on the For-eign Agents Registration Act, or FARA, last July. On the morning of the second day of that hearing, the President tweeted: ‘‘One of the things that has been lost in the politics of this situation is that the Russians collected and spread negative information about then candidate Trump.’’ This is Trump tweeting about himself. His tweet came shortly after a segment on FOX News centered on the same question. Other rightwing outlets parroted the same message. That same day, Republicans in Con-gress spun out the same premise that Russians paid for the dossier and that the dossier was, to use their word, the ‘‘genesis’’ of the FBI’s inquiry. I hope we have made it clear that this was not the genesis. While the FARA hearing was still going on, that same day, the gop.gov website published this post: 
[W]e now know a Russian backed, Demo-crat connected research firm, with a history of smearing individuals and pitching fake in-formation to reporters, was hired by oppo-nents of President Trump to compile a ‘‘dos-sier’’ of supposed Trump ties to Russia. The information that was compiled was taken seriously by the highest level of our intelligence community along with our media, despite obvious signs that the firm behind it was tied to Russia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JA6.027 S09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S97 January 9, 2018 
As a reminder, this phony ‘‘dossier’’ helped spark the investigation now led by Special Counsel Mueller. 
That is the rabbit we are chasing now. The uniformity of the rightwing mes-sage that day with the White House was telling, but the message—the con-tent of it—is simply not true. In fact, at that hearing, the witness denied any knowledge of any link between Rus-sians and the clients of the Steele dos-sier. In the months that followed, Fusion GPS’s founder, Glenn Simpson, spent over 20 hours speaking with congres-sional investigators, including inves-tigators from the Senate Judiciary Committee. I ask unanimous consent that his op- ed be printed in the R
ECORD as a third and final item at the conclusion of my remarks. During these interviews, he specifi-cally told Democratic and Republican staff alike that the dossier was taken seriously by the FBI because it cor-roborated reports the Bureau had al-ready received from other sources—re-member the British, the European, the Australian we have talked about—and a source inside the Trump campaign. From the Time’s recent reporting, we can conclude that that source was George Papadopoulos. This has all been known for months, but the narrative about Fusion GPS and the FBI grinds on, unhinged from fact. The revelation about George Papadopoulos and the Australian Gov-ernment should serve as a clarifying moment about the rightwing effort to undermine Bob Mueller’s investigation of the ties of the Trump campaign and his Presidency to Russia. The FBI in-vestigation did not begin because of op-position research. It did not begin be-cause researchers or journalists or American national security officials fell victim to Russian disinformation. It did not begin because of fake news or because Democrats needed an expla-nation for losing an election. It began when multiple allies, friends of the United States, warned us that the Rus-sian Government was interfering in our democratic process—something many of them knew about from Russia’s in-terference in their own democratic process. We still do not know to what extent that interference may have been facili-tated or even simply known to mem-bers of the Trump campaign or other Trump associates. We still have done nothing to prevent further interference in our elections in 2018. The special counsel’s investigation and the inves-tigations going on in Congress must be allowed to continue until all of the facts are known. Here in the Senate, we should stop looking for new distractions, stop chas-ing rabbits, and start thinking about how we are going to protect our future elections—our 2018 election—against a repeat performance, which we have been warned about, by the Russians or another foreign adversary, for that matter. As the Center for Strategic and International Studies warns in its re-port, ‘‘The Kremlin Playbook,’’ we must fight the avenues for corruption that give Russia influence. We must ‘‘enhanc[e] transparency’’ in govern-ment and build ‘‘resilience against Russian influence’’ in our elections and elsewhere in American society. I will conclude by saying that the best measure of our success in Congress will be an America defended against foreign election interference in time to protect our 2018 elections. If we have not achieved that, we have failed at our duty. I do not see us presently on a path to meet that goal. We are less than a year out from election day. We have work to do. Enough with the rab-bits. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
CIA’ SPOMPEO SAYSRUSSIA AND OTHERS  T
RYING TOUNDERMINE U.S. E LECTIONS  (By Susan Cornwell) W
ASHINGTON (REUTERS ).—The head of the Central Intelligence Agency said on Sunday that Russia and others are trying to under-mine elections in the United States, the next major one being in November when Repub-licans will try to keep control of Congress. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Russia interfered in the 2016 presi-dential election to try to help President Donald Trump win, in part by hacking and releasing emails embarrassing to Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, and spreading social media propaganda. CIA Director Mike Pompeo told CBS that the Russian interference is longstanding, and continues. Asked on ‘‘Face the Nation’’ if Moscow is currently trying to undermine U.S. elections, Pompeo responded: ‘‘Yes sir, have been for decades.’’ ‘‘Yes, I continue to be concerned, not only about the Russians, but about others’ efforts as well,’’ Pompeo said, without giving de-tails. ‘‘We have many foes who want to un-dermine Western democracy.’’ Moscow denies any meddling in the 2016 elections to help Republican Trump win. U.S. Special Counsel Robert Mueller is inves-tigating whether any crimes were com-mitted. Two Trump associates, former na-tional security adviser Michael Flynn and campaign aide George Papadopoulos have pleaded guilty to lying to FBI agents in the probe. Trump denies any campaign collusion with Russia. Trump has at times suggested that he ac-cepts the U.S. intelligence agencies’ assess-ment that Russia sought to interfere in the election but at other times has said he ac-cepts Russian President Vladimir Putin’s de-nials that Moscow meddled. Trump has frequently spoken of wanting to improve relations with Putin, even though Russia has frustrated U.S. policy in Syria and Ukraine and done little to help Wash-ington in its standoff with North Korea. Pompeo told CBS that the CIA had an im-portant function as a part of the national se-curity team to keep U.S. elections secure and democratic. ‘‘We are working diligently to do that. So we’re going to work against the Russians or any others who threaten that very outcome,’’ he said. Trump said on Saturday that he planned an active year on the campaign trail on be-half of Republican candidates running in the mid-term elections, in which all of the House of Representatives and one-third of the Sen-ate will be up for election. Republicans hold majorities in both. [From The Hill, Jan. 5, 2018] FBI R
ULED MCCABEHADNOCONFLICT OF  I
NTEREST IN CLINTON PROBE : DOCS (By Julia Manchester) The FBI said in documents released Friday that Deputy Director Andrew McCabe did not have any role in the probe into Hillary Clinton’s private email server while his wife ran as a Democrat for state office in Vir-ginia. The documents note that Jill McCabe an-nounced her candidacy for state Senate in Virginia in March 2015, while Andrew McCabe’s role as deputy director started in February 2016, three months after his wife lost her electoral bid. Andrew McCabe had asked ethics officials if his wife’s candidacy would lead to a poten-tial conflict of interest while he was working as an assistant director at the FBI Field Of-fice in Washington, D.C., the documents show. ‘‘From the first contemplation that his wife would run for office in Virginia, [McCabe] sought out and consulted with eth-ics officers, which included briefings on the Hatch Act,’’ the records state. A ‘‘system of recusal’’ was also put in place to prevent any potential conflicts of interests, according to the documents. The release of the documents comes after President Trump and other Republicans have claimed McCabe had a conflict of interest due to his wife’s electoral bid, noting that her campaign was supported by a super-PAC associated to Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe (D), a Clinton ally. ‘‘How can FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, the man in charge, along with leakin’ James Comey, of the Phony Hillary Clinton investigation (including her 33,000 il-legally deleted emails) be given $700,000 for wife’s campaign by Clinton Puppets during investigation?’’ Trump tweeted last month: ‘‘How can FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, the man in charge, along with leakin’ James Comey of the Phony Hillary Clinton investigation (including her 33,000 il-legally deleted emails) be given $700,000 for wife’s campaign by Clinton Puppets during investigation?’’ 3:27 PM–Dec. 23, 2017 Trump’s tweet and others he sent targeting the No. 2 FBI official amid the federal Russia probe came after it was revealed McCabe would be retiring from his post in the com-ing months. Trump interviewed McCabe to be FBI di-rector in May after he fired James Comey from the top post. The president ultimately tapped Christopher Wray for the bureau’s top spot. 
[From the New York Times, Jan. 2, 2018] T
HEREPUBLICANS ’ FAKEINVESTIGATIONS  (By Glenn R. Simpson and Peter Fritsch) A generation ago, Republicans sought to protect President Richard Nixon by urging the Senate Watergate committee to look at supposed wrongdoing by Democrats in pre-vious elections. The committee chairman, Sam Ervin, a Democrat, said that would be ‘‘as foolish as the man who went bear hunt-ing and stopped to chase rabbits.’’ Today, amid a growing criminal inquiry into Russian meddling in the 2016 election, congressional Republicans are again chasing rabbits. We know because we’re their favor-ite quarry. In the year since the publication of the so- called Steele dossier—the collection of intel-ligence reports we commissioned about Don-ald Trump’s ties to Russia—the president 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JA6.029 S09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES98 January 9, 2018 
has repeatedly attacked us on Twitter. His allies in Congress have dug through our bank records and sought to tarnish our firm to punish us for highlighting his links to Rus-sia. Conservative news outlets and even our former employer, The Wall Street Journal, have spun a succession of mendacious con-spiracy theories about our motives and back-ers. We are happy to correct the record. In fact, we already have. Three congressional committees have heard over 21 hours of testimony from our firm, Fusion GPS. In those sessions, we top-pled the far right’s conspiracy theories and explained how The Washington Free Beacon and the Clinton campaign—the Republican and Democratic funders of our Trump re-search—separately came to hire us in the first place. We walked investigators through our year-long effort to decipher Mr. Trump’s complex business past, of which the Steele dossier is but one chapter. And we handed over our rel-evant bank records—while drawing the line at a fishing expedition for the records of companies we work for that have nothing to do with the Trump case. Republicans have refused to release full transcripts of our firm’s testimony, even as they selectively leak details to media out-lets on the far right. It’s time to share what our company told investigators. We don’t believe the Steele dossier was the trigger for the F.B.I.’s investigation into Russian meddling. As we told the Senate Ju-diciary Committee in August, our sources said the dossier was taken so seriously be-cause it corroborated reports the bureau had received from other sources, including one inside the Trump camp. The intelligence committees have known for months that credible allegations of collu-sion between the Trump camp and Russia were pouring in from independent sources during the campaign. Yet lawmakers in the thrall of the president continue to wage a cynical campaign to portray us as the unwit-ting victims of Kremlin disinformation. We suggested investigators look into the bank records of Deutsche Bank and others that were funding Mr. Trump’s businesses. Congress appears uninterested in that tip: Reportedly, ours are the only bank records the House Intelligence Committee has sub-poenaed. We told Congress that from Manhattan to Sunny Isles Beach, Fla., and from Toronto to Panama, we found widespread evidence that Mr. Trump and his organization had worked with a wide array of dubious Russians in ar-rangements that often raised questions about money laundering. Likewise, those deals don’t seem to interest Congress. We explained how, from our past journal-istic work in Europe, we were deeply famil-iar with the political operative Paul Manafort’s coziness with Moscow and his fi-nancial ties to Russian oligarchs close to Vladimir Putin. Finally, we debunked the biggest canard being pushed by the president’s men—the no-tion that we somehow knew of the June 9, 2016, meeting in Trump Tower between some Russians and the Trump brain trust. We first learned of that meeting from news reports last year—and the committees know it. They also know that these Russians were unaware of the former British intelligence officer Christopher Steele’s work for us and were not sources for his reports. Yes, we hired Mr. Steele, a highly re-spected Russia expert. But we did so without informing him whom we were working for and gave him no specific marching orders be-yond this basic question: Why did Mr. Trump repeatedly seek to do deals in a notoriously corrupt police state that most serious inves-tors shun? What came back shocked us. Mr. Steele’s sources in Russia (who were not paid) re-ported on an extensive—and now confirmed— effort by the Kremlin to help elect Mr. Trump president. Mr. Steele saw this as a crime in progress and decided he needed to report it to the F.B.I. We did not discuss that decision with our clients, or anyone else. Instead, we deferred to Mr. Steele, a trusted friend and intel-ligence professional with a long history of working with law enforcement. We did not speak to the F.B.I. and haven’t since. After the election, Mr. Steele decided to share his intelligence with Senator John McCain via an emissary. We helped him do that. The goal was to alert the United States national security community to an attack on our country by a hostile foreign power. We did not, however, share the dossier with BuzzFeed, which to our dismay published it last January. We’re extremely proud of our work to high-light Mr. Trump’s Russia ties. To have done so is our right under the First Amendment. In is time to stop chasing rabbits. The pub-lic still has much to learn about a man with the most troubling business past of any United States president. Congress should re-lease transcripts of our firm’s testimony, so that the American people can learn the truth about our work and most important, what happened to our democracy. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. I now yield, per the pending agreement, to my distin-guished friend from Connecticut. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). The Senator from Connecticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Thank you, Mr. President. I thank my colleague Senator W
HITE-
HOUSE for his very erudite and insight-ful summary of the bright, shiny toys and rabbits and rabbit holes that a number of our colleagues have at-tempted to use to distract the Judici-ary Committee and this body from what should be its quest for the truth; that is, the truth about the Russian at-tack on our democracy during the last election and potential collusion in that attack—specifically, collusion by the Trump campaign—and obstruction of justice. Indeed, obstruction of justice is within the direct purview of the Judici-ary Committee. I want to thank my colleague Sen-ator W
HITEHOUSE for joining me in a letter that we wrote to the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Senator G
RASSLEY , asking that he very simply make public the transcript of the inter-view with Glenn Simpson conducted by our staff. Senator G
RASSLEY declined. But, earlier today, Senator F
EINSTEIN  released the interview, advancing the American people’s right and need to know the full truth. I want to applaud Senator F
EIN-
STEIN ’s leadership in using her proper authority as the ranking member to serve this vital public interest. I am grateful to her for her courage and strength in moving forward and dis-closing the transcript to prevent its use as a dangerous distraction from the critical work of our committee. I want to thank at least one of our colleagues across the aisle, Senator C
ORNYN , for apparently supporting that step. The toys and rabbits and rabbit holes are hardly new to efforts by defenders of an administration against an inves-tigation, and perhaps for some amuse-ment as well as enlightenment, I want to cite a satiric column done by Art Buchwald in 1973. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the column be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
HEREAREHANDY EXCUSES FOR NIXON B
ACKERS  (By Art Buchwald) W
ASHINGTON .—These are difficult times for people who are defending the Nixon adminis-tration. No matter where they go they are attacked by pseudo-liberals, McGovern lovers, heterosexual constitutionalists and paranoid John Dean believers. As a public service, I am printing instant responses for loyal Nixonites when they are attacked at a party. Please cut it out and carry it in your pocket. 1—Everyone does it. 2—What about Chappaquiddick? 3—A President can’t keep track of every-thing his staff does. 4—The press is blowing the whole thing up. 5—Whatever Nixon did was for national se-curity. 6—The Democrats are sore because they lost the election. 7—Are you going to believe a rat like John Dean or the President of the United States? 8—Wait till all the facts come out. 9—What about Chappaquiddick? 10—If you impeach Nixon, you get Agnew. 11—The only thing wrong with Watergate is they got caught. 12—What about Daniel Ellsberg stealing the Pentagon Papers? 13—It happens in Europe all the time. 14—People would be against Nixon no mat-ter what he did. 15—I’d rather have a crook in the White House than a fool. 16—L.B.J. used to read FBI reports every night. 17—What’s the big deal about finding out what your opposition is up to? 18—The President was too busy running the country to know what was going on. 19—What about Chappaquiddick? 20—People who live in glass houses shouldn’t throw stones. 21—McGovern would have lost anyway. 22—Maybe the Committee for the Re-Elec-tion of the President went a little too far, but they were just a bunch of eager kids. 23—I’m not for breaking the law, but some-times you have to do it to save the country. 24—Nixon made a mistake. He’s only human. 25—Do you realize what Watergate is doing to the dollar abroad? 26—What about Harry Truman and the deep freeze scandal? 27—Franklin D. Roosevelt did a lot worse things. 28—I’m sick and tired of hearing about Wa-tergate and so is everybody else. 29—This thing should be tried in the courts and not on television. 30—When Nixon gives his explanation of what happened there are going to be a lot of people in this country with egg on their faces. 31—My country right or wrong. 32—What about Chappaquiddick? 33—I think the people who make all this fuss about Watergate should be shot. 34—If the Democrats had the money they would have done the same thing. 35—I never trusted Haldeman and Ehrlichman to start with. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA6.025 S09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S99 January 9, 2018 
36—If you say one more word about Water-gate I’ll punch you in the nose. A—If the person is bigger than you: ‘‘If you say one more word about Watergate I’m leaving this house.’’ B—If it’s your own house and the person is bigger than you: ‘‘What about Chappaquid-dick? 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. Buchwald wrote a satirical list of tactics Repub-licans were using to keep Americans from focusing on the Watergate scan-dal. The list is eerily familiar. The tac-tics being employed by the Trump sup-porters today ring of those same tac-tics used in Watergate. Buchwald sug-gests focusing on accusations made against prominent Democrats or indi-viduals who had accused Richard Nixon of wrongdoing. He suggests attacking the media. He suggests saying: ‘‘The Democrats are sore because they lost.’’ He suggests deflecting blame to a ‘‘bunch of eager kids’’—perhaps sound-ing like the reference to ‘‘coffee boys’’ today—and saying that this investiga-tion is ‘‘bad for the dollar,’’ much like bad for America abroad. I am very confident—and I want to emphasize this point very emphati-cally—that the special counsel will be in no way distracted from his inves-tigation and his team will be undeterred by these tactics. But the American people should not be dis-tracted or deterred either and, equally important, the Judiciary Committee, the U.S. Senate, and the Congress as a whole has a duty here that is, in fact, vulnerable to that same distraction. We must persevere. What our Republican colleagues are doing at this point is indicated by a re-cent New York Times article. The arti-cle describes President Trump’s efforts to persuade congressional allies to drop their investigations, and it says: 
Another Republican Senator said Mr. Trump had not urged him to help bring the Russia inquiry to a halt. Instead, the Sen-ator said, the President nudged him to begin an investigation into Hillary Clinton’s con-nection with the intelligence-gathering firm Fusion GPS, which produced a dossier of al-legations about Mr. Trump’s ties to Moscow. 
The goal was to stop the investiga-tion of Russian meddling, but the im-plication in the article is that the President knew he could achieve that goal as effectively, or at least more practically, by distracting from those investigations, diverting resources to other issues, and muddying the waters for the American people. That is the playbook from 1973 that is referenced by Art Buchwald in his 1973 column. Here is the danger: Distractions are dangerous, and efforts to discredit law enforcement are equally perilous. Those efforts have included not only the urging for an investigation of Ura-nium One and Fusion GPS but also at-tacks on the integrity of some mem-bers of the FBI and the FBI as a whole and attacks on individual members of the special counsel’s team, on the team as a whole, and on Robert Mueller him-self. The effort plainly is to discredit the investigation before it reaches a potentially incriminating conclusion and to stop the investigation, but if not stop it, at least to demean its credibility before charges are brought. It is standard operating procedure. We know as prosecutors. The distin-guished Senator from Rhode Island and I served as U.S. attorneys and then at-torneys general for our States. We know going into the courtroom that we can expect to be attacked and that our teams can be expected to be attacked. That is what defense lawyers do. That is what they do because they hope to demean and discredit and dismantle the credibility of prosecutors before the jury in the courtroom. Here, the courtroom is not a court of law but the court of public opinion. Our Republican friends have launched that preemptive strike, methodically and meticulously, just as the special counsel is engaging in his investigation methodically and meticulously. Now, I referred to Republican col-leagues, and I believe strongly and pas-sionately that many, if not most, of our Republican colleagues share our zeal for the rule of law and for a just outcome to this investigation. The rea-son is very simple. The Russian attack on our democracy imperils not just this administration and not just one election. It imperils our democracy as a whole. The meddling in our elections was perhaps done to advance the Trump candidacy in 2016, but it can be used against the Trump candidacy in 2020. It can be used against another Re-publican candidate in that year. It could be used in 2018 against other can-didates for Congress or for State elec-tion. My Republican colleagues have been as eloquent as any of us in defining that threat because there is no doubt in the intelligence community that it is a threat, that the Russians did inter-fere, and that they sought to advance the Trump candidacy. Whether there was an impact and what the impact was may never be known, but the effort is clear. It involved a massive cam-paign of disinformation, propaganda, cyber attack, and other means. That is what the FBI learned was happening, not as a result of Christopher Steele but from sources within the Trump campaign, including George Papadopoulos, and from other intel-ligence sources, and that is what we must make sure is known to the Amer-ican public. We must make sure that anyone who aided the Russians pays a price and that the Russians themselves pay a price, because if there is no price, it will be done with impunity again. So there should be—and I believe there is—bipartisan apprehension about that threat to our Nation’s secu-rity. That is the reason that the Judi-ciary Committee’s investigation, along with the special counsel, is so impor-tant, because our purview includes ob-struction of justice and the integrity of the Department of Justice. Any inter-ference politically with the FBI’s in-vestigation into Russian meddling must be prevented in the future as well. Only the Judiciary Committee can frame and craft legislation that will help to protect the FBI. Senator WHITEHOUSE and I, and Sen-ator F
EINSTEIN and others on the com-mittee, will be proposing such legisla-tion based on what we know so far. It is legislation that essentially protects the rule of law against such efforts to obstruct justice and politically inter-fere. The intelligence community’s con-clusions about Russian meddling did not rely on the credibility of Glenn Simpson or Christopher Steele. The two guilty pleas and convictions that the special counsel has already secured do not rely on the credibility of Simp-son or Steele. Without fear of con-tradiction, I can predict that addi-tional convictions and indictments will be based on fact and law, not on the credibility of Simpson and Steele. The conclusions reached by Simpson, Steele, or anybody else are relevant only insofar as they are supported and backed and proved by facts and con-sistent with relevant law. Now, in fact, as we know, Christopher Steele tried to blow the whistle on the Russians. He brought to the FBI’s at-tention information that he thought was relevant to protecting the United States of America against Russian in-terference. As my colleague Senator W
HITEHOUSE has outlined in detail, the FBI already knew of it and courteously heard from Christopher Steele and later interviewed him. The effort to undermine the credi-bility of the FBI by pointing to Chris-topher Steele completely misses the mark. In fact, I am deeply disappointed that the first major action by our Re-publican colleagues on the Judiciary Committee was aimed at someone who reported wrongdoing, not committed it, and it was done without any co-operation or even consultation with Democratic colleagues. It is really a betrayal of the spirit that I think should characterize this very serious investigation, because it should be bi-partisan. My hope is that these distractions, dangerous as they are, will, in fact, not divert either our committee or the spe-cial counsel. The pace of our commit-tee’s investigation—again, to be very blunt—has been shamefully slow. I hope that its pace will quicken and that it will intensify and that there will be hearings in public with wit-nesses under oath and subpoenas of documents. I have said it repeatedly. I hope we will use those tools because only by relying on our powers to inves-tigate effectively and comprehensively will we protect the goals of upholding integrity and justice. As for the special counsel and our law enforcement community, I think they should know that we support them and that we will protect the spe-cial counsel against political inter-ference. That is why there is legisla-tion I have proposed, along with my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA6.026 S09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES100 January 9, 2018 
colleague Senator W HITEHOUSE and others. It is bipartisan legislation. I thank Senators T
ILLIS and G RAHAM , as well as Senators C
OONS and B OOKER , for joining in this legislation. That legisla-tion has already had a hearing. It should be voted to the floor and passed by the Congress so that there is no question that the special counsel will be protected against interference or firing. As that investigation moves closer to the Oval Office, as it tightens its grip on members of the administration, there will be increasing threats and ef-forts to intimidate. The FBI and the Department of Justice, as well as the special counsel, have a well-earned rep-utation for integrity and zeal. It is part of our rule of law that a law is en-forced. Enforcement of a law depends on thorough and independent inves-tigations that are pursued without fear or favor, without efforts to distract or demean. This body, the U.S. Congress, has an obligation to support those kinds of values. They are uniquely American values. They are the under-pinning of all of our laws, all that we hold dear, and all that we celebrate in this body and in this country. My hope is that we will be part of the effort to avoid politicizing the pursuit of justice. Politicization of the pursuit of justice diverts energy and attention away from credible criminal investiga-tions. It sends a message to this Presi-dent and future Presidents—and every-body who occupies any office—that there are no repercussions for diverting and distracting and for the ploys and rabbit holes that may be used to squan-der resources or undermine credibility. Republicans and Democrats alike should join in the effort to preserve the rule of law. My hope is that we will and will do so without delay because every day that passes when these kinds of false, baseless, and biased innuendos and rumors are raised and given cre-dence is a day that undermines those values that we hold dear. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I thank Senators W
HITEHOUSE and B LUMENTHAL  for their remarks. 
CHILDREN ’S HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM  
Mr. President, it has been 100 days since this Congress allowed the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program to ex-pire. Congress did nothing in Sep-tember, October, November, and De-cember, and now we are more than a week into January—100 days of anxiety for parents, 100 days of wondering if their kids will be kicked off their cov-erage, 100 days of worrying if they will be able to afford their child’s prescrip-tions or worrying whether they can take them to the doctor if they get the flu. Members of Congress—new Members, such as Senators S
MITH and J ONES , Members like Senator H
ATCH , who has been here for 40 years, and all of us— have healthcare paid for by taxpayers. We remember the discussion of the tax bill written down the hall in the of-fice of Majority Leader MCCONNELL . The Senate found plenty of time in De-cember to pass a massive handout for corporations. The Presiding Officer, the Senator from Florida, has since questioned whether too much of this bill went to corporate interests. More than 80 percent of the tax cut bill went to the richest 1 percent. In addition, we know it was a mas-sive handout for corporations that sent jobs overseas. We are going to see more companies shut down in Mansfield, Lima, Zanesville, Chillicothe, Ports-mouth, and in big cities like Columbus, Cleveland, and Cincinnati. We are going to see more plants close and move overseas because this Senate and the House passed a tax bill that en-courages more corporations to ship jobs overseas. All the while, this body couldn’t be bothered to give families more than a short-term funding Band- Aid for CHIP, which experts have said will not even last the last 3 months they promised. I applaud the Presiding Officer, the Senator from Florida, for his efforts to enlarge at least some of the tax bill to put more money into the pockets of working families, particularly low-in-come working families. It was not enough, but at least some effort was made. The Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services are reporting that some States will run out of money by Janu-ary 19, next week. In my State of Ohio, 209,000 children rely on CHIP. Who are these kids? These are sons and daugh-ters of Ohioans, who are working, in most cases, making $8, $10, or $12 an hour. They are the sons and daughters of parents who don’t have insurance not because they aren’t working as hard or harder than we do, but they don’t have insurance simply because their parents happen to work at a job where they are not provided insurance. There are 209,000 Ohio children who rely on CHIP, a program that has been bipartisan for 20 years. It was without controversy in the past. Families in some States already got letters last year and early this year warning them that their children could lose their healthcare. Think about these families. The par-ents of some of these millions of chil-dren around the country come home from work, working in a $10-an-hour job, not making a lot of money. They are working every bit as hard as we do. They go to the mailbox and see a letter from their State government. I will read one of these letters, a copy of which went to tens of thousands of par-ents: Because Congress has not acted yet, we need to let you know there is a chance that the CHIP Program may have to be shut down. In other words, there is a chance that your children’s health insurance will be cut off. Remember, this is because of the in-action in this body. This is because Senators, who have insurance paid for by taxpayers, would rather vote for tax cuts, would rather do whatever we do all day instead of renewing the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program. This letter goes on: If Congress does not renew Federal funds for CHIP in time, you will get another letter in January telling you your benefits will end. So first, it is a warning. Some par-ents got this warning right around Christmastime. They are already struggling financially. They are not giving their children nearly as much as they want for Christmas because they are making $8, $10, or $12 an hour. They are just trying to stay above water. They are just trying to raise their kids. They get a letter like this at Christ-mastime saying: If Congress doesn’t act, there is really bad news; your kids are going to lose their insurance. Then the same letter says: If Congress doesn’t act, in January you will get an-other letter saying your insurance is cut off. It is already an expensive time of year. There is record cold in Ohio. Sev-eral of our grandchildren live in Co-lumbus, one of them in St. Croix, and two in Providence, RI. When a number of our grandchildren were around, it was too cold to go outside. It was that kind of winter in Ohio. The day after Christmas, temperatures dropped to single digits for 5, 6, or 7 days running. Families are paying more for their heating bill. At Christmastime, of course, it is more expensive. Now their government adds to this list of worries. How do they plan their budget for this year if they don’t know whether or not they will have to shell out thou-sands of dollars more for care for their kids? Remember, 9 million children are at risk because of Republican inaction. Senator P
ORTMAN , my Republican colleague from Ohio, and I and almost every other Senator on the Finance Committee voted to move forward on CHIP, to renew it for these 9 million children for 5 years. That was a good thing. It passed out of committee, but Senator M
CCONNELL , for whatever rea-son, didn’t think this was important enough to actually put it on the floor, move on it, and get it to the President. I have no idea if the President will sign it. I don’t think he knows much about the Children’s Health Insurance Program, but I assume his advisers will say that it is probably a good idea to sign it. But he hasn’t had a chance to sign it because the majority leader doesn’t think this bill is important enough—that these 9 million children are important enough—that Congress should take action. These are often families with two working parents. They might make $8, $10, or $12 an hour, but they are work-ing in jobs where they are not lucky enough to have health insurance. They work for companies or many for small businesses that, for whatever reason, can’t afford it. Whatever the reason, they are working for companies that don’t offer health insurance coverage 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JA6.033 S09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S101 January 9, 2018 
for their families, or they are families with children with special needs. I have introduced to my colleagues before Crystal Lett. This is Crystal’s son Noble, a first-grader in Dublin, OH, a small, prosperous suburb west and northwest of Columbus. I met Crystal and Noble last year, when they made the trip from Ohio to Washington to talk to Members of Con-gress about CHIP. Crystal’s life is not easy because she is taking care of a child with a disability whom she so clearly and dearly loves. I could see, watching Noble, how much he loves his mother and how important they are to each other. Noble was born with a rare genetic disorder. He needs three therapy ses-sions every week. He gets daily hor-mone injections. His medications cost $1,500 a month. I talked to Crystal when she visited. I talked to her again. We talked about how she and her fam-ily are scared to death about what will happen to them if Congress doesn’t save CHIP. This is not difficult. Congress has re-newed it every year for 20 years. It is bipartisan. It has never had much of any opposition. There are a lot of peo-ple like Noble’s mother. Crystal said CHIP is ‘‘the difference between living a middle class lifestyle, or being part of the poverty line.’’ Congress had time to hand out mas-sive permanent tax cuts to the richest Americans and the biggest corpora-tions that send job overseas, but it could only manage to scrape together just a little short-term 3 months of funding for these families. It is really what is wrong with this city. Folks here listen too much to the lobbyists. I remember—and the Pre-siding Officer remembers, too—seeing the stream of lobbyists from drug com-panies, from insurance companies, from the big banks, and from the oil in-dustry, in and out of Senator M
CCON-
NELL ’s office, writing a tax bill. We re-member that from just a couple of months ago. But for some reason, Crys-tal and Noble couldn’t get in that line—the line of lobbyists asking for huge tax breaks, saving billions of dol-lars for their employers while these lobbyists are paid very well. But, frankly, there was nobody having the political wherewithal to convince the majority leader that we ought to move on the CHIP bill. Healthcare for our kids shouldn’t be controversial. It never was until this recent Senate and until this recent President was sworn in. It shouldn’t be partisan. It should be easy. It is a pro-gram created 20 years ago. It was bi-partisan. It has always been bipartisan. It still has bipartisan support today, except that the Speaker of the House down the hall and the majority leader a little closer to us just simply don’t want to pass it. We passed the CHIP extension out of the Finance Committee. It is ready to go. Republican leaders could put it on the floor today, and it would pass. I am guessing that it would pass with no more than 5 or 10 ‘‘no’’ votes. I want my colleagues to explain to Noble’s mother Crystal and to explain to other mothers and fathers like her why corporate tax cuts are more im-portant than their children’s health. This is about whose side you are on. Do we work for the corporations that send our jobs overseas, do we work for those companies that line up hungrily for tax breaks, or do we work for fami-lies who just want the peace of mind so they can take their kids to the doctor? It is past time for folks in Congress, with taxpayer-funded healthcare, to do their jobs and extend CHIP. I don’t want more families to get a letter like this from their capital city, from the Department of Welfare or the Depart-ment of Job and Family Services, whatever it is in each community in each State. I don’t want any more par-ents to go to the mailbox, to open this letter, and to have that fear and anx-iety hit them in their gut, thinking: Oh, my God, my children’s health in-surance may be canceled. We can do better than that. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–69, concerning the Navy’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Govern-ment of Japan for defense articles and serv-ices estimated to cost $133.3 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, C
HARLES W. H OOPER , Lieutenant General, USA, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–69 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Japan. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $123.0 million. Other $10.3 million. Total $133.3 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Four (4) Standard Missile–3 (SM–3) Block IIA Missiles. Non-MDE: Also included are four (4) MK 29 missile canisters, U.S. Government and con-tractor representatives’ technical assistance, transportation, engineering and logistics support services, and other related elements of logistical and program support. (iv) Military Department: Navy (JA–P– ATB). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: January 9, 2018. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Japan—Standard Missile–3 (SM–3) Block IIA Missiles Government of Japan has requested a pos-sible sale of four (4) Standard Missile–3 (SM– 3) Block IIA missiles. Also included are four (4) MK 29 missile canisters, U.S. Government and contractor representatives’ technical as-sistance, transportation, engineering and lo-gistics support services, and other related elements of logistical and program support. The estimated total case value is $133.3 mil-lion. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States by improving the security of a major ally that has been, and continues to be, a force for political stability and eco-nomic progress in the Asia-Pacific region. The proposed sale will provide Japan with an increased ballistic missile defense capa-bility to assist in defending the Japanese homeland and U.S. personnel stationed there. Japan will have no difficulty absorb-ing these additional munitions and support into the Japan Maritime Self Defense Force (JMSDF). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09JA6.034 S09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES102 January 9, 2018 
The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The principal contractors will be Raytheon Missile Systems, Tucson, AZ (SM–3); and BAE Systems, Minneapolis, MN (MK 29). There are no known offset agreements pro-posed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will require annual trips to Japan involving U.S. Government and contractor representatives for technical reviews, support, and oversight for approximately five years. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–69 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1)of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The proposed sale will involve the re-lease of sensitive technology to the Govern-ment of Japan related to the Standard Mis-sile–3 (SM–3) Block IIA missile. The ship- or ground-launched SM–3 Block IIA is the most recent iteration in the SM–3 family. It has two distinct new features: larger rocket mo-tors that will allow it to defend broader areas from ballistic missile threats; and a larger kinetic warhead. The kinetic warhead has been enhanced, improving the search, discrimination, acquisition and tracking functions, to address emerging threats. Once enclosed in the canister, the SM–3 Block IIA missile is classified CONFIDENTIAL. The optics hardware and signal processor are classified SECRET. 2. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of specific hard-ware, the information could be used to de-velop countermeasures which might reduce weapons system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capabilities. 3. A determination has been made that Japan can provide substantially the same de-gree of protection for sensitive technology being released as the U.S. Government. This proposed sustainment program is necessary to the furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives outlined in the policy justification. 4. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Government of Japan. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–50, concerning the Air Force’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Gov-ernment of Oman for defense articles and services estimated to cost $62 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, C
HARLES W. H OOPER , Lieutenant General, USA, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–50 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1)of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Oman. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $0 million. Other $62 million. Total $62 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: The Government of Oman has requested a possible sale of items and services to support an incremental Oper-ational Flight Profile (OFP) software up-grade for F–16 subsystems, as well as Identi-fication Friend or Foe (1FF) and secure com-munications equipment for Mode 5 oper-ations, on twenty-three (23) F–16 aircraft. Major Defense Equipment (MDE): None. Non-MDE includes: Non-MDE items and services consist of twenty-nine (29) KIV–78 cryptographic/timing modules (twenty-three (23) installed and six (6) spares); twenty-nine (29) KY–100M cryptographic radio encryptors (twenty-three (23) installed and six (6) spares); twenty-nine (29) AN/APX–126 Com-bined Interrogator Transponders (twenty- three (23) installed and six (6) spares); Classi-fied and Unclassified Computer Program Identification Numbers (CPINS) upgrades; OFP upgrades for IFF Mode 5 capable sys-tems; Joint Mission Planning (JMPS) up-grade; Sniper Advanced Targeting Pod soft-ware, service support, support equipment, spares, and training; systems support and test equipment; spare and repair parts; publi-cations and technical documentation; train-ing and training equipment; U.S. Govern-ment and contractor engineering; logistics and technical support services; and other re-lated elements of logistics and program sup-port. (iv) Military Department: Air Force (MU– D–QAR). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: January 5, 2018. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Oman—F–16 Operational Flight Profile and Identification Friend or Foe Mode 5 Upgrade The Government of Oman has requested a possible sale of items and services to support an incremental Operational Flight Profile (OFP) software upgrade for F–16 subsystems, as well as Identification Friend or Foe (IFF) and secure communications equipment for Mode 5 operations on twenty-three (23) F–16 aircraft. Non-MDE items and services consist of twenty-nine (29) KIV–78 cryptographic/ timing modules (twenty-three (23) installed and six (6) spares); twenty-nine (29) KY–100M cryptographic radio encryptors (twenty- three (23) installed and six (6) spares); twen-ty-nine (29) AN/APX–126 Combined Interro-gator Transponders (twenty-three (23) in-stalled and six (6) spares); Classified and Un-classified Computer Program Identification Numbers (CPINS) upgrades; OFP upgrades for IFF Mode 5 capable systems, Joint Mis-sion Planning (JMPS) upgrade; Sniper Ad-vanced Targeting Pod software, service sup-port, support equipment, spares, and train-ing; systems support and test equipment; spare and repair parts; publications and technical documentation; training and train-ing equipment; U.S. Government and con-tractor engineering; logistics and technical support services; and other related elements of logistics and program support. The esti-mated cost is $62 million. This proposed sale will support the foreign policy and national security objectives of the United States by helping to improve the security of a friendly country which has been, and continues to be, an important force for political stability and economic progress in the Middle East. The proposed sale allows the U.S. military to support the Royal Air Force of Oman, fur-ther strengthen the U.S.-Omani military-to- military relationship, and ensure continued interoperability of forces and opportunities for bilateral training and exercises with Oman’s military forces. This proposed sale of items and services will enable Oman’s twenty-three (23) F–16s currently using Mode 4 IFF to become inter-operable on Mode 4/5. Mode 5 IFF allows U.S. and partner airborne and surface armed forces to conduct complimentary air oper-ations. Incremental OFP software upgrades required to support Mode 5 will provide addi-tional incremental improvement for other associated F–16 subsystems. Oman will have no difficulty in absorbing these upgrades into its F–16 fleet. This proposed sale of equipment and sup-port will not alter the basic military balance in the region. The prime contractor will be Lockheed Martin of Fort Worth, Texas. There are no known offset agreements proposed in con-junction with this potential sale. The proposed sale will not require the long-term assignment of any additional U.S. Government or contractor representatives to Oman. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–50 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1)of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. This proposed sale of items and services to upgrade Oman’s F–16 aircraft will involve the release of sensitive technology related to the Identification Friend or Foe (IFF) and secure communications equipment. 2. The AN/APX–126 Combined Interrogator Transponder is an IFF dual Mode 4 and 5 ca-pable system. It is UNCLASSIFIED unless/ until Mode 4 and/or Mode 5 operational eval-uator parameters are loaded into the equip-ment, which are classified up to SECRET. Classified elements of the IFF system in-clude software object code, operating charac-teristics, parameters, and technical data. Mode 4 and Mode 5 anti-jam performance specifications/data, software source code, al-gorithms, and tempest plans or reports will not be offered, released, discussed, or dem-onstrated. 3. KIV–78 is a crypto applique´for Mode 5 IFF. The hardware is UNCLASSIFIED unless loaded with Mode 4 and/or Mode 5 classified elements, which are classified up to SE-CRET. 4. KY–100M is a cryptographic encryptor for voice radios to provide secure commu-nication capabilities. The hardware is UN-CLASSIFIED unless loaded with cryptograph keys, which are classified up to SECRET. 5. Joint Mission Planning System (JMPS) is a multi-platform, PC-based mission plan-ning system. JMPS hardware is UNCLASSI-FIED, but the software is classified up to SE-CRET. 6. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures that might reduce weapon system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capa-bilities. 7. A determination has been made that Oman can provide substantially the same de-gree of protection for the sensitive tech-nology being released as the U.S. Govern-ment. This sale is necessary in furtherance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA6.030 S09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S103 January 9, 2018 
of the U.S. foreign policy and national secu-rity objectives outlined in the policy jus-tification. 8. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Government of Oman. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–63, concerning the Navy’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Govern-ment of Mexico for defense articles and serv-ices estimated to cost $98.4 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, C
HARLES W. H OOPER , Lieutenant General, USA, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–63 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: The Government of Mexico. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $55.0 million. Other $43.4 million. Total $98.4 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Six (6) RGM–84L Harpoon Block II Surface Launched Missiles. Twenty-three (23) Block II Rolling Air-frame Missile (RAM) Tactical Missiles. Six (6) MK 54 Mod 0 Lightweight Tor-pedoes. Non-MDE includes: Also included are eight (8) MK 825 Mod 0 RAM Guided Missile Round Packs (GMRP) tri-pack shipping and storage containers; RAM Block 2 MK 44 Mod 4 Guid-ed Missile Round Pack (GMRP); two (2) MK 32 Surface Vessel Torpedo Tubes (SVTT) tri-ple tube launchers; two hundred and fifty (250) rounds of AA98 25 mm high explosive and semi-armor piercing ammunition; seven hundred and fifty (750) rounds A976 25mm target practice and tracer ammunition; four hundred and eighty (480) rounds of BA22 57mm high explosive programmable fuze am-munition; nine hundred and sixty (960) rounds of BA23 57mm practice ammunition; containers; spare and repair parts; support and test equipment; publications and tech-nical documentation; personnel training and training equipment; U.S. Government and contractor representatives’ technical assist-ance; engineering and logistics support serv-ices; installation services; associated elec-tronics and hardware to control the launch of torpedoes; and other related elements of logistics and program support. (iv) Military Department: Navy. (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid. Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: January 5, 2018. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Government of Mexico—Harpoon Block II Missiles, RAM Missiles, and MK 54 Torpedoes The Government of Mexico has requested to buy six (6) RGM–84L Harpoon Block II sur-face launched missiles, twenty-three (23) Block II Rolling Airframe Missile (RAM) tac-tical missiles and six (6) MK 54 Mod 0 light-weight torpedoes. Also included are eight (8) MK 825 Mod 0 RAM Guided Missile Round Packs (GMRP) tri-pack shipping and storage containers; RAM Block 2 MK 44 Mod 4 Guid-ed Missile Round Pack (GMRP); two (2) MK 32 Surface Vessel Torpedo Tubes (SVTT) tri-ple tube launchers; two hundred and fifty (250) rounds of AA98 25 mm high explosive and semi-armor piercing ammunition; seven hundred and fifty (750) rounds A976 25mm target practice and tracer ammunition; four hundred and eighty (480) rounds of BA22 57mm high explosive programmable fuze am-munition; nine hundred and sixty (960) rounds of BA23 57mm practice ammunition; containers; spare and repair parts; support and test equipment; publications and tech-nical documentation; personnel training and training equipment; U.S. Government and contractor representatives’ technical assist-ance; engineering and logistics support serv-ices; installation services; associated elec-tronics and hardware to control the launch of torpedoes; and other related elements of logistics and program support. The esti-mated cost is $98.4 million. This proposed sale will support the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the security of a strategic partner. Mexico has been a strong partner in combating organized crime and drug trafficking organizations. The sale of these ship-based systems to Mexico will sig-nificantly increase and strengthen its mari-time capabilities. Mexico intends to use these defense articles and services to mod-ernize its armed forces and expand its exist-ing naval and maritime support of national security requirements and in its efforts to combat criminal organizations. Mexico intends to use the weapon systems on its Mexican Navy Sigma 10514 Class ship. The systems will provide enhanced capabili-ties in effective defense of critical sea lanes. The proposed sale of these systems and sup-port will increase the Mexican Navy’s mari-time partnership potential and align its ca-pabilities with existing regional navies. Mex-ico has not purchased these systems pre-viously. Mexico will have no difficulty ab-sorbing this equipment into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment will not alter the basic military balance in the region. The equipment will be provided from U.S. stocks. There are no known offset agree-ments proposed in connection with this po-tential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will require annual trips to Mexico involving U.S. Government personnel and contractor rep-resentatives for technical reviews, support, and oversight for approximately two years. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–63 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The MK 32 SVTT system is UNCLASSI-FIED, but the system has one classified firmware card that controls launches. The system is currently in service in the U.S. Navy and in various other foreign nations that utilize shipboard launched torpedoes. The firmware card is essential to the ability of the system to successfully launch tor-pedoes when directed by the shipboard com-mand and control system. 2. The RGM–84L Harpoon Surface Launched Block II missile system, to include publications, documentation, operations, supply, maintenance, and training to be con-veyed with this proposed sale have the high-est classification level of CONFIDENTIAL. The Harpoon Block II missile is a non-nu-clear tactical weapon system currently in service in the U.S. Navy and in 29 other for-eign nations. It provides a day, night, and adverse weather, standoff surface-to-surface capability and is an effective Anti-Surface Warfare missile. The RGM–84L incorporates components, software, and technical design information that are considered SENSITIVE. 3. The following components being con-veyed by the proposed sale are considered sensitive and are classified CONFIDENTIAL: a. The Radar Seeker b. The GPS/INS System c. Operational Flight Program Software d. Missile operational characteristics and performance data These elements are essential for the Har-poon Block II missile to selectively engage hostile targets under a wide range of oper-ational, tactical and environmental condi-tions. The version being sold to Mexico is not the Coastal Target Suppression land at-tack missile version. 4. MK 54 All-Up-Round Lightweight (Warshot) torpedoes and associated support equipment, training, test equipment, and technical support; Recoverable Exercise Tor-pedoes (REXTORPs); and Exercise Torpedoes (EXTORPs) are associated with this sale. The MK 54 Lightweight Torpedo (LWT) can be launched from surface ships, helicopters, and fixed wing aircraft. The MK 54 LWT is an upgrade to the MK 46 Torpedo. The MK 54 LWT contains new sonar, guidance and con-trol systems with modern technology. The new guidance and control system uses a mix-ture of commercial-off-the-shelf and custom- built electronics. The warhead, fuel tank, and propulsion system from the MK 46 tor-pedo are re-used in the MK 54 configuration with minor modifications. The MK 54 is high-ly effective against modern diesel and nu-clear submarines. It has advanced logic that allows it to detect and prosecute threat sub-marines operating in challenging littoral en-vironments. It is also effective in the pres-ence of advanced countermeasures that may be deployed by threat submarines. The as-sembled MK 54 torpedo and several of its in-dividual components are classified CON-FIDENTIAL. The MK 54 operational software is classified as SECRET as is any hardware upon which the software has been installed. Mexico has not requested nor will it be pro-vided the source code for the MK 54 oper-ational software. The MK 54 has a feature re-ferred to as ‘‘Memory Scuttle’’ that erases the operational software at the conclusion of any exercise firing so that the software will not be compromised if the torpedo is not re-covered after the exercise firing. Possession of MK 54 Torpedoes and associated equip-ment should not lead to any vulnerability disclosures. 5. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures or equivalent systems which might reduce weapon system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capabilities. 6. A determination has been made that the Government of Mexico can provide substan-tially the same degree of protection for the sensitive technology being released as the U.S. Government. This proposed sale is nec-essary to the furtherance of the U.S. foreign 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA6.031 S09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES104 January 9, 2018 
policy and national security objectives out-lined in the Policy Justification. 7. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Government of Mexico. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO SANDRA BOARDMAN ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Sandra Boardman of Chinook, MT. Originally from Chinook, Sandi has served as the Blaine County clerk and recorder for 44 years. As she steps into retirement, she will be re-membered for her many years of serv-ice. Thank you, Sandi, for your commit-ment to Blaine County and Montana. Your years of dedication and service show the true meaning of being a Mon-tanan, and, for that, I am very grate-ful. You are an inspiration to us all. Congratulations on your well-deserved retirement, and I wish you all the best in the days ahead.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 10:04 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has agreed to H. Res. 678, resolving that the Clerk of the House inform the Senate that a quorum of the House is present and that the House is ready to proceed with business. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 4:09 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 3759. An act to provide for the estab-lishment and maintenance of a Family Caregiving Strategy, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–3918. A communication from the Sec-retary of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Activities, Progress and Plans: Sep-tember 2013 to August 2016’’ ; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–3919. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conserva-tion Program: Energy Conservation Stand-ards for Rough Service Lamps and Vibration Service Lamps’’ (Docket No. EERE–2017–BT– STD–0057) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of Senate on January 2, 2018; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–3920. A communication from the Divi-sion Chief of Regulatory Affairs, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Effectuating Con-gressional Nullification of the Resource Management Planning Rule Under the Con-gressional Review Act’’ (RIN1004–AE39) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. EC–3921. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Hazardous Waste Management Sys-tem; User Fees for the Electronic Hazardous Waste Manifest System and Amendments to Manifest Regulations’’ ((RIN2050–AG80) (FRL No. 9965–27–OLEM)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3922. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Louisiana’s Request to Relax the Federal Reid Vapor Pressure (RVP) Gasoline Volatility Standard for Sev-eral Parishes’’ ((RIN2060–AT61) (FRL No. 9971–92–OAR)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3923. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Public Notification Requirements for Combined Sewer Overflows to the Great Lakes Basin’’ ((RIN2040–AF67) (FRL No. 9972– 51–OW)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28 , 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3924. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Protection of Stratospheric Ozone: Refrigerant Management Regulations for Small Cans of Motor Vehicle Refrigerant’’ ((RIN2060–AT43) (FRL No. 9972–48–OAR)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–3925. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Protection of Stratospheric Ozone: Refrigerant Management Regulations for Small Cans of Motor Vehicle Refrigerant’’ ((RIN2060–AT43) (FRL No. 9972–48–OAR)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–3926. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Emission Standards for Haz-ardous Air Pollutants for Wool Fiberglass Manufacturing; Rotary Spin Lines Tech-nology Review and Revision of Flame At-tenuation Lines Standards’’ ((RIN2060–AT13) (FRL No. 9972–44–OAR)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–3927. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Full Withdrawal of Approval and Pro-mulgation of State Air Quality Plans for Designated Facilities and Pollutants; City of Philadelphia; Control of Emissions from Ex-isting Sewage Sludge Incineration Units’’ (FRL No. 9972–52–Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3928. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Community Right-to-Know; Adopting 2017 North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Codes for Toxics Release In-ventory (TRI) Reporting; Final Rule’’ ((RIN2070–AK32) (FRL No. 9970–02)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 28, 2017; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–3929. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Tennessee’s Request to Relax the Federal Reid Vapor Pressure (RVP) Gasoline Volatility Standard for Shelby County (Memphis)’’ ((RIN2060–AT69) (FRL No. 9972–06–OAR)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–3930. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; Continuous Opacity Monitoring Require-ments for Municipal Waste Combustors; Withdrawal of Direct Final Rule’’ (FRL No. 9972–55–Region 3) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3931. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Oklahoma: Final Approval of State Underground Storage Tank Program Revi-sions and Incorporation by Reference’’ (FRL No. 9972–29–Region 6) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 2, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–3932. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Determination to Defer Sanctions; Arizona Department of Environmental Qual-ity; PM2.5’’ (FRL No. 9972–78–Region 9) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 2, 2018; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–3933. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Nevada Air Plan Revi-sions, Washoe Oxygenated Fuels Program’’ (FRL No. 9972–82–Region 9) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 2, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3934. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Quality Designation for the 2010 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 May 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JANUARY\S09JA8.REC S09JA8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S105 January 9, 2018 
Sulfur Dioxide (SO2) Primary National Am-bient Air Quality Standards - Round 3’’ (FRL No. 9972–73–OAR) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 2, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3935. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; NC; Open Burning and Miscellaneous Revisions’’ (FRL No. 9972– 85–Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 2, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3936. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Administrator, Fed-eral Highway Administration, Department of Transportation, received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 2, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3937. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; Medicare Shared Sav-ings Program: Extreme and Uncontrollable Circumstances Policies for Performance Year 2017’’ ((RIN0938–AT51) (CMS–1702–IFC)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–3938. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the designation of a group as a Foreign Terrorist Organization by the Sec-retary of State (OSS–2017–1316); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations . EC–3939. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the designation of a group as a Foreign Terrorist Organization by the Sec-retary of State (OSS–2018–0009); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations . EC–3940. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2017–0214 - 2017–0219); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–3941. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2018–0001 - 2018–0006); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–3942. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of Inertial Measurement Units to the Republic of Korea for integration into 2.75 inch guided rockets by the United Arab Emirates Armed Forces in the amount of $50,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 16–088); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–3943. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of Intelligence and Surveillance Air-craft and associated Ground Stations to the Republic of Algeria in the amount of $50,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 16–140); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–3944. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of Model 249 5.56 caliber machine guns, Model M2 HB QCB, .50 caliber machine guns, and accessories to the United Arab Emirates in the amount of $1,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 16–012); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–3945. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of automatic carbines, M16A1 rifles, grenade launchers, sound and flash suppres-sors, scopes, maintenance training, and parts and accessories for Bahrain in the amount of $1,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17– 043); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–3946. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of Machine Gun Reflex Sights to Jor-dan in the amount of $1,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–046); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–3947. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Workers’ Compensation Programs, Department of Labor, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, Secretary of Labor’s response to the Office of the Ombudsman’s 2015 Annual Report; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–3948. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, National Endowment for the Humanities, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Chairperson, National Endowment for Hu-manities, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 2, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–3949. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Confidentiality of Substance Use Disorder Patient Records’’ (RIN0930– ZA07) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 4, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–3950. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety and Effectiveness of Health Care Antiseptics; Topical Anti-microbial Drug Products for Over-the- Counter Human Use’’ ((RIN0910–AH40) (Dock-et No. FDA–2015–N–0101)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 2, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–3951. A communication from the White House Liaison, Department of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report relative to a vacancy in the position of As-sistant Secretary, Office of Elementary and Secondary Education, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 2, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–3952. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant General Counsel for Regu-latory Affairs, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Missing Par-ticipants’’ (RIN1212–AB13) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 2, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–3953. A communication from the Acting Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corpora-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Allocation of Assets in Single-Employer Plans; Valuation of Ben-efits and Assets; Expected Retirement Age’’ (29 CFR Part 4044) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 2, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–3954. A communication from the Acting Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corpora-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Allocation of Assets in Single-Employer Plans; Benefits Payable in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Inter-est Assumptions for Valuing and Paying Benefits’’ (29 CFR Parts 4022 and 4044) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–3955. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–214, ‘‘Closing of a Public Alley in Square 772, S.O. 16–25615, Act of 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–3956. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–215, ‘‘Closing of a Public Alley in Square 3594, S.O. 16–25309, Act of 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–3957. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–216, ‘‘Ward 4 Full-Service Gro-cery Store Amendment Act of 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–3958. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–217, ‘‘Lincoln Court Designa-tion Act of 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–3959. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–218, ‘‘Union Market Tax Incre-ment Financing Act of 2017’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–3960. A communication from the Ad-ministrator, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to mileage reimbursement rates for Federal employees who use privately owned vehicles while on official travel; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–3961. A communication from the Execu-tive Director, Council of the Inspectors Gen-eral on Integrity and Efficiency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Privacy Act Regulations’’ (RIN3219– AA00) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA6.007 S09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES106 January 9, 2018 
EC–3962. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Office of Financial Reporting and Internal Controls, Office of the Chief Finan-cial Officer and Assistant Secretary for Ad-ministration, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report enti-tled ‘‘FY 2017 Agency Financial Report’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–3963. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Congressional and Intergovernmental Relations, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Government Na-tional Mortgage Association (Ginnie Mae) management report for the fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–3964. A communication from the Direc-tor of Public Affairs, Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Service’s fiscal year 2017 annual report relative to the Notification and Fed-eral Employee Antidiscrimination and Re-taliation (No FEAR) Act of 2002; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–3965. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Resolution 22–299, ‘‘Transfer of Juris-diction of U.S. Reservation 724 (Lots 896 and 897 in Square 620) Emergency Approval Reso-lution of 2017’’; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–3966. A communication from the Chair-man, National Mediation Board, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Board’s Annual Performance and Accountability Report for fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–3967. A communication from the Chair-man of the Securities and Exchange Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s fiscal year 2016 FAIR Act Com-mercial and Inherently Governmental Ac-tivities Inventory; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–3968. A communication from the Acting Director, Court Services and Offender Super-vision Agency for the District of Columbia, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Agency’s fiscal year 2017 Agency Financial Report; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–3969. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Federal Retirement Thrift In-vestment Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Blended Retirement System’’ (5 CFR Parts 1600, 1601, 1603, 1605, 1650, 1651, and 1690) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–3970. A communication from the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2017 through Sep-tember 30, 2017; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–3971. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the annual report from the Attorney General to Congress relative to the Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absen-tee Voting Act; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. EC–3972. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the annual report from the Attorney General to Congress relative to the Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absen-tee Voting Act; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. EC–3973. A communication from the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs, transmitting pro-posed legislation; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. EC–3974. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Yellowfin Sole for Vessels Participating in the BSAI Trawl Limited Ac-cess Fishery in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XF468) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3975. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Sea Scallop Fishery; Clo-sure of the Elephant Trunk Flex Access Area to General Category Individual Fishing Quota Scallop Vessels’’ (RIN0648–XF409) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3976. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2017 Commer-cial Accountability Measure and Closure for Gulf of Mexico Greater Amberjack’’ (RIN0648–XF493) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3977. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Snapper Grouper Fishery of the South Atlantic; 2017 Commercial Account-ability Measure and Closure for South Atlan-tic Yellowtail Snapper’’ (RIN0648–XF465) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3978. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fishery; American Plaice Trimester Total Allowable Catch Area Closure for the Common Pool Fishery’’ (RIN0648–XF467) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3979. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Ocean Perch in the Ber-ing Sea Subarea of the Bering Sea and Aleu-tian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648– XF714) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–3980. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Mackerel, Squid, and Butterfish Fishery; 2017 Illex Squid Quota Harvested’’ (RIN0648–XF672) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3981. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Scup Fishery; Adjustments to the 2017 Winter II Quota’’ (RIN0648–XF651) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3982. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; ‘Other Flatfish’ in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XF580) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3983. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Alaska Plaice in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XF579) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3984. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Sculpins in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XF731) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3985. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pollock in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands’’ (RIN0648– XF509) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–3986. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries Off West Coast States; Modifica-tions of the West Coast Commercial and Rec-reational Salmon Fisheries; Inseason Ac-tions #12 Through #18’’ (RIN0648–XF715) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3987. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘At-lantic Highly Migratory species; Commercial Aggregated Large Coastal Shark and Ham-merhead Shark Management Group Reten-tion Limit Adjustment’’ (RIN0648–XF501) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA6.009 S09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S107 January 9, 2018 
December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3988. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Coastal Migratory Pelagic Resources of the Gulf of Mexico and Atlantic Region; 2017–2018 Commercial Accountability Measure and Closure for King Mackerel in the Gulf of Mexico Western Zone’’ (RIN0648–XF735) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3989. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2017 Commercial Ac-countability Measure and Closure for South Atlantic Snowy Grouper’’ (RIN0648–XF492) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3990. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2017 Accountability Measure-Based Closures for Commercial and Recreational Species in the U.S. Caribbean Off Puerto Rico’’ (RIN0648–XF488) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 28, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3991. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone off Alaska; Shortraker Rockfish in the West-ern Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF761) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3992. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pollock in the Bering Sea Subarea’’ (RIN0648–XF614) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3993. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Sablefish in the Central Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF756) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3994. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pacific Cod in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area’’ (RIN0648–XF654) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3995. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fishery; Georges Bank Cod Possession and Trip Limit Adjust-ment for the Common Pool Fishery’’ (RIN0648–XF713) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3996. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fishery; Georges Bank Cod Trimester Total Allowable Catch Area Closure for the Common Pool Fishery’’ (RIN0648–XF586) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3997. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Atlan-tic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries’’ (RIN0648–XF634) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3998. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnu-son-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Man-agement Act Provisions; Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Groundfish Fishery; Fishing Year 2017; Emergency Removal of Southern Window-pane Accountability Measures’’ (RIN0648– BH11) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–3999. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Snapper-Grouper Fishery of the South Atlantic; Re-Opening of the Com-mercial Sector for Blueline Tilefish’’ (RIN0648–XF758) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4000. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0476)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 29, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4001. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0709)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 29, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4002. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0708)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 29, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4003. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0556)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 29, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4004. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0622)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 29, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4005. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1104)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 29, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4006. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0714)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 29, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4007. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0340)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 29, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4008. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0473)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 29, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4009. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Fokker Services B.V. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–1097)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 29, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4010. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA6.011 S09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES108 January 9, 2018 
Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Fokker Services B.V. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–1098)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 29, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4011. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Fokker Services B.V. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–1103)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 29, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4012. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; CFM International S.A. Tur-bofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1044)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 29, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4013. A communication from the Para-legal Specialist, Federal Aviation Adminis-tration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Directives; Rolls-Royce plc Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1117)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4014. A communication from the Para-legal Specialist, Federal Aviation Adminis-tration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Directives; ATR–GIE Avions de Transport Regional Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–1101)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 29, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4015. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Alexander Schleicher GmbH and Co. Segelflugzeugbau Gliders’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0911)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 29, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4016. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of the Prohibition Against Certain Flights in Specified Areas of the Sanaa (OYSC) Flight Information Region’’ ((RIN2120–AL27) (Docket No. FAA–2015–8672)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 29, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4017. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Extension of the Prohibition Against Certain Flights in the Territory and Airspace of Somalia’’ ((RIN2120–AL28) (Docket No. FAA–2007– 27602)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 29, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4018. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Stevens Point, WI’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017– 0143)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 29, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4019. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Twin Bridges, MT’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0737)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 29, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4020. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Kaunakakai, HI’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0295)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 29, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4021. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (137); Amdt. No. 3775’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 29, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4022. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (15); Amdt. No. 3776’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 29, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4023. A communication from the Asso-ciate Chief, Wireless Telecommunications Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Mobility Fund Phase II Challenge Process Handsets and Access Procedures for the Challenge Process Por-tal’’ ((WC Docket No. 10–90 and WT Docket No. 10–208) (DA 17–1218)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4024. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Chief Financial Of-ficer, Department of Transportation, re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 2, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4025. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Administrator, Na-tional Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion, Department of Transportation, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Janu-ary 2, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4026. A communication from the Chair-man, National Transportation Safety Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the Board’s competitive sourcing ef-forts for fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–151. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Texas urg-ing the United States Congress to encourage the United States Department of Agriculture to revise existing policies that promote the waste of water after an irrigated crop has been declared a failure; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 31 Whereas, among the most urgent and cost-ly issues facing Texas is drought, which re-cently has caused a number of crop failures on irrigated land; those occurrences have highlighted the necessity for policies that promote responsible water usage and water conservation; and Whereas, the Federal Crop Insurance Cor-poration, managed by the Risk Management Agency of the United States Department of Agriculture, supports the economic stability of agriculture through its crop insurance program, which assists American farmers and agricultural entities in managing risk and the threat of natural disasters; in the event of a crop failure, however, current FCIC policy requires farmers to demonstrate good faith practices, which include watering the failed crop, in order to qualify for insur-ance benefits; and Whereas, the USDA could further help sus-tain the agricultural industry and our pre-cious water resources by developing provi-sions that encourage water conservation when crop failures occur; now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the 85th Legislature of the State of Texas hereby respectfully urge the United States Congress to encourage the U.S. Department of Agriculture to revise ex-isting policies that promote the waste of water after an irrigated crop has been de-clared a failure; and be it further Resolved, That the Texas secretary of state forward official copies of this resolution to the president of the United States, to the secretary of agriculture, to the president of the Senate and the speaker of the House of Representatives of the Congress of the United States, to the chair of the House Committee on Agriculture and the chair of the Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry, and to all members of the Texas delegation to Congress with the re-quest that this resolution be officially en-tered in the Congressional Record as a me-morial to the Congress of the United States of America. 
POM–152. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Texas urg-ing the United States Congress to bestow on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA6.013 S09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S109 January 9, 2018 
Doris ‘‘Dorie’’ Miller the Congressional Medal of Honor; to the Committee on Armed Services. H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 45 Whereas, During the attack on Pearl Har-bor on December 7, 1941, Petty Officer Doris Miller of the U.S. Navy demonstrated valor above and beyond the call of duty, and he is long past due for full recognition of his ex-traordinary courage and initiative on that day; and Whereas, A native of Texas, Doris ‘‘Dorie’’ Miller was born in Waco on October 12, 1919, to Henrietta and Conery Miller; he was a fullback on the football team at Moore High School in Waco, and he went on to work on his father’s farm; and Whereas, In September 1939, Mr. Miller en-listed in the U.S. Navy as a way to see the world and earn money for his family; at that time, African Americans were only per-mitted to perform menial tasks in the Navy, so Mr. Miller was trained as a mess attend-ant at the Naval Training Station in Nor-folk, Virginia; after a brief assignment on the ammunition ship USS Pyro, he was transferred in January 1940 to the battleship USS West Virginia, where he won distinction among the crew as the ship’s heavyweight boxing champion; his rank at the time was mess attendant, second class; and Whereas, Mr. Miller rose at 6 a.m. on the morning of December 7, 1941, and he was col-lecting laundry when the Japanese attack began and the alarm for general quarters was sounded; even mess attendants had a battle station, but Mr. Miller’s, an antiaircraft bat-tery magazine, had already been destroyed by a torpedo, so he went up on deck where, as the ship began to sink, he hauled wounded shipmates through oil and water to safety on the quarterdeck; he was then ordered to the bridge, where he picked up the ship’s mor-tally wounded captain and carried him to an aid station; and Whereas, Mr. Miller then returned to the bridge, and on his own initiative, he began firing a .50-caliber Browning antiaircraft ma-chine gun at the attacking Japanese planes; he had never trained on the weapon, but, as he reported later, ‘‘It wasn’t hard, I just pulled the trigger and she worked fine’’; with no concern for his own safety, he continued firing until the gun’s ammunition ran out, possibly bringing down one of the enemy air-craft; in the meantime, the West Virginia had been hit by five enemy torpedoes, and Mr. Miller was finally forced to abandon ship with his surviving crewmates; and Whereas, In the aftermath of the attack, Mr. Miller was commended by Secretary of the Navy Frank Knox, and on May 27, 1942, he became the first African American to re-ceive the Navy Cross, the service’s second- highest honor, which was personally pre-sented to him by Admiral Chester W. Nimitz, the commander of the Pacific Fleet; he went on to serve on the USS Indianapolis and then the USS Liscome Bay; that ship was sunk by a Japanese submarine on November 24, 1943, and though his body was never recovered, Mr. Miller was eventually listed among the 646 sailors who died that day; at the time of his death, his rank was cook, third class; and Whereas, In the years since, Mr. Miller’s actions have become an important part of the legacy of Pearl Harbor; during the war, a poster from the U.S. Office of War Informa-tion featured his image and urged African Americans to join the war effort, and in 1973, a Knox-class frigate was christened the USS Miller in his honor; in 1991, Alpha Kappa Alpha sorority dedicated a bronze plaque to him at the U.S. Naval Base in Pearl Harbor, and in 2001, he was portrayed by the actor Cuba Gooding Jr. in the blockbuster film, Pearl Harbor; more recently, his story has been featured prominently in the National Museum of African American History and Culture in Washington, D.C.; in addition to the Navy Cross, he was also entitled to the Purple Heart, the American Defense Service Medal, Fleet Clasp, the Asiatic-Pacific Cam-paign Medal, and the World War II Victory Medal; and Whereas, In 1939, when the clouds of world war were gathering in Europe and Asia, Dorie Miller chose to enlist in a Navy that did not trust black men to serve in combat, and at a moment of direst need, he picked up a weapon he had never used before and fought back against a savage enemy, per-forming brilliantly and courageously under fire in defense of his ship, his crewmates, and his nation; his valiant service on that day, and afterwards, warrants the highest honor that can be bestowed upon a member of the armed forces of the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the 85th Legislature of the State of Texas hereby urge the United States Congress to bestow on Doris ‘‘Dorie’’ Miller the Congressional Medal of Honor; and be it further Resolved, That the secretary of state for-ward official copies of this resolution to the president of the United States, to the sec-retary of the Navy, to the speaker of the House of Representatives and the president of the Senate of the United States Congress, and to all the members of the Texas delega-tion to Congress with the request that this resolution be officially entered in the Con-gressional Record as a memorial to the Con-gress of the United States of America. 
POM–153. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Texas ex-pressing support for the development and construction of a coastal barrier to protect the Gulf Coast region of Texas from storm surges, to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 106 Whereas, Texas has been the nation’s top exporting state for the last 14 consecutive years, with an estimated $650 billion in trade in 2015 alone; exports support some 1.6 mil-lion jobs and contribute over $200 billion to the gross state product; and Whereas, the Gulf Coast region of Texas plays a crucial role in the prosperity of the state, as it is home not only to the largest concentration of petrochemical manufac-turing and refining facilities in the United States but also to the federal Strategic Pe-troleum Reserve and a vital supply of avia-tion jet fuel for military and commercial use; in addition, Texas ports along the Gulf Coast are integral to the chemical manufac-turing industry and to both the state and na-tional economies; and Whereas, this Gulf Coast region, however, is vulnerable to major weather events, in-cluding intense hurricanes, which in the re-cent past have devastated area cities by causing significant loss of life, destroying residential and commercial property, dam-aging sensitive ecosystems, and weakening local economies; and Whereas, in response to the havoc wreaked by Hurricanes Ike and Rita, researchers at the Center for Texas Beaches and Shores at Texas A&M University at Galveston designed the Coastal Spine; plans for implementing the structure have included consideration of scientific research, historical storm data, and existing systems; moreover, the environ-mental impact such an apparatus would have on the surrounding area and waterway is being vigorously evaluated, and the study is expected to be completed in the summer of 2017; and Whereas, the Gulf Coast Community Pro-tection and Recovery District, composed of Orange, Jefferson, Chambers, Harris, Gal-veston, and Brazoria Counties, was created by Governor Rick Perry in the aftermath of Hurricane Ike; its board, which represents more than 6.5 million residents who live in the upper Gulf Coast area, has determined that the Coastal Spine is the best method for protecting against storm surges along the Texas coast; the concept has also gained widespread support from residents, busi-nesses, and elected officials throughout the coastal region; and Whereas, the General Land Office of the State of Texas is committed to partnering with the United States Army Corps of Engi-neers to implement the construction of the Coastal Spine; and Whereas, the Texas Legislature is com-mitted to the creation of a special purpose district within the Gulf Coast Region in order to fund the ongoing operations and maintenance of any structures and facilities related to the Coastal Spine; and Whereas, the potential benefits of the Coastal Spine are manifold, ranging from preserving life and property to spurring eco-nomic growth and cutting state expenses for disaster assistance, and it is necessary for the U.S. government to provide aid and sup-port for further research, design, and con-struction of the coastal barrier; now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the 85th Legislature of the State of Texas hereby express its support for the development and construction of a coast-al barrier to protect the Gulf Coast region of Texas from storm surges; and be it further Resolved, That the Texas Legislature here-by urge the United States Congress to pro-vide sufficient federal funding for the con-struction of the project; and be it further Resolved, That the Texas Legislature here-by urge the U.S. Congress to expedite the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers design and construction process; and be it further Resolved, That the Texas secretary of state forward official copies of this resolution to the president of the United States, to the president of the Senate and the speaker of the House of Representatives of the United States Congress, and to all the members of the Texas delegation to Congress with the request that this resolution be entered in the Congressional Record as a memorial to the Congress of the United States of America. 
POM–154. A joint resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Wisconsin apply-ing to the United States Congress, under the provisions of Article V of the United States Constitution, for the calling of a convention for proposing amendments, for the limited purpose of requiring the federal government to operate under a balanced budget, to the Committee on the Judiciary. A
SSEMBLY JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 21 Whereas, previous presidential administra-tions and Congress have allowed an unprece-dented amount of federal debt to accumu-late, which currently exceeds $20 trillion; and Whereas, a report by President Obama’s National Commission on Fiscal Responsi-bility and Reform issued a warning on the debt levels, stating: ‘‘If the U.S. does not put its house in order, the reckoning will be sure and the devastation severe’’; and Whereas, the Constitution of the United States does not currently require the federal government to operate under a balanced budget; and Whereas, members of both political parties and both houses of Congress have called for a balanced budget amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States to no avail; and Whereas, Article V of the Constitution of the United States authorizes the legislatures 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA6.017 S09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES110 January 9, 2018 
of the states to convene a convention for proposing amendments upon the passage of 34 state resolutions; and Whereas, 49 states, by constitution or stat-ute, require a balanced budget; and Whereas, the legislature of the State of Wisconsin supports the federal government operating under a balanced budget; Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the assembly, the senate concur-ring, That the legislature of the State of Wis-consin herewith respectfully applies to Con-gress, under the provisions of Article V of the Constitution of the United States, for the calling of a convention for proposing amendments, for the limited purpose of re-quiring the federal government to operate under a balanced budget; and, be it further Resolved, That the senate chief clerk and the assembly chief clerk, jointly, are hereby directed to forward a proper authenticated copy of this resolution to the President of the Senate of the United States, and to the Speaker of the House of Representatives of the United States; and, be it further Resolved, That this resolution constitutes a continuing application for a convention for proposing amendments in accordance with Article V of the Constitution of the United States until such a convention is convened on the same subject or until the legislature of the State of Wisconsin rescinds this reso-lution. 
POM–155. A petition from a citizen of the State of Texas relative to immigration; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. RISCH (for himself and Mrs. S
HAHEEN ): S. 2283. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management within the Small Business Ad-ministration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepre-neurship. By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Mr. M
URPHY , Mr. G RAHAM , and Mr. B
ROWN ): S. 2284. A bill to strengthen Buy American requirements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. M CCONNELL: S. Res. 369. A resolution to constitute the majority party’s membership on certain committees for the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress, or until their successors are cho-sen; considered and agreed to. By Mr. SCHUMER: S. Res. 370. A resolution to constitute the minority party’s membership on certain committees for the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress, or until their successors are cho-sen; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 108 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. ALEXANDER ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 108, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices. 
S. 266 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 266, a bill to award the Congressional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recogni-tion of his heroic achievements and courageous contributions to peace in the Middle East. 
S. 521 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 521, a bill to make the National Parks and Federal Recreational Lands Pass available at a discount to vet-erans. 
S. 528 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 528, a bill to amend the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 to provide leave because of the death of a son or daughter. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the benefits and services provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs to women veterans, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 783 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 783, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to distribute maternity care health professionals to health professional shortage areas identified as in need of maternity care health services. 
S. 999 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 999, a bill to amend the Outer Conti-nental Shelf Lands Act to permanently prohibit the conduct of offshore drill-ing on the outer Continental Shelf in the Mid-Atlantic, South Atlantic, North Atlantic, and Straits of Florida planning areas. 
S. 1419 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1419, a bill to amend the Voting Rights Act of 1965 to revise the criteria for determining which States and polit-ical subdivisions are subject to section 4 of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1870 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1870, a bill to amend the Vic-tims of Crime Act of 1984 to secure ur-gent resources vital to Indian victims of crime, and for other purposes. S. 2174 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2174, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to conduct a study on the Veterans Crisis Line. 
S. 2203 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2203, a bill to amend title 9 of the United States Code with respect to arbitration. 
S. 2255 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) and the Senator from Indi-ana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2255, a bill to reauthorize title VI of the Higher Education Act of 1965 in order to improve and encourage innovation in international education, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 368 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the names of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Sen-ator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ), the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ), the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ), the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ), the Sen-ator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITE-
HOUSE ), the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 368, a resolu-tion supporting the right of all Iranian citizens to have their voices heard. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 369—TO CON-STITUTE THE MAJORITY PAR-TY’S MEMBERSHIP ON CERTAIN COMMITTEES FOR THE ONE HUN-DRED FIFTEENTH CONGRESS, OR UNTIL THEIR SUCCESSORS ARE CHOSEN Mr. M
CCONNELL submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES369 Resolved, That the following shall con-stitute the majority party’s membership on the following committees for the One Hun-dred Fifteenth Congress, or until their suc-cessors are chosen: C
OMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , N UTRITION , 
AND FORESTRY : Mr. Roberts, Mr. Cochran, Mr. McConnell, Mr. Boozman, Mr. Hoeven, Mrs. Ernst, Mr. Grassley, Mr. Thune, Mr. Daines, Mr. Perdue, Mrs. Fischer. C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES : Mr. McCain, Mr. Inhofe, Mr. Wicker, Mrs. Fisch-er, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Rounds, Mrs. Ernst, Mr. Tillis, Mr. Sullivan, Mr. Perdue, Mr. Cruz, Mr. Graham, Mr. Sasse, Mr. Scott. C
OMMITTEE ON BANKING , H OUSING , AND U
RBAN AFFAIRS : Mr. Crapo, Mr. Shelby, Mr. Corker, Mr. Toomey, Mr. Heller, Mr. Scott, Mr. Sasse, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Rounds, Mr. Perdue, Mr. Tillis, Mr. Kennedy, Mr. Moran. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA6.019 S09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S111 January 9, 2018 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL RE-
SOURCES : Ms. Murkowski, Mr. Barrasso, Mr. Risch, Mr. Lee, Mr. Flake, Mr. Daines, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Hoeven, Mr. Cassidy, Mr. Portman, Mrs. Capito. C
OMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET : Mr. Enzi, Mr. Grassley, Mr. Crapo, Mr. Graham, Mr. Toomey, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Corker, Mr. Perdue, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Kennedy, Mr. Booz-man, Mr. Cotton. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 370—TO CON-STITUTE THE MINORITY PAR-TY’S MEMBERSHIP ON CERTAIN COMMITTEES FOR THE ONE HUN-DRED FIFTEENTH CONGRESS, OR UNTIL THEIR SUCCESSORS ARE CHOSEN Mr. SCHUMER submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 370 Resolved, That the following shall con-stitute the minority party’s membership on the following committees for the One Hun-dred Fifteenth Congress, or until their suc-cessors are chosen: C
OMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , N UTRITION , 
AND FORESTRY : Ms. Stabenow, Mr. Leahy, Mr. Brown, Ms. Klobuchar, Mr. Bennet, Mrs. Gillibrand, Mr. Donnelly, Ms. Heitkamp, Mr. Casey, Ms. Smith. C
OMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS : Mr. Leahy, Mrs. Murray, Mrs. Feinstein, Mr. Durbin, Mr. Reed, Mr. Tester, Mr. Udall, Mrs. Sha-heen, Mr. Merkley, Mr. Coons, Mr. Schatz, Ms. Baldwin, Mr. Murphy, Mr. Manchin, Mr. Van Hollen. C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES : Mr. Reed, Mr. Nelson, Mrs. McCaskill, Mrs. Shaheen, Mrs. Gillibrand, Mr. Blumenthal, Mr. Don-nelly, Ms. Hirono, Mr. Kaine, Mr. King, Mr. Heinrich, Ms. Warren, Mr. Peters. C
OMMITTEE ON BANKING , H OUSING , AND U
RBAN AFFAIRS : Mr. Brown, Mr. Reed, Mr. Menendez, Mr. Tester, Mr. Warner, Ms. War-ren, Ms. Heitkamp, Mr. Donnelly, Mr. Schatz, Mr. Van Hollen, Ms. Cortez Masto, Mr. Jones. C
OMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND T
RANSPORTATION : Mr. Nelson, Ms. Cantwell, Ms. Klobuchar, Mr. Blumenthal, Mr. Schatz, Mr. Markey, Mr. Udall, Mr. Peters, Ms. Bald-win, Ms. Duckworth, Ms. Hassan, Ms. Cortez Masto, Mr. Tester. C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL RE-
SOURCES : Ms. Cantwell, Mr. Wyden, Mr. Sanders, Ms. Stabenow, Mr. Manchin, Mr. Heinrich, Ms. Hirono, Mr. King, Ms. Duckworth, Ms. Cortez Masto, Ms. Smith. C
OMMITTEE ON THE ENVIRONMENT AND PUB-
LICWORKS : Mr. Carper, Mr. Cardin, Mr. Sanders, Mr. Whitehouse, Mr. Merkley, Mrs. Gillibrand, Mr. Booker, Mr. Markey, Ms. Duckworth, Mr. Van Hollen. C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCE : Mr. Wyden, Ms. Stabenow, Ms. Cantwell, Mr. Nelson, Mr. Menendez, Mr. Carper, Mr. Cardin, Mr. Brown, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Casey, Mr. Warner, Mrs. McCaskill, Mr. Whitehouse. C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS : Mr. Cardin, Mr. Menendez, Mrs. Shaheen, Mr. Coons, Mr. Udall, Mr. Murphy, Mr. Kaine, Mr. Markey, Mr. Merkley, Mr. Booker. C
OMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS : Mrs. Murray, Mr. Sanders, Mr. Casey, Mr. Bennet, Ms. Baldwin, Mr. Murphy, Ms. Warren, Mr. Kaine, Ms. Hassan, Ms. Smith, Mr. Jones. C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  G
OVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS : Mrs. McCaskill, Mr. Carper, Ms. Heitkamp, Mr. Peters, Ms. Has-san, Ms. Harris, Mr. Jones. S
ELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE : Mr. Warner (Vice Chairman), Mrs. Feinstein, Mr. Wyden, Mr. Heinrich, Mr. King, Mr. Manchin, Ms. Harris, Mr. Schumer (ex offi-cio), and Mr. Reed (ex officio). COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY : Mrs. Fein-stein, Mr. Leahy, Mr. Durbin, Mr. White-house, Ms. Klobuchar, Mr. Coons, Mr. Blumenthal, Ms. Hirono, Mr. Booker, Ms. Harris. C
OMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET : Mr. Sanders, Mrs. Murray, Mr. Wyden, Ms. Stabenow, Mr. Whitehouse, Mr. Warner, Mr. Merkley, Mr. Kaine, Mr. King, Mr. Van Hollen, Ms. Harris. C
OMMITTEE ON RULES AND ADMINISTRATION : Ms. Klobuchar, Mrs. Feinstein, Mr. Schumer, Mr. Durbin, Mr. Udall, Mr. Warner, Mr. Leahy, Mr. King, Ms. Cortez Masto. C
OMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND ENTRE -
PRENEURSHIP : Mrs. Shaheen, Ms. Cantwell, Mr. Cardin, Ms. Heitkamp, Mr. Markey, Mr. Booker, Mr. Coons, Ms. Hirono, Ms. Duckworth. C
OMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ A FFAIRS : Mr. Tester, Mrs. Murray, Mr. Sanders, Mr. Brown, Mr. Blumenthal, Ms. Hirono, Mr. Manchin. S
PECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING: Mr. Casey, Mr. Nelson, Mrs. Gillibrand, Mr. Blumenthal, Mr. Donnelly, Ms. Warren, Ms. Cortez Masto, Mr. Jones. J
OINT ECONOMIC COMMITTEE : Mr. Heinrich, Ms. Klobuchar, Mr. Peters, Ms. Hassan. S
ELECT COMMITTEE ON ETHICS : Mr. Coons (Vice Chairman), Mr. Schatz, Mrs. Shaheen. C
OMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS : Mr. Udall (Vice Chairman), Ms. Cantwell, Mr. Tester, Mr. Schatz, Ms. Heitkamp, Ms. Cortez Masto, Ms. Smith. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I have 5 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, January 09, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Com-bating Money Laundering and other forms of illicit Finance: Opportunities to reform and strengthen BSA Enforce-ment.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, January 09, 2018, at 10 a.m. to consider the nomination of Alex Michael Azar II, of Indiana, to be Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, January 09, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Opioid Crisis: An Examination of How We Got Here and How We Move Forward.’’ 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, January 09, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to hold a closed briefing. SUBCOMMITTEE ON WESTERN HEMISPHERE , 
TRANSNATIONAL CRIME , CIVILIAN SECURITY , 
DEMOCRACY , HUMANS RIGHTS AND GLOBAL  
WOMEN ’S ISSUES  
The Subcommittee on Western Hemi-sphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Security, Democracy, Humans Rights and Global Women’s Issues of the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, January 09, 2018, at 10 a.m. to hold a hearing entitled ‘‘At-tacks on U.S. Diplomats in Cuba: Re-sponse and Oversight.’’ 
f 
TO CONSTITUTE THE MAJORITY PARTY’S MEMBERSHIP ON CER-TAIN COMMITTEES FOR THE ONE HUNDRED FIFTEENTH CONGRESS 
TO CONSTITUTE THE MINORITY PARTY’S MEMBERSHIP ON CER-TAIN COMMITTEES FOR THE ONE HUNDRED FIFTEENTH CONGRESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of the following resolutions en bloc: S. Res. 369 and S. Res. 370. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolutions by title en bloc. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 369) to constitute the majority party’s membership on certain committees for the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress, or until their successors are cho-sen. A resolution (S. Res. 370) to constitute the minority party’s membership on certain committees for the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress, or until their successors are cho-sen. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolutions be agreed to and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolutions (S. Res. 369 and S. Res. 370) were agreed to. (The resolutions are printed in to-day’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Reso-lutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 10, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, January 10; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that following 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA6.028 S09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES112 January 9, 2018 
leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Parker nomination; fur-ther, that all time during adjournment, recess, morning business, and leader re-marks count postcloture on the Parker nomination; further, that all postcloture time on the Parker nomi-nation be considered expired at 2:30 p.m. tomorrow and the Senate vote on confirmation of the Parker nomination with no intervening action or debate; finally, that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:27 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, January 10, 2018, at 9:30 a.m. f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate January 9, 2018: 
THE JUDICIARY  
WILLIAM L. CAMPBELL, JR., OF TENNESSEE, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE MIDDLE DIS-TRICT OF TENNESSEE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G09JA6.037 S09JAPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE13 January 9, 2018 
CONGRATULATING MS. MARIA DIAZ ON HER RETIREMENT 
HON. MARIO DIAZ-BALART 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Ms. Maria Diaz on her retire-ment. For over thirty-five years, Maria has supported my constituents with advice, infor-mation, and guidance on Social Security mat-ters. Maria began her extensive career in public service as a co-op student working at the So-cial Security Administration’s (SSA) Little Ha-vana Field Office in Florida. Through her dedi-cation and hard work, Maria was swiftly pro-moted to the position of Claims Service Rep-resentative in the Perrine Field Office. Her in-valuable contributions were recognized when, in 1990, she was promoted to Operations Su-pervisor in the Perrine Office, where she con-tinuously displayed a high level of attentive-ness and care. In September 2001, Ms. Diaz’s strengths were acknowledged when she was appointed Public Affairs Specialist of the South Florida Area and the Atlanta Region, a position she held until her retirement. In this capacity, she has represented the SSA with an outstanding degree of professionalism and has remained steadfast with the main goal of the Administra-tion, which is to serve the public. She continu-ously provided our community members with timely and relevant information and cultivated media and community contacts to ensure messages were delivered in a concise and positive manner. Throughout her impressive career, Maria demonstrated her commitment to public service and efficiently resolved our constituents’ Social Security issues. In recognition of her invaluable contributions to the SSA, Maria has received numerous awards, including multiple Commissioner Cita-tions, which is the highest honor conferred upon SSA employees. Maria’s support to my constituents over the years has been remark-able and her dedication to her job commend-able. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to pay tribute to Ms. Maria Diaz for her outstanding service to our community, and I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing this remarkable indi-vidual. 
f 
CELEBRATING MRS. BETTIE J. BROUSSARD CURTIS 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Mrs. Bettie J. Broussard Curtis, a distinguished educator and woman of pro-found spiritual convictions. Mrs. Curtis was born and raised in Orange, Texas to her par-ents Shelton and Ophelia Broussard. Coming from a family of thirteen, Mrs. Curtis learned a strong work ethic and faith in God from her parents which no doubt led to her success. Mrs. Curtis married her husband James Ilenton Curtis in 1963 and was married for 31 years before his demise. Mrs. Curtis received her Bachelor of Arts degree in Business Education from Wiley Col-lege and a Master of Education Degree in Business from Texas Southern University in Houston. While pursuing her advanced studies she taught at both Texas Southern and Lamar University. Mrs. Curtis is best known for her 56 years as a business education teacher for West Or-ange-Cove CISD where she inspired her stu-dents with her beautiful smile, gracious de-meanor, and the skills necessary for success in the global workplace. The school district honored her by naming the new elementary school library the Bettie J. Curtis Library. Mrs. Curtis has always shown a strong com-mitment to civic and political organizations throughout her community—she was named the first African American to serve as Presi-dent of District V Texas State Teachers Asso-ciation as well as involvement in National Edu-cation Association, Texas Business and Tech-nology Educators Association, National Busi-ness Education Association, NAACP, Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, and Top Ladies of Dis-tinction. Mrs. Curtis has also received count-less awards including Teacher of the Year, Outstanding Educator and Woman of the Year at Mount Olive Baptist Church just to name a few. On Saturday, January 13, 2018 Mrs. Curtis will be presented with the Blossoming Minds MLK Gala Legend Award, and for this I con-gratulate her. This award is a testament to her passionate service to others and unwavering commitment to her community and faith in God. It is my privilege to honor her for this special achievement and incredible career. f 
HIGH FIVE 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I sa-lute the Houston Fire Department and Hous-ton City Councilmember Brenda Stardig for their rescue efforts during Hurricane Harvey. In a move that can only be described as di-vine intervention, HFD’s new high water res-cue vehicle was delivered only a few days be-fore one of Texas’s most devastating storms rocked the state and dumped more than 50 inches of rain in the Houston area. When Councilmember Stardig used her district’s dis-cretionary funds to purchase the high water rescue vehicle for HFD she knew it was a much needed addition to the city’s rescue fleet; she just didn’t know how timely her pur-chase would be. Called the ‘‘High Five’’ because it is docked at HFD Station 5 in my congressional district, HFD’s high water rescue vehicle was the only high water rescue vehicle available exclusively to the city of Houston during the hurricane. The ‘‘High Five’’ is a heavy duty military vehi-cle that can carry 15 people and two opera-tors. Its electronics and fuel system are sealed, giving it the ability to transport in more than four feet of water. Other vehicles like city garbage trucks were used for rescues, but this vehicle is unique be-cause it is designed not only to go through high water but to also rescue people easily. For example, it has a lift on it to assist people in getting on board. Mr. Speaker, even my jeep with its lift kit is no match for what this vehicle can do. It was estimated that in one day, over 400 people were rescued with this truck and possibly 1,000 people total. Since the storm, HFD has received a surge of donations to continue to upgrade their res-cue fleet. Councilmember Stardig and the Firefighters Foundation of Houston recently raised more than $52,000—enough for two additional rescue boats. Since Harvey, private donors like HEB and Metro National have stepped up to help fund two additional high water rescue vehicles. Mr. Speaker, much of my district and the Houston area are still reeling from Harvey’s damage. Much work remains to be done. It is heroes like Assistant Chief Ruy Lozano who oversees the HFD rescue fleet, HFD Chief Sam Pen˜a, and Houston City Councilmember Brenda Stardig who rose up during his catas-trophe to save lives. Many of us will remember their contributions to our community during this crisis. We always say, when Houstonians see a need they step up. Sometimes it’s into a 10-foot high water rescue vehicle. And that’s just the way it is. f 
RECOGNIZING RICHARD LEE 
HON. BRADLEY SCOTT SCHNEIDER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and thank Mr. Richard Lee, a dedicated public servant and dear friend. Mr. Lee is retiring this January from his position as executive director of the Waukegan Public Li-brary after fifteen years of extraordinary serv-ice on behalf of our community. Under his leadership, the Waukegan Public Library has become an indispensable resource for our local community, a place where resi-dents can gather to learn, collaborate on school homework, or even just hang out with Lizzy, the library’s bearded dragon. Throughout Mr. Lee’s tenure, the library ex-panded its programs to offer literacy classes covering everything from English language learning to computer skills to basic reading, writing, and math skills for adults. Mr. Lee also oversaw a $1.2 million renovation that finished 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K09JA8.001 E09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE14 January 9, 2018 
in 2015, to modernize the facilities and in-crease cooperative working spaces. And the li-brary even hosts a summer concert series. The library’s inspired initiatives and incred-ible progress were recognized by the Institute of Museum and Library Services, which awarded the Waukegan Public Library with the National Medal in 2013, the highest national recognition for libraries. In fact, it was at the White House award ceremony hosted by First Lady Michelle Obama that I first met Mr. Lee and his team. Since then, the Waukegan Public Library has been an important partner in my work for our community, including allowing us to host reg-ular Neighborhood Office Hours to serve resi-dents closer to home, as well as graciously providing the venue for a recent ceremony honoring local Vietnam Veterans. In closing, I want to again thank my friend, Mr. Richard Lee, for his dedicated leadership, creativity, and passion over these last 15 years. I wish him the very best in his well-de-served retirement with family and friends. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 150TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE SIERRA SAC-RAMENTO VALLEY MEDICAL SO-CIETY 
HON. AMI BERA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to com-memorate the 150th Anniversary of the Sierra Sacramento Valley Medical Society. On March 18, 1868, twelve physicians formed the Sacramento Society for Medical Improvement, which is known today as the Si-erra Sacramento Valley Medical Society. The medical society’s early goals of learning about diseases and cures, formulating public health, sanitation, and food safety ordinances, and supporting the principles and ethics of the medical profession continue to benefit Sac-ramento communities. The Sierra Sacramento Valley Medical Soci-ety founded the Sacramento Board of Health and helped form the first State Board of Health in California. SSVMS represents more than 3,500 physi-cians, medical students, residents and fellows. Thirteen SSVMS physicians have served as President of the California Medical Association and three have served as President of the American Medical Association. SSVMS’s RX Safe Physicians program has partnered with opioid task forces in Sac-ramento and El Dorado Counties to create a physician led coalition that is fighting opioid abuse. As a member myself, I want to thank the Si-erra Sacramento Valley Medical Society for their work over the past 150 years. Mr. Speaker, I invite my colleagues to join me in congratulating the Sierra Sacramento Valley Medical Society on 150 years of service to the Sacramento region. HONORING SENSEI MARUYAMA HON. BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate Sensei Shuji Maruyama, the Founder of Kokikai Aikido, on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of his teaching Aikido in Pennsylvania. In so doing, I honor his achievements and the beneficial role that Kokikai Aikido has played in enriching the lives of the men, women and children of Bucks County, PA and the USA. Kokikai Aikido is a self-defense training sys-tem that stresses timing, centering, and co-ordination, rather than meeting force with force. Aikido students strive to use minimum effort for maximum effect, making Aikido an effective self-defense method for people of all levels of physical ability and of all ages. Kokikai Aikido teaches that strength comes from one’s mental state as well as from one’s physical prowess. It provides a path for per-sonal realization and ethical self-defense. Stu-dents learn that as they become stronger, a peaceful resolution of conflict becomes more, not less, possible. In this way Aikido students also become better citizens, as they work to-ward attaining their personal goals. After 50 years of teaching in the USA, Sensei Maruyama continues to share his unbounded energy with his students. He con-stantly strives to improve and simplify his tech-nique, and to find even more effective ways of teaching. Through his leadership, Kokikai Aikido has grown to include dojos all over the United States and the world. Keystone Kokikai Aikido has made his teachings accessible to hundreds of Southeastern Pennsylvania resi-dents. I offer congratulations to Sensei Maruyama on his achievement and congratulations to his students who are fortunate to celebrate this milestone with him. It is my hope that Kokikai Aikido will continue to flourish and that Sensei Shuji Maruyama will continue to bring his skills to the martial arts community for many years to come. 
f 
HONORING COMRADE WILLIE L. LINDSEY, JR. 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable public servant, Comrade Willie Lee Lindsey, Jr. who was born on February 23, 1936. He enlisted into the United States Air Force on February 3, 1954 and was trained to be a Fire Fighter in the United States Air Force. He obtained the rank of Airman 3rd Class (A/3C) during his 3 years and 10 months of service. Comrade Willie L. Lindsey Jr. served 1 year and 10 months under imminent danger and hazardous duty conditions on the Korean Pe-ninsula of South Korea. He was awarded the National Defense Medal along with the Korean Service Medal during his time of service in the Air Force. Airman 3rd Class Willie L. Lindsey, Jr. was Honorably Discharged from the United States Air Force on January 7, 1958. After serving his country as a Fire Fighter in the military, Comrade Willie L. Lindsey, Jr. transitioned into civilian life and worked and retired after 30 years of employment at Vick-ers, Inc. in Jackson, Mississippi. In December of 1985, Willie Lindsey joined the Brooks, William, Stewart, Veterans of For-eign Wars Post 9832, in Jackson, MS. He was elected VFW Post 9832 Com-mander in 1988 and served in that position from 1988 to 2008. He also served as VFW 5th District Commander during his time as VFW Post 9832 Commander. In 2006 through 2007, Willie Lindsey be-came the first African American in the State of Mississippi to be elected and serve as State Commander of the Department of Mississippi’s Veterans of Foreign Wars. Comrade Willie L. Lindsey, Jr. was a mem-ber of Shady Grove Baptist Church in Jack-son, Mississippi. He is survived by his son Roderick Odems. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Comrade Willie L. Lindsey, Jr. for his dedication to serving his country. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DAVID ROUZER 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to make it back to Washington, D.C. to vote on the evening of 1/8/2018 due to inclement weather conditions. Had I been present, I would have voted Present on Roll Call No. 1. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF EMMA COUTURE 
HON. CHARLIE CRIST 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Mr. CRIST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Emma Couture, a remarkable and talented young woman who tragically left us too soon. At 19 years old, Emma accomplished a great deal more than many of us could hope to in a lifetime. And she did it with an open and giving heart that inspired everyone she met. Emma exemplified the best and the brightest of our Pinellas community: a brilliant student, gifted actress, and a thoughtful, self-less individual. From a young age, Ms. Couture showed a keen interest in the theater. In high school, she used her role as District Broadway Cares Representative to draw attention to AIDS re-search, organizing a donation drive and raffle at her local thespian competition. Emma used her unique talent on the stage as a platform to advocate for LGBTQ rights and other impor-tant issues, orchestrating a theatrical produc-tion that raised thousands of dollars for charity and drew performers from all over the country. Emma’s dedication to good works was matched only by her impressive intelligence. She was a victor on the television game show 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K09JA8.004 E09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE15 January 9, 2018 
Kid Jeopardy, serving as a source of civic pride for Pinellas County and an inspiration to little girls across the community. As a fellow Green Devil, no one better represented St. Petersburg High School and its motto of loy-alty and service to God, country, and home. After graduation, Emma realized her dream of working on the stage in New York City as a student at Marymount Manhattan College. She spent her final moments doing the very thing she loved most: directing her first college theater production, helping a fellow performer rehearse their lines. Emma’s passing due to unexpected heart failure was a sad day for Pinellas County. To her dedicated, loving parents Wilma and Peter, and her older sister Hannah, our hearts go out. I thank them for bringing such an in-credible young woman into this world. She has left an indelible mark that will never be erased; her spirit will live on in the hearts of everyone whose life she touched. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BILL POSEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully in-clude in the R
ECORD my intended votes for November 28 through December 1, 2017. I was feeling under the weather, and at the ad-vice of my doctor I was told to rest and avoid air travel for the duration of the week. 
TUESDAY , NOVEMBER 28 , 2017 
H.R. 2768—Fowler and Boskoff Peaks Des-ignation Act (Sponsored by Rep. S
COTT TIP-
TON/Natural Resources Committee)—This leg-islation would designate two mountain peaks in the Uncompahgre National Forest in Colo-rado as ‘‘Fowler Peak’’ and ‘‘Boskoff Peak’’ in honor of two philanthropists—Charlie Fowler and Christine Boskoff—whom supported ath-letic schools, women’s education, global lit-eracy, and gender equality. They passed away when an avalanche struck while they were at-tempting to climb Genyen Peak in Tibet in No-vember 2006. Roll no. 638—Yes H.R. 3115—Superior National Forest Land Exchange Act of 2017 (Sponsored by Rep. R
ICK NOLAN /Natural Resources Committee). This legislation would facilitate a land ex-change between the United States Forest Service (USFS) and a private entity—6,650 acres of federal land in the Superior National Forest would be exchanged for 6,690 acres of private land in the same forest. The proposal has been under strict review by the National Environmental Policy Act for seven years, and requires permitting through the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and the State of Min-nesota after the bill’s enactment. Roll no. 639—Yes 
WEDNESDAY , NOVEMBER 29 , 2017 
Ordering the Previous Question on H. Res. 631—Procedural vote on the combined rule providing for consideration of the bill, H.R. 3017—Brownfields Enhancement, Economic Redevelopment, and Reauthorization Act of 2017, and of the bill, H.R. 3905—Minnesota’s Economic Rights in the Superior National For-est Act. Roll no. 640—Yes Adoption of H. Res. 631—Procedural vote on the combined rule providing for consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 3017—Brownfields En-hancement, Economic Redevelopment, and Reauthorization Act of 2017, and of the bill, H.R. 3905—Minnesota’s Economic Rights in the Superior National Forest Act. Roll no. 641—Yes THURSDAY , NOVEMBER 30 , 2017 
H.Amdt. 487 to H.R. 3905, Minnesota’s Eco-nomic Rights in the Superior National Forest Act, G
RIJALVA (D–AZ) Amendment—Increases the royalty rate by 16.66 percent for mineral leases in the Superior National Forest. Roll no. 642—No Passage of H.R. 3905—Minnesota’s Eco-nomic Rights in the Superior National Forest Act (Sponsored by Rep. T
OMEMMER /Natural Resources Committee)—This bill restores min-eral rights in Minnesota, and opens the permit-ting process for mining in the state. Roll no. 643—Yes Ordering the Previous Question on H. Res. 635—Procedural vote on the combined rule providing for consideration of the bill H.R. 4182—Ensuring a Qualified Civil Service Act of 2017 and of the bill H.R. 1699—Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act of 2017. Roll no. 644—Yes Adoption of H. Res. 635—Procedural vote on the combined rule providing for consider-ation of the bill H.R. 4182—Ensuring a Quali-fied Civil Service Act of 2017 and of the bill H.R. 1699—Preserving Access to Manufac-tured Housing Act of 2017. Roll no. 645—Yes H.Amdt. 489 to H.R. 4182, Ensuring a Qualified Civil Service Act of 2017, Hastings (D–FL) Amendment—Exempts alumni of the PeaceCorps, AmeriCorps, and other national service programs under the Corporation for National and Community Service from the two- year probationary period. Roll no. 646—No H.Amdt. 491 to H.R. 4182, C
ONNOLLY (D– VA) Substitute Amendment—Strikes the provi-sions of the bill and replaces it with a study and report by the Comptroller General of the United States. The study and report will be on those agencies that have lengthened the em-ployee probationary period from 1 to 2 years, and any impact of an existing two-year proba-tionary period at the agency. Roll no. 647—No Passage of H.R. 4182—Ensuring a Quali-fied Civil Service Act of 2017—This legislation would extend the probationary period for new federal employees (civil service) from one year to two years. The bill addresses the findings from a 2015 GAO report which found that su-pervisors often do not utilize the probationary period for its intended purpose, and need more time to complete a full assessment of work performance. Roll no. 648—Yes Passage of H.R. 3017—Brownfields En-hancement, Economic Redevelopment, and Reauthorization Act of 2017 (Sponsored by Rep. D
AVID MCKINLEY /Energy and Commerce Committee)—This bill reauthorizes the Brownfields Program to provide grants and technical assistance to communities, states, and tribes to assess, safely clean up, and sustainably reuse contaminated properties. There are more than 450,000 brownfields in the United States, and each of these sites has the potential to encourage economic develop-ment with federal assistance. Roll no. 649— Yes 
FRIDAY , DECEMBER 1 , 2017 
Democrat Motion to Recommit on H.R. 1699—Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act of 2017 (Sponsored by Rep. A
NDY BARR/Financial Services Committee)— Roll no. 650—No Passage of H.R. 1699—Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act of 2017 (Spon-sored by Rep. ANDY BARR/Financial Services Committee)—This bill would help low-income families gain access to banks loans to pur-chase mobile homes. Roll no. 651—Yes Approval of the Journal Roll no. 652—Yes 
f 
HONORING THE WEST SENECA WEST VARSITY FOOTBALL TEAM FOR THEIR STATE CHAMPION-SHIP VICTORY 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the West Seneca West varsity football team for their remarkable achievement of winning the 2017 New York State Public High Schools Athletic Association Class A Championship with a 14–6 victory over the Section I Champions, Yorktown High School, at the Carrier Dome in Syracuse on November 24, 2017. The West Seneca West football team earned the distinction of being ranked No. 1 in large schools by the Buffalo News. Head Coach Mike Vastola was selected Coach of the Year and senior quarterback Matt Myers was selected Player of the Year and Connolly Cup Winner, an award given to one out-standing varsity football player from Western New York each year. Myers accounted for 264 of West’s 290 yards in total offense. The defense performed well under pressure to lay a strong foundation for the biggest victory in the history of West Seneca West football. This incredible season comes on the heels of a 12-year playoff drought, which displays the dedication of these players and coaches to building a cham-pionship team. I’d like to thank former coach and current president of the West Seneca Teacher’s Asso-ciation, Joseph Cantafio, for inviting me here today to recognize the young men and the football organization that has brought this community together, inspiring a great sense of pride for West Seneca’s accomplishments both on and off the field. The team’s spirit of hard work, camaraderie and incredible sports-manship has moved this community to believe that anything is possible when you come to-gether as a team. Every player on the roster deserves to be recognized for the efforts, from freshmen to seniors. The efforts of Liam Scheuer, Josh Clifton, Juston Johnson, Mike Velasquez, Josh Karmazyn, Bryan Ball, Mitch Bednarz, David Beard, Jacob Wagner, Dillon Weir, Nick Knowles, Luke Wilhelm, Kyle Bauer, Kyle Haettich, Jordan Mackiewicz, Jake Cooper, Ni-colai Lowman, Dylan Kasic, John Speyer, Cody Chambers, Jake Wood, Corey Snyder, Jebadiah Braunscheidel, John Cantafio, Josh Wilson, Bradley Claycomb, Nick Fazzio, Jer-emy Cuthbert, Daniel Cantafio, Robin Block, Nick Cooper, George Newcomb, Tremar Brice, Chris Ignasiak, Tavian Brooks, Dustin White- Wagner, Mike Glinski, and Trevor Stoddard earned West Seneca West the state cham-pionship, led by Captains Jesse Broad, Matt Myers, Vinny Draper, Coach Mike Vastola, As-sistant Coaches Dave Recor, Matt Marinaro, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09JA8.004 E09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE16 January 9, 2018 
Rob Lares, Joe Cantafio, Neil Raddu, and Rich Sanders, and Athletic Director Vincent Dell’Oso. The team’s perfect record in 2017 is one that will be remembered and celebrated for years to come. Let me echo the words of Coach Mike Vastola who proclaimed it ‘‘a great moment for fans, a great moment for the community and a great moment for all the guys that he was proud to coach.’’ A moment every football player dreams of, winning the state championship after a hard-fought couple of years, is an accomplishment that this team should be very proud of. Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me a few moments to recognize the champion West Seneca West varsity football team. Their suc-cess reinforces timeless lessons learned by student athletes of the virtues of preparation, teamwork, and diligence. Congratulations to the West Seneca West varsity football players, coaches, staff and fans on this well-deserved, historic victory. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF STAFF SERGEANT PETER EWANICK 
HON. SALUD O. CARBAJAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to celebrate the life of Staff Sergeant Peter Ewanick. He was born May 23, 1919 to Ukrainian immigrants in Forestville, Pennsyl-vania. They were fleeing oppression and seek-ing a better life in America. Peter grew up in Evanston, Illinois, playing football and baseball in high school. In Sep-tember of 1941 he enlisted in the United States Marine Corps, three months before the United States would enter World War II. He was part of an USMC special weapons pla-toon in two of the bloodiest battles in the Pa-cific, Tarawa and Okinawa. He was honorably discharged as a Staff Sergeant in December 1945. Peter Ewanick got a job in Los Angeles as a lineman for the Pacific Telephone and Tele-graph Company, helping to build the micro-wave infrastructure across California’s deserts and to install overhead and underground ca-bles for the postwar population boom in LA. He married wife Joyce in 1958, and together they raised her children and their son to-gether, Joel, in both Huntington Park and the San Fernando Valley. Peter Ewanick retired in 1981 as a splicing and construction foreman, having been re-sponsible for the Wilshire District of Los Ange-les. The couple moved to Santa Barbara in 2008. Peter was a lifetime member of the Elks Lodge and the Telephone Pioneers, and gen-erally regarded as a good husband, a great role model, and a proud American veteran. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to join with the nation and the Ewanick family in celebrating this special life, which ended peacefully on July 25, 2017. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. LYNN JENKINS 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I was absent for Roll Call vote No. 1 on the evening of January 8, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted Present on Roll Call No. 1. 
f 
REMEMBERING STEVE PHELPS 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Dr. Steve Phelps, a life-long educa-tor and administrator who dedicated his career to improving opportunities for students of all backgrounds throughout the Bay Area. Dr. Phelps died on December 26th following com-plications from heart surgery. Steve Phelps was born on June 9th, 1944 in Los Angeles, but grew up in Oakland. He graduated from San Francisco State University and the University of San Francisco, and re-ceived his doctorate in educational leader-ship—a subject which he would put to great use throughout his career. Dr. Phelps began his teaching career in San Francisco. In 1972 he started as a social sciences teacher and coach at St. Ignatius, a private Catholic high school in the Sunset Dis-trict. He quickly made his mark by working to ensure that students from throughout San Francisco could take advantage of the benefits of St. Ignatius’ high quality education. In 1973, Dr. Phelps started SI Uplift, a pro-gram aimed at improving the diversity of the student body at St. Ignatius. His efforts to im-prove diversity including outreach to other ele-mentary schools to encourage minority stu-dents to consider St. Ignatius, and he also served as the moderators of the Black Student Union and the Asian Students Coalition. While at St. Ignatius, Dr. Phelps also served as the head of the school’s professional devel-opment department; ensuring that teachers were able to attain credentials and advanced degrees in order to provide better outcomes for their students. In 2005, Dr. Phelps returned home to Oak-land when he took the helm as President of Bishop O’Dowd High School. As president, Dr. Phelps helped improve the school’s fund-raising record, which enabled O’Dowd to fund the renovation of classrooms, the construction of the Center for Environmental Studies, and to initiate a program to provide all students with laptops—the first of its kind at the time in the Bay Area. Dr. Phelps’ leadership also expanded much needed financial aid for students, helping to ensure that cost was not a barrier for families who wanted their children to receive the bene-fits of a Bishop O’Dowd education. Throughout his life, Dr. Phelps dem-onstrated an unwavering commitment to im-proving the lives of the thousands of students in the Bay Area. His work helped strengthen two schools, but his legacy will be the impact that he had on the lives of his students, and all that they are able to achieve through the support that he provided them. On behalf of California’s 13th Congressional District, I’d like to thank Dr. Phelps for his ex-ceptional and distinguished career, and honor his life of service to our district. I send my sin-cere condolences to his wife, Susan, his chil-dren Amy and Chris, and his entire extended family. f 
LAW ENFORCEMENT APPRECIATION DAY 
HON. NEAL P. DUNN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Law Enforcement Appreciation Day. Thank you to all who put their lives at risk every day and night to keep our families safe. Our law enforcement and first responders run into danger so that others can escape it. Last year, we passed the Thin Blue Line Act to ensure that those who commit crimes against our law enforcement will be held ac-countable and seek justice for those murdered in the line of duty. I am committed to con-tinuing to fight for the officers of the thin blue line. Every day, despite great personal risks, law enforcement officers across the country put on their uniforms and carry out their duties to pro-tect and serve. They have our backs, let’s have theirs. 
f 
APPRECIATING THE BIRTH OF WILLIAM BRUNSON D
EPASS IV 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, congratulations to W. Brunson DePass, III, and Emily Barnhill DePass on the birth of their son William Brunson DePass, IV, born at 4:47 p.m., Saturday, January 6, 2018, at Baptist Medical Center of Columbia, South Carolina, weighing six pounds and fourteen ounces. He is welcomed by his grateful grand-parents William (Rusty) B. DePass, Jr. and Susan Parker DePass along with Jane Arnold Barnhill and Edward (Butch) D. Barnhill, Jr., Esq. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. JEFFREY STAMPER 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Sergeant Jeffrey Stamper for twenty-six years of dedicated service to the public safety of the citizens of Kings County, California. Sergeant Stamper is a lifelong Kings County resident. Born in 1967, Jeffrey grew up in the small farm town of Corcoran, California. He at-tended local schools and graduated Corcoran High School in 1985 before attending Cali-fornia State University, Long Beach. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09JA8.006 E09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE17 January 9, 2018 
Sergeant Stamper’s law enforcement career started in 1991, as a Deputy Sheriff in Kings County. He was promoted to Senior Deputy Sheriff in February of 2000. After sixteen years in the Kings County Sheriff’s Depart-ment, Sergeant Stamper transitioned to the Kings County District Attorney’s Office as an Investigator in November of 2007. In 2010, Sergeant Stamper was sworn into the Inaugural Police Department for the City of Avenal, California. His experience and leader-ship made him a preferred candidate to help establish a new department to protect the citi-zens of Avenal. This year completes seven full years of service to the citizens of Avenal and twenty-six years of total law enforcement ex-perience. In retirement, Sergeant Stamper will be spending more time with his loving family, wife Julie and daughters Taylor and Lilly. On this special day for Jeffrey, it is important to re-member his son Brandon who was taken from his loved ones and our community too soon in 2012. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in commending Sergeant Jeffrey Stamper on his retirement from the City of Avenal and his service to the people of Kings County over the past twenty-six years. As he embarks on the next chapter of his life, I wish him my absolute best. 
f 
LIFE OF MARCUS RASKIN 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the fiercely independent progres-sive think tank co-founder Professor Marcus G. Raskin and to pay my respects to his fam-ily, especially to my colleague, Maryland Con-gressman J
AMIE RASKIN . Mr. Raskin died De-cember 24 at 83. As a founder of the Institute for Policy Studies in 1963, Mr. Raskin was at the forefront shaping important policy pro-posals for more than five decades as the intel-lectual force against ‘‘the national security state,’’ a term he coined. Mr. Raskin was in-strumental in galvanizing the anti-Vietnam War movement and in seeing the Pentagon Papers were published. He was indicted in 1968 as one of the ‘‘Boston Five’’—including William Sloane Coffin and Dr. Benjamin Spock—for conspiracy to aid resistance to the draft, and was acquitted. Later, practicing what he called ‘‘passionate scholarship’’—pairing ideas with action—he was instrumental in organizing the IPS campaign that ultimately persuaded 350 cities across the country to vote on resolutions opposing the Iraq War. A graduate of the Uni-versity of Chicago and its law school, Mr. Raskin joined the Kennedy administration in early 1961 as an aide to National Security Ad-viser McGeorge Bundy. Along with Richard J. Barnet, he founded the Institute for Policy Studies as a national vehicle for promoting progressive policies for the left-leaning ele-ments of the Democratic Party. IPS became the model for policy think tanks in Washington and remained independent by refusing to take government grants. The author or editor of 20 books, Mr. Raskin was a leading force in pro-gressive social causes, including the anti-nu-clear arms debate, civil rights, women’s rights, the environment and consumer affairs. In 1977, IPS was asked by 56 members of Con-gress, led by members of the Congressional Black Caucus, to analyze the federal budget, leading to the 1980 publication of The Federal Budget and Social Reconstruction. After the 9/ 11 attacks, he wrote three books forging a new approach to threats, including, with Rob-ert Spero, The Four Freedoms Under Siege: The Clear and Present Danger from Our Na-tional Security State (2006). In 2012, he co- edited Warfare Welfare: The Not-So-Hidden Coasts of America’s War Economy. I want to express my condolences to Mr. Raskin’s fam-ily. The country was strengthened and enlight-ened my Marcus Raskin’s persuasive ideas. As an American citizen who took an active role shaping public policy, he will be missed. f 
TAYLOR SCOTT AFFENTRANGER 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of Sergeant Taylor Scott Affentranger. Affentranger joined the United States Army in 2011 and proudly served his country in Af-ghanistan and Italy until 2017. After returning home from duty he went back to school at the Central New Mexico Community College. Taylor was focused on his coursework and excited to work towards a bachelor’s degree in Video Game Engineering. He was dedicated to his family, community, and country. Affentranger passed away on December 22, 2017 He was the husband to Courtney Affentranger and father to their son, Rownan, who recently turned two. He will be remem-bered as a loving husband and father, and as a hero who bravely defended our country. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Taylor Scott Affentranger for his service to our nation. He is survived by his father, Scott Affentranger and wife Miriah; his mother, Pam-ela Gonzales and husband Ken; his wife Courtney and son Rownan; Treva Affentranger, his grandmother; his siblings, Ashley and Bracton; and stepsiblings, Dallen and Ashlyn Fluitt. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE ST. FRANCIS D
ESALES HIGH SCHOOL BOYS SOCCER TEAM 
HON. PATRICK J. TIBERI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the St. Francis DeSales High School Boys Soccer Team for winning the Ohio Divi-sion II State Soccer Championship. This victory caps a tremendous season and adds to the great legacy of the St. Francis DeSales soccer program. While most student athletes endeavor to capture one champion-ship during their high school career, the young men on the DeSales Boys Soccer Team have won three championships in four years. This accomplishment truly exemplifies St. Francis DeSales High School’s commitment to aca-demic and athletic excellence. These young student athletes have set a new standard for future Stallions and dem-onstrated that success is attainable through diligence and countless hours of practice. Ev-eryone at St. Francis DeSales can be ex-tremely proud of their accomplishment. On behalf of the citizens of Ohio’s 12th Congressional District, I congratulate the St. Francis DeSales Boys Soccer Team on their state championship. I wish them continued success in both their athletic and academic endeavors. f 
CELEBRATING RUTH M. YOUNG’S 95TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. BARRY LOUDERMILK 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 95th birthday of Mrs. Ruth M. Young of Marietta, Georgia. Mrs. Young was born on January 15, 1923. A longtime resident of Decatur who relo-cated to Marietta-Cobb County with her daughter, Olivia, Mrs. Young continues to be an active member of her neighborhood and community. A woman who is deeply devoted to her family, being married for 72 years until the death of her beloved husband (Jesse T. Young) in 2013, she has continued to be a tireless mother, grandmother, great-grand-mother and well-respected neighborhood-com-munity figure. Mrs. Young’s family and friends are gath-ering this weekend to celebrate her 95th birth-day with a reception on January 15, 2018. Please join me in wishing Mrs. Ruth Young a very happy birthday. 
f 
HOMILY/EULOGY FOR SR. CATHERINE PINKERTON CSJ 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the following Homily and Eulogy for Sister Catherine Pinkerton: 
The readings chosen for Catherine today by her CSJ sisters are wonderfully descrip-tive of who she was. Catherine’s life was all about bringing glad tidings to the poor and letting the oppressed go free. She was so powerfully passionate and so dedicated to her mission of justice, who can doubt that the Spirit had indeed anointed her for this work?—And is she not a true daughter of Joseph? (Luke 4: 14–23) The first reading from the Book of Wisdom (Message version) describes her so well: in-quiring mind coupled with dedication. She was one of a kind, able to multitask and keep an edge; nimble in argument, able to conduct three conversations at the same time; kept a clean record, always had her wits about her; wouldn’t hurt a fly; was drawn to the good; sharp as a tack, nothing got past her; always had an orange in her pocket; cordial with humans, kind to ani-mals; (Some examples—I’m told that one 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09JA8.012 E09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE18 January 9, 2018 
fish in the motherhouse fish tank actually always responded to the sound of her voice. She loved the deer on our property, and was once found after hours roaming the kitchen trying to find some food for a wounded doe. Her great niece Kelly Haas recalls how much Catherine loved the horses at the stable where Catherine came to watch her learning to ride.) could hold her own in male com-pany. She was a model of virtue, didn’t miss a trick; she could discern the movements of the soul—whether intellectual or moral, sub-tle or not-so-subtle.’’ (Wisdom 7: 22–23) The only thing that’s missing from this fascinating list is that her hair and makeup were always perfect, her two business suits beautifully tailored, and she always looked as if she had just stepped out of a band box. Seriously. So how shall we eulogize our Catherine? Perhaps we should begin at the beginning— her heart for the marginalized was instilled at age seven, when her parents were about to buy a new home right before the Great De-pression, Catherine loved the house they were considering, particularly because of its large library. ‘‘I told all my friends about it,’’ she said. ‘‘But Dad sat us down and said, ‘Mother and I have decided not to buy that house.’ I said, ‘Why, Daddy?’ He said, ‘Be-cause something terrible is going to happen in this country, and there will be people who won’t have food or housing or jobs and . . . we have to help them.’’ And I said, ‘Why can‘t they help themselves?’ He said, ’Some people don’t have resources like education and jobs.’ And then he said, ‘And besides, missy, you don’t need a big house when other people don’t have food on the table.’ And that was my first lesson in justice.’’ Later, involvements with Dorothy Day’s Catholic Worker Movement and friendship with Mother Margaret Mary Neary were in-fluential in Catherine’s decision to join the Congregation of St. Joseph. After Vatican II, Catherine quickly ac-quired multiple involvements in Cleveland. She was a respected teacher, skilled choir di-rector and principal at St. Joe’s Academy where she annually taught the entire stu-dent body to sing the Battle Hymn of the Re-public in four-part harmony. She worked closely with Cleveland groups that focused on the poor and on advancing women’s roles in church and society. In the 1970s she worked as a consultant to Cleveland’s parish councils and other religious communities. She was president of the Sisters’ senate and became a founding member of the Cleveland Women’s Ordination Conference. Among her local awards are two naming her as one of the Most Influential Women in Cleveland as well as the John Carroll Univer-sity Centennial Education Medal. From 1976– 1984 she served in leadership with our Con-gregation of St. Joseph and in 1982 was elect-ed to the presidency of Leadership Con-ference of Women Religious (LCWR), which at the time represented all 130,000 US sisters. And so began Catherine’s national min-istry—first via LCWR—and then in 1984 when she began working as a lobbyist for NET-WORK, the Catholic Social Justice lobby founded by LCWR sisters. I’d like to take a moment now and reprise a tribute from her LCWR and NETWORK sis-ters when in 2006, they gave her the highest honor any former LCWR president could re-ceive—the Outstanding Leadership Award. It is a good snapshot of how Catherine lived out her anointing to work for justice and the poor: The late Sr. Bette Moslander, CSJ who was part of the LCWR presidency with Catherine said: ‘‘Catherine was in LCWR leadership at a time when the conference and US women religious were the focus of intense scrutiny by the church and by the US government. The major shifts of Vatican II renewal had brought about changes that were not yet completely accepted by the Catholic popu-lation in this country or by the Congrega-tion of Religious in Rome.’’ The late Sr. Miriam Therese Larkin, CSJ, also in the LCWR presidency with Catherine, says: ‘‘Catherine’s wisdom, insight and straightforwardness during these times en-abled her to make her point so clearly and cogently that further protests lost their meaning and simply died. We really cannot measure the value of her service to women religious in the United States and in the world.’’ Former Network Director Sr. Kathy Thornton RSM wrote: ‘‘It is perhaps on Cap-itol Hill that [Catherine] has had the strong-est impact, commanding attention with her intelligence and unwavering determination as an advocate for those unduly burdened by the injustices of society. . . . Catherine has become a formidable presence in the halls of Congress. Jean Stokan, policy director of Pax Christi USA: ‘‘When Catherine walks the halls of Congress, she parts waters. Heads turn and useless chatter ceases when she enters a room.’’ NETWORK colleague Michael Culliton con-curs. ‘‘I remember trips to Capitol Hill with Catherine. I was struck by the number of times we were stopped by staffers and elect-ed officials who knew Catherine by name. Ever a woman of justice, her warm return of a greeting was typically followed with a strong injunction related to an upcoming vote or policy debate.’’ Kathy Thornton again: ‘‘Catherine has be-come at home in centers of power. She has won the respect of many heavy-hitters in the political world and can ably tease Bill Clin-ton, confer with Hillary Clinton and chide Ted Kennedy, who when he does not see Catherine for a while, admits to really miss-ing her.’’ Sr. Janet Mock CSJ—the former Executive Director of LCWR—notes: ‘‘She is equally at home, however, with the people who live on the margins. Her co-workers note that Cath-erine puts the same effort into building rela-tionships with the world’s power brokers as she puts into building relationships with the marginalized people whom she knows from the streets of DC. As she uses her intellect to analyze social ills, she uses her heart to un-derstand the people affected by them. U.S. Representative Marcy Kaptur‘, who knew Catherine for over 30 years, told us at her wake last night that Catherine was the founding face of NETWORK and of Catholic Social Teaching in Congress. ‘‘Network in its early years would not have been possible without her inspired leadership.’’ By way of background, during Clinton admin—Catherine worked with then First Lady Hillary Clinton and Senator Edward Kennedy in an effort to craft comprehensive health care legislation. She brought Catholic Social Teaching principles to the debate and was a strong advocate for ensuring that those without coverage would have access to healthcare. When that effort faltered, she be-came a passionate advocate for the Child Health Insurance Program for families too poor to have health insurance but did not qualify for Medicaid. At the Wake Service last night, the cur-rent Executive Director of NETWORK, Sr. Simone Campbell reflected that Catherine’s perseverance and lobbying had actually pre-pared the way for the Affordable Care Act, and related how happy she was to see it passed just before Catherine retired so she could experience the rich fruits of her over 25 years of dedicated lobbying. Sr. Nancy Sylvester IHM remembers that when Catherine came to NETWORK ‘‘[She] also took a great interest in our young in-terns/associates. She mentored them and took time to drive them home if needed or to assist them in other ways.’’ Sr. Theresa Kane RSM—LCWR president just before Catherine: ‘‘Catherine Pinkerton was a dedicated, enthusiastic and a most gracious woman religious to all who encoun-tered her. She lived a full, joyous and most worthwhile life and meets her loving God with many graces. Indeed she has earned and been gifted with the hundredfold!’’ At a DC farewell for Catherine, the well- known Washington Post Columnist EJ Dionne praised her this way: ‘‘It has been said that while we are born with original sin we also have access to original grace...Sr. Catherine’s public witness has always been about grace—about the capacity to solve problems and help people. We have heard her preach, we have watched her work, and boy are we grateful—this city could use a whole lot more people like you, Sr. Catherine. You make us proud to be Catholic.’’ (Full re-marks can be found at https:// www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0qHNO3GquO) So, are we getting the idea that Catherine was sort of a larger than life kind of person? Well, yes—and no. We, Cleveland sisters were immensely proud of her but we also dealt gently with her frailties. Last, unbeknownst to any but her closest confidantes, there were the insecurities that sometimes plagued her. So this closing quote comes from someone Catherine has described as her soulmate: Sr. Felicia Petruziello, who lived with her in Washington for a number of years and is a lifelong friend: ‘‘We were soulmates in our earthiness—our human weaknesses,’’ says Felicia. ‘‘Both of us were always doubting ourselves—we were connected in being anxious and wondering if what we were doing or saying was right or not. It wasn’t the big and famous things she did that connected us but our insecurities. When she gave a speech, she needed to have five people read it first to see if it was OK. Before she received her award at LCWR she spent most of the time in the bathroom be-cause she was so anxious about whether her speech was good enough. And she found it so helpful to ride up in the elevator with Joe Biden’s mother just before her benediction at the 2008 Democratic convention. She felt more secure that another ‘‘old lady’’ was present.’’ ‘‘This is something most people didn’t know,’’ concludes Felicia. ‘‘She often felt very insecure inside—but that didn’t stop her—she is a model for how we can do big things when we move beyond our insecu-rities.’’ ‘‘She is a model for how we can do big things when we move beyond our insecu-rities.’’ I’d like to close with Catherine’s own words from a news story at the time of her LCWR award: ‘‘Our foundresses dealt with chaos,’’ she said, ‘‘and we have to deal with chaos now because only out of chaos is going to come the creativity of the future. Women Religious are the prophetic dimension of the church. Religious life is a prophetic gift given to the church and humanity. We stand on the line of what is and what is yet to be, and that is our role.’’ ‘‘We stand on the line of what is and what is yet to be . . . .’’ And isn’t this a daughter of Joseph? S
ISTER CATHERINE PINKERTON , CSJ (Congregation of St.Joseph) Formerly Sister Mary Pius Born September 22, 1921 Entered Eternal Life December 28, 2017 Catherine was born, the third of four chil-dren, on September 22, 1921 to Charles D. and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09JA8.017 E09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE19 January 9, 2018 
Anne Berry Pinkerton. She grew up on Cleveland’s west side in a family that was both politically conscious and socially active and where discussion of ‘‘issues’’ (which al-most always included the children) was a regular part of family interaction. Her father ran a steel foundry supply business and was a salesman most of his life. Her mother was both a homemaker and helped her husband with the business. Catherine talked about Sunday afternoon walks to the lake with her father where she learned many valuable things among which was that a woman could do anything if she understood how the world and business worked. Catherine attended St. Ignatius Ele-mentary School from which she graduated in 1935. She then went on to St. Joseph Acad-emy, graduating in 1939. During her high school years, she was introduced to the Catholic Worker movement and was soon volunteering at a soup kitchen. She became very close to Mother Margaret Mary Neary, who was instrumental in helping her make the decision to enter the Sisters of St. Jo-seph, which she did immediately following graduation. Her parents were reluctant to see her enter, but they did support her in her deci-sion. She received the habit in 1940 and was given the religious name, Sister Mary Pius. She attended St. John College from which she received her BSE in 1950 and her MA (Curriculum, English, and Education) in 1957. She did further study at both John Carroll University (certification in secondary school administration) and Laval University in Canada (music). As was the case with most sisters at that time, much of her formal edu-cation was done on Saturdays and during summers while she was teaching. Sister Mary Pius’s teaching assignments were: St. Rose (1943–50); St. Joseph, Canton (1950–57); St. Joseph Academy (1957–73). Dur-ing her time at St. Joseph Academy, she was a teacher, the principal, and the director of the Junior Professed Sisters. This was around the time of the Second Vatican Coun-cil and Mother Margaret Mary Neary (Cath-erine’s friend from high school) told her that she would be responsible for preparing young sisters for a Church and a community which didn’t yet exist. What a challenge that was! In all the different capacities which Cath-erine served at St. Joseph Academy, she was always involved with teaching music. She was especially skillful in getting large groups to sing well. There was nothing like hearing the entire school sing, ‘‘The Battle Hymn of the Republic’’! It was during these years that Catherine was elected to the Diocesan Sisters’ Senate and eventually became its president. She gradually became more and more involved in organizations of women religious. From 1973– 75, she was the chairperson of NAWR (Na-tional Association of Women Religious). In 1975, she came back to Cleveland and worked for the Diocese in pastoral planning as the Director of Parish Councils (1975–80). Shortly after, she was elected to the leadership team of the Congregation of St. Joseph. (1976–84). When her term was completed, Catherine went to work for NETWORK, a national Catholic social justice lobby in Washington, D.C., which was affectionately known by some as the ‘‘nuns’ lobby’’ (1984–2010). NET-WORK was founded in the early 1970’s by Catholic sisters to do research on and lob-bying in Congress regarding those issues which affect the lives of the poor and minori-ties in our country and in the world. Cath-erine was honored to give the benediction at the 2008 National Democratic Convention in Denver, pausing before praying, and deliv-ering a prayer of hope and gratitude to the crowd and the nation. Catherine’s health caused her to decide in 2010 to return to Cleveland and to St. Joseph Hall where she remained a vibrant part of the local CSJ community. We are grateful for having shared in the life and the gifts of Sister Catherine and we celebrate her en-trance into eternal life. The following are a few additional reflec-tions about Catherine: ‘‘Catherine has a remarkable capacity to build relationships. In the mystical body of Christ, Catherine is sinew and nerves: con-necting and loving each unique expression of the Divine.’’ (Michael Culliton) ‘‘Catherine, politically astute and passion-ately committed to the Gospel, never backed away from the way of justice and peace in the concrete and often messy reality of our time.’’ (Bette Mosslander CSJ) ‘‘Catherine has ventured into the halls of Congress to speak truth to power. She ap-proaches Senators and Representatives not with money to line campaign coffers, but with faith, a deep knowledge of the issues, and a belief in the social Gospel of Jesus. As a consequence, she has touched the hearts— and changed the votes—of countless mem-bers of Congress.’’ (Kathy Thornton, RSM) f 
KAZAKHSTAN’S CHAIRMANSHIP OF THE UNITED NATIONS SECURITY COUNCIL 
HON. DANA ROHRABACHER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, today I call on my colleagues to join me in recog-nizing the visit of the President of Kazakhstan, Nursultan Nazarbayev, to the United States and Kazakhstan’s assumption of the rotating presidency of the UN Security Council. Over the past 26 years, Kazakhstan and the United States have built a strategic partner-ship based on mutual trust and friendship. Ad-ditionally, Kazakhstan has been and remains a vital partner in the fight against violent Islamic extremists—which is a threat to both of our countries—and Astana is an advocate of reli-gious freedom and tolerance. Since declaring its independence from the former Soviet Union in 1991, Kazakhstan has built a market-oriented economy continuing to be a valued partner of the United States. I congratulate the people of Kazakhstan on that achievement. Despite its vast mineral wealth, Kazakhstan is committed to diversifying its economy, in line with the Strategy-2050, its national vision for future development. The strategy calls for widespread economic, social and political re-forms with the goal of positioning Kazakhstan as one of the top 30 global economies by 2050. Since its independence, Kazakhstan has at-tracted $260 billion in foreign direct invest-ment, with another $100 billion forecast for the next decade. The United States is a large con-tributor, with foreign direct investment worth billions of US dollars entering the Kazakh economy. This makes the US one of the larg-est investors in Kazakhstan. Kazakhstan hosted an EXPO in 2017 with a theme of ‘‘Future Energy,’’ which showcased successful US-Kazakhstan collaboration. Kazakhstan seeks to become a leader in pro-moting renewable energy. Kazakhstan remains a reliable and trusted partner in the region, and I look forward to our work together to improve human rights, eco-nomic freedom and security inside Kazakhstan and across the region. f 
RECOGNIZING STEVE EKBERG, RE-TIRING MEMBER OF THE GIG HARBOR CITY COUNCIL, WASH-INGTON STATE 
HON. DEREK KILMER 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 9, 2018 Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of Steve Ekberg and his nearly four decades of service as a member of the Gig Harbor City Council in the great state of Washington. I wish to thank him for his dedi-cation to public service. I am proud to con-sider Steve a friend and I offer him my sin-cerest congratulations on his retirement. Councilmember Ekberg has served under five mayors and alongside nearly 100 councilmembers. His passion for improving our community’s access to recreational oppor-tunities is a testament to his lifelong commit-ment to public service. When Councilmember Ekberg was first elected, the City of Gig Har-bor had only one park. Today, the city fea-tures more than 20 parks and public piers. As a father to two little girls who play in those parks, I am appreciative of the tireless work of Councilmember Ekberg. Councilmember Ekberg’s contributions to Gig Harbor have been extensive. His years as a business and non-profit leader as well as a member of City Council have revealed him to be a champion for our region’s youth. As a community leader, he worked tirelessly to build the YMCA into a place where our chil-dren can learn and thrive. He spent years coaching youth sports teams and devoted countless hours to the local Historical Society. Councilmember Ekberg was a longtime business leader in the community. His insur-ance firm, the family owned Pilkey-Hopping & Ekberg, Incorporated, has been operating since 1896. When Steve retired from his firm, his son Reid Ekberg, was elected by the Board of Directors to become the fourth gen-eration of family leaders for the company. Steve has embodied the American dream and has contributed greatly to our region’s economy and to the civility of our small com-munity. Whether we’ve been working to build a new hospital in Gig Harbor, grapple with Narrows Bridge tolls, transfer some federal property to the city, or other initiatives, Steve has been a terrific partner and has always fo-cused on doing what’s right for the people of Gig Harbor. Though Steve will be retiring from the Gig Harbor City Council, his service to his commu-nity will surely continue in other capacities. I also want to recognize Steve’s wife Marion and their two sons, Adam and Reid, for the support they showed Steve and their own service to our community. It’s clear that Steve has passed along his commitment to service. On behalf of all Gig Harbor residents and the people of the Sixth District of Washington, thank you Steve for your tireless work and commitment to building a better community. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing Councilman Steve Ekberg’s nearly 40 years as a public servant on the City Council of the City of Gig Harbor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09JA8.019 E09JAPT1
D19 Tuesday, January 9, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S81–S112 Measures Introduced: Two bills and two resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2283–2284, and S. Res. 369–370.
                                                         Page S110 
Measures Passed: Majority Party’s Committee Membership: Senate agreed to S. Res. 369, to constitute the majority par-ty’s membership on certain committees for the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress, or until their successors are chosen.
                                                                       Page S111 
Minority Party’s Committee Membership: Senate agreed to S. Res. 370, to constitute the minority party’s membership on certain committees for the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress, or until their suc-cessors are chosen.
                                                       Page S111 
Parker Nomination—Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of Thomas Lee Rob-inson Parker, of Tennessee, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Western District of Tennessee. 
                                                                                   Pages S89–S101 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 96 yeas to 1 nay (Vote No. 4), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomina-tion.
                                                                                      Page S89 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Wednesday, January 10, 2018; that all time during adjournment, recess, morning business, and Leader remarks count post-cloture on the nomination; and that all post-cloture time on the nomination be con-sidered expired at 2:30 p.m., and Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination, with no intervening action or debate.
                                                   Pages S111–12 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By a unanimous vote of 97 yeas (Vote No. EX. 3), William L. Campbell, Jr., of Tennessee, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Tennessee.
                                                       Pages S89, S112 Messages from the House:                                   Page S104 
Executive Communications:                       Pages S104–08 
Petitions and Memorials:                              Pages S108–10 
Additional Cosponsors:                                          Page S110 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                      Pages S110–11 
Additional Statements:                                           Page S104 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:           Page S111 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—4)
                                                                          Page S89 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:27 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, January 10, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on pages S111–12.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
COMBATING MONEY LAUNDERING Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine com-bating money laundering and other forms of illicit finance, focusing on opportunities to reform and strengthen Bank Secrecy Act enforcement, including S. 2080, a bill to increase the role of the financial industry in combating human trafficking, after re-ceiving testimony from Greg Baer, The Clearing House Association, Chevy Chase, Maryland; Dennis M. Lormel, DML Associates, LLC, Lansdowne, Vir-ginia; and Heather A. Lowe, Global Financial Integ-rity, Washington, D.C. NOMINATION Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Alex Michael Azar II, of Indiana, to be Secretary of Health and Human Services, after the nominee testified and answered questions in his own behalf. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:12 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09JA8.REC D09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD20 January 9, 2018 
ATTACKS ON U.S. DIPLOMATS IN CUBA Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Security, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues concluded a hearing to examine at-tacks on United States diplomats in Cuba, focusing on response and oversight, after receiving testimony from Francisco L. Palmieri, Acting Assistant Sec-retary, Bureau of Western Hemisphere Affairs, Todd J. Brown, Assistant Director, International Programs Directorate, and Charles Rosenfarb, Medical Direc-tor, Bureau of Medical Services, all of the Depart-ment of State. THE OPIOID CRISIS Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the opioid crisis, focusing on how to move forward, after receiving testimony from Sam Quinones, Dreamland: The True Tale of America’s Opiate Epidemic, Los Ange-les, California. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 8 public bills, H.R. 4272–4279 were introduced.
          Page H82 
Additional Cosponsors:                                   Pages H82–83 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 4577, to establish a working group to deter-mine ways to develop a domestic canine breeding network to produce high quality explosives detection canines, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–488); H.R. 4564, to require a threat assessment on cur-rent foreign terrorist fighter activities, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–489); H.R. 4567, to require a Department of Homeland Security overseas personnel enhancement plan, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–490); H.R. 4569, to require counterterrorism informa-tion sharing coordination, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–491); H.R. 4578, to authorize certain counter terrorist networks activities of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–492); H.R. 4581, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop best practices for utilizing ad-vanced passenger information and passenger name record data for counterterrorism screening and vet-ting operations, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–493); H.R. 4553, to require a review of the authoriza-tion, funding, management, and operation of the National Targeting Center and the Terrorist Screen-ing Center, and for other purposes, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 115–494, Part 1); H.R. 1486, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide funding to secure non-profit fa-cilities from terrorist attacks, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–495); H.R. 4433, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Under Secretary for Manage-ment of the Department of Homeland Security to achieve security of sensitive assets among the compo-nents of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–496); H.R. 4559, to conduct a global aviation security review, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–497); H.R. 4561, to provide for third party testing of transportation security screening technology, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–498); H.R. 4555, to authorize the participation in over-seas interagency counterterrorism task forces of per-sonnel of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–499); H.R. 4519, to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to repeal certain disclosure requirements re-lated to resource extraction, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–500); H.R. 4475, to provide for the establishment of the National Volcano Early Warning and Moni-toring System, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–501); H.R. 4568, to amend the Geothermal Steam Act of 1970 to promote timely exploration for geo-thermal resources under geothermal leases, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–502); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:12 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09JA8.REC D09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D21 January 9, 2018 
H. Res. 681, providing for consideration of the bill (S. 140) to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund (H. Rept. 115–503); and H. Res. 682, providing for consideration of the bill (S. 139) to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and pre-vent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–504).
    Pages H81–82 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Marshall to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                Page H21 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:06 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                                  Page H28 
Member Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-resentative Tiberi, wherein he resigned as Represent-ative for the Twelfth Congressional District of Ohio, effective at 5 p.m. on Monday, January 15, 2018. 
                                                                                                Page H29 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Domestic Explosives Detection Canine Capacity Building Act: H.R. 4577, amended, to establish a working group to determine ways to develop a do-mestic canine breeding network to produce high quality explosives detection canines;
           Pages H32–34 
Security Assessment Feasibility for Equipment Testing and Evaluation of Capabilities for our Homeland Act: H.R. 4561, amended, to provide for third party testing of transportation security screen-ing technology;
                                                       Pages H36–38 
Securing American Non-Profit Organizations Against Terrorism Act: H.R. 1486, amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to pro-vide funding to secure non-profit facilities from ter-rorist attacks;
                                                           Pages H38–40 
Global Aviation System Security Reform Act of 2017: H.R. 4559, amended, to conduct a global aviation security review;
                                     Pages H41–43 
Cyber Vulnerability Disclosure Reporting Act: H.R. 3202, to require the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity to submit a report on cyber vulnerability dis-closures;
                                                                      Pages H43–46 
Department of Homeland Security Interagency Counterterrorism Task Force Act: H.R. 4555, amended, to authorize the participation in overseas interagency counterterrorism task forces of personnel of the Department of Homeland Security; 
                                                                                        Pages H46–47 Post-Caliphate Threat Assessment Act of 2017: H.R. 4564, to require a threat assessment on current foreign terrorist fighter activities, by a 
2⁄3yea-and- nay vote of 413 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 3;
                                                                Pages H47, H62–63 
Counterterrorism Information Sharing Improve-ment Act: H.R. 4569, to require counterterrorism information sharing coordination;
                 Pages H48–49 
Screening and Vetting Passenger Exchange Act: H.R. 4581, to require the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity to develop best practices for utilizing ad-vanced passenger information and passenger name record data for counterterrorism screening and vet-ting operations, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 415 yeas to 1 nay, Roll No. 4;
                 Pages H49–50, H63–64 
Securing Department of Homeland Security Firearms Act: H.R. 4433, amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security to achieve security of sensitive assets among the components of the Department of Homeland Security;
                                              Pages H50–51 
Supporting the rights of the people of Iran to free expression, condemning the Iranian regime for its crackdown on legitimate protests: H. Res. 676, supporting the rights of the people of Iran to free expression, condemning the Iranian regime for its crackdown on legitimate protests, by a 
2⁄3yea-and- nay vote of 415 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 2; 
                                                                              Pages H51–57, H62 
Taiwan Travel Act: H.R. 535, to encourage vis-its between the United States and Taiwan at all lev-els; and
                                                                        Pages H57–59 
Directing the Secretary of State to develop a strategy to regain observer status for Taiwan in the World Health Organization: H.R. 3320, to di-rect the Secretary of State to develop a strategy to regain observer status for Taiwan in the World Health Organization.
                                           Pages H59–62 
Suspensions—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measures under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. Department of Homeland Security Overseas Per-sonnel Enhancement Act: H.R. 4567, amended, to require a Department of Homeland Security overseas personnel enhancement plan; and
                 Pages H34–36 
Counter Terrorist Network Act: H.R. 4578, to authorize certain counter terrorist networks activities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection.
   Pages H40–41 
Senate Referral: S. 1425 was referred to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Natural Resources.
                        Page H80 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:12 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09JA8.REC D09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD22 January 9, 2018 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate today appears on page H28. Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H62, H62–63, and H63–64. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 7:27 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
CHINA’S PURSUIT OF EMERGING AND EXPONENTIAL TECHNOLOGIES Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-ing Threats and Capabilities held a hearing entitled ‘‘China’s Pursuit of Emerging and Exponential Tech-nologies’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. DOE MODERNIZATION: ADVANCING DOE’S MISSION FOR NATIONAL, ECONOMIC, AND ENERGY SECURITY OF THE UNITED STATES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Energy held a hearing entitled ‘‘DOE Modernization: Advancing DOE’s Mission for National, Economic, and Energy Security of the United States’’. Testi-mony was heard from the following Department of Energy officials: Dan Brouillette, Deputy Secretary; Mark Menezes, Under Secretary of Energy; Paul Dabbar, Under Secretary for Science; Frank Klotz, Under Secretary for Nuclear Security, and Adminis-trator, National Nuclear Security Administration; Thomas Zacharia, Director, Oak Ridge National Laboratory; and public witnesses. EVALUATING CFIUS: CHALLENGES POSED BY A CHANGING GLOBAL ECONOMY Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Evaluating CFIUS: Challenges Posed by a Changing Global Economy’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Fi-nancial Institutions and Consumer Credit held a hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Proposals for a More Ef-ficient Federal Financial Regulatory Regime: Part III’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. ON THE LINE: BORDER SECURITY FROM AN AGENT AND OFFICER PERSPECTIVE Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security held a hearing entitled ‘‘On the Line: Border Security from an Agent and Officer Perspective. Testimony was heard from pub-lic witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee On Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Federal Lands held a hearing on H.R. 4532, the ‘‘Shash Ja´National Monument and Indian Creek Na-tional Monument Act’’. Testimony was heard from Representative Curtis; Gary R. Herbert, Governor, Utah; and public witnesses. TO AMEND THE WHITE MOUNTAIN APACHE TRIBE WATER RIGHTS QUANTIFICATION ACT OF 2010 TO CLARIFY THE USE OF AMOUNTS IN THE WMAT SETTLEMENT FUND; RAPID DNA ACT OF 2017 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on S. 140, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund; and S. 139, the ‘‘Rapid DNA Act of 2017’’ [FISA Amendments Reauthorization Act of 2017]. The Committee granted, by record vote of 7–3, a closed rule for S. 140. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided among and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce and the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–54 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. The Com-mittee granted, by record vote of 6–3, a structured rule for S. 139. The rule provides one hour of debate with 40 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence, and 20 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–53 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule makes in order only the further amendment printed in the Rules Committee report, if offered by the Member designated in the report, which shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:12 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09JA8.REC D09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D23 January 9, 2018 
divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the ques-tion. The rule waives all points of order against the amendment printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to commit with or without instructions. Testimony was heard from Representatives LaMalfa, Rokita, Scott of Virginia, Moore, Nunes, Schiff, Amash, Himes, Davidson, Lofgren, Farenthold, Nad-ler, and Poe of Texas. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 10, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-ings to examine America’s water infrastructure needs and challenges, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Kurt D. Engelhardt, of Louisiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, Barry W. Ashe, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana, Howard C. Nielson, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the District of Utah, and James R. Sweeney II, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Southern District of Indiana, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
House 
Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Department of Defense Update on the Financial Improvement and Audit Remediation (FIAR) Plan’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Mone-tary Policy and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘A Further Exam-ination of Federal Reserve Reform Proposals’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Sanctions and Financial Pressure: Major Na-tional Security Tools’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, hearing entitled ‘‘Upcoming Elections in the Western Hemi-sphere: Implications for U.S. Policy’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Ray-burn. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, ratification of subcommittee assignments; markup on H.R. 506, the ‘‘Preventing Crimes Against Veterans Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 219, the ‘‘Swan Lake Hydroelectric Project Boundary Correction Act’’; H.R. 801, the ‘‘Route 66 Na-tional Historic Trail Designation Act’’; H.R. 1220, to es-tablish the Adams Memorial Commission to carry out the provisions of Public Law 107–62, and for other purposes; H.R. 2711, the ‘‘National Memorial to Fallen Educators Act’’; H.R. 3133, the ‘‘Streamlining Environmental Ap-provals Act of 2017’’; and S. 117, the ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak Designation Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Long-worth. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 4675, the ‘‘Low Dose Radiation Research Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Opportunity, hearing entitled ‘‘Home Loan Churn-ing Practices and How Veteran Homebuyers are Being Affected’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:12 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09JA8.REC D09JAPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD24 January 9, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, January 10 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Thomas Lee Robinson Parker, of Tennessee, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 2:30 p.m. Following disposition of the nomination of Thomas Lee Robinson Parker, Senate will vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on the nomination of Michael Lawrence Brown, of Georgia, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, January 10 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of S. 140—To amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund (Subject to a Rule). Con-sideration of S. 139—FISA Amendments Reauthorization Act of 2017 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extension of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Babin, Brian, Tex., E13 Bera, Ami, Calif., E14 Carbajal, Salud O., Calif., E16 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E17 Crist, Charlie, Fla., E14 Diaz-Balart, Mario, Fla., E13 Dunn, Neal P., Fla., E16 Fitzpatrick, Brian K., Pa., E14 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E15 Jenkins, Lynn, Kans., E16 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E17 Kilmer, Derek, Wash., E19 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E16 Loudermilk, Barry, Ga., E17 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E17 Poe, Ted, Tex., E13 Posey, Bill, Fla., E15 Rohrabacher, Dana, Calif., E19 Rouzer, David, N.C., E14 Schneider, Bradley Scott, Ill., E13 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E14 Tiberi, Patrick J., Ohio, E17 Valadao, David G., Calif., E16 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E16 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:12 Jan 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D09JA8.REC D09JAPT1