Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6777 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 11, 2018 No. 169 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Friday, October 12, 2018, at 9:30 a.m. 
Senate 
THURSDAY , OCTOBER 11, 2018 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, who has given us life, we praise You that Your tender mer-cies are over all Your work. Today, may we represent the glory of Your kingdom on Capitol Hill, living in a way that will glorify Your Name. Thank you that the work you have given our lawmakers and those who labor with them is crucial for our Na-tion’s future. Lord, uphold our Sen-ators with Your might, surrounding them with the shield of Your grace as You provide for their needs. Deliver them from impatience, irritability, and anger, as You keep them from the self-ishness that can see only its point of view. Help them to reflect Your grace, purity, and love. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH). The majority leader is recognized. HURRICANE MICHAEL Mr. MCCONNELL. Madam President, Hurricane Michael made landfall along the Florida Panhandle. This storm has already claimed multiple lives and left the gulf coast communities wounded by surging waters and high winds. As Mi-chael continues inland, those left in its wake can count on the Senate’s sup-port for responsive recovery efforts and trust in our continued prayers. We re-main grateful for the vigilance of first responders and emergency prepared-ness organizations as they work to keep residents of affected communities safe and for all of those who will help to rebuild after the storm has passed. 
f 
POLITICAL CLIMATE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Now, Madam President, on an entirely different mat-ter, with the bipartisan progress the Senate has made this week, it is hard to believe what was happening just a few days ago right inside this Capitol and right outside the building. It is hard to believe it was less than a week ago that far-left protesters were lit-erally storming the steps of the Capitol and the Supreme Court, running my colleagues out of public places and at-tempting to shout over their voices right here in the Senate Chamber. Of course, it didn’t work. The Senate stood tall and did the right thing. The far left isn’t done yet. If we take them at their word, this may have only been the warmup act. Here is the ad-vice former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton gave to her fellow Democrats just a few days ago. She said: ‘‘If we are fortunate enough to win back the House and/or the Senate, that’s when civility can start again.’’ ‘‘That’s when civility can start again,’’ she said, when they win back the House and/or the Senate. Just yesterday, we saw President Obama’s Attorney General Eric Holder offer his own version of a slogan made famous by our former First Lady, Michelle Obama. This is Mr. Holder’s new vision for civil discourse. Here is how the former Attorney General of the United States urged Democrats to treat the other side. He said: Michelle always says, ‘‘When they go low, we go high.’’ No. No. When they go low, we kick ’em. 
He said: 
When they go low, we kick ’em. That’s what this new Democratic Party is about. 
The ‘‘new Democratic Party,’’ he said. Remember, these comments come less than a year and a half after Repub-lican Members of the House and Senate were literally shot at by a politically crazed gunman. Our colleagues were nearly killed just a few minutes from the Capitol. In just these past days, there have been graphic death threats, Senators and staff have needed extraor-dinary police protection, and the Democrats are calling for more incivil-ity and more rage? They are calling for more incivility and more rage? There isn’t a firmer defender of the First Amendment than I. It is vital that citizens be heard. Americans with strong opinions on both sides of last week’s debate spoke up in a civil and respectful way, and our Nation was better for it. But only one side—only 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.000 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6778 October 11, 2018 
one side—was happy to play host to this toxic fringe behavior. Only one side’s leaders are now openly calling for more of it. They haven’t seen enough. They want more. I am afraid this is only phase 1 of the meltdown. We are already seeing des-perate voices on the far left explain that, well, because they lost this fight, even more drastic steps are in order. There is crazy talk—crazy talk— about impeaching Justice Kavanaugh. There are left-wing writers demanding that Democrats pack the Court—a zombie idea from the 1930s they have dug up just in time for Halloween. How about this: One columnist for a national newspaper called the result a coup—a coup—and implied that the Founders got it wrong and designed the Senate incorrectly. They want to re-write the Constitution? The Founding Fathers got it wrong? Handling defeat badly is one thing, but regretting the Constitution itself because you don’t like how a vote turned out—really? This is something else. But I guess it is not entirely surprising given the out-right embrace by many on the left, in-cluding elected officials, of radical con-cepts like open borders and socialism. Anyone who thinks that intimidation and scare tactics might rule the day must have missed the Senate’s vote last Saturday. Maybe they weren’t tuned in. This body will not let un-hinged tactics replace reasoned judg-ment. We will not let mob behavior drown out all the Americans who want to legitimately participate in the pol-icymaking process on all sides. The Senate, I assure you, will not be in-timidated. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, on an entirely different matter, yester-day the Senate passed broad, bipar-tisan legislation to maintain our Na-tion’s waterways and drinking water systems. Now we are turning back to the personnel business and confirming more of the President’s qualified nomi-nees to important executive branch po-sitions. We voted yesterday to advance the nomination of Jeffrey Clark to serve as Assistant Attorney General for the En-vironment and Natural Resources Divi-sion. Mr. Clark’s qualifications include several years of prior service as Deputy Assistant Attorney General in that same position. He has also built a strong reputation in the private sector as a leading litigator with subject-mat-ter expertise in administrative law. Mr. Clark’s legal colleagues describe him as ‘‘one of the most capable lawyers with whom [they] have ever worked.’’ No fewer than seven former Assistant Attorneys General for the Environ-ment and Natural Resources Division tell the Senate that his well-rounded background and prior experience in the division make him an excellent choice for this position. After we confirm Mr. Clark, we will consider another Assistant Attorney General nominee, Eric Dreiband, for the Civil Rights Division. Mr. Dreiband is also well prepared to serve. His re-sume includes several stints of public service, including as general counsel of the EEOC, in addition to private sector experience. Others have praised his service at the EEOC as ‘‘widely re-spected,’’ ‘‘in the highest rung of the Agency’s general counsels,’’ and a ‘‘record of superlative performance.’’ Those who have worked with Mr. Dreiband emphasize his strong commit-ment to protecting all Americans’ civil rights. In the words of one leader who is known and worked hard with the nomi-nee for 15 years, ‘‘his commitment to fairly enforcing the law is without question.’’ After Dreiband will come James Stewart, the President’s choice to serve as Secretary of Defense for Man-power and Reserve Affairs. Mr. Stew-art’s experience managing military manpower runs deep through his dis-tinguished career at the U.S. Air Force, from which he retired as a major general. He has most recently served on the North Carolina Military Affairs Com-mission and on the Secretary of De-fense’s Reserve Forces Policy Board. Each of these nominees deserves con-firmation, and I would urge our col-leagues to approve all of them. f 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, it has been more than 9 months since Republicans passed the most sweeping tax reform in a generation. Here are just a few of the economic headlines we have seen since it took effect: con-sumer confidence at an 18-year high, faster year-on-year wage growth than at any point since 2009, and the lowest national unemployment since 1969—al-most 50 years ago. Behind all of these numbers are mid-dle-class families whose lives are changing for the better, and the effects are reaching all kinds of commu-nities—even the places most neglected for nearly a decade by the Obama ad-ministration’s so-called recovery. After years of investment and job creation being disproportionately con-centrated in the biggest metropolitan areas, 2018 has been a different story. So far this year, it has been smaller and rural communities—smaller and rural communities—that have led the Nation in relative job growth. Out across the heartland, empty store-fronts and stagnant local economies are giving way to vibrant trans-formation and new opportunities. So when we hear that States like Missouri are thriving again on the watch of the Republicans’ pro-growth, pro-opportunity agenda, it really shouldn’t come as a surprise. It shouldn’t surprise us that Missouri’s statewide unemployment rate has reached its lowest level since 2000—the lowest unemployment in 18 years. News like this will not surprise any-one who has been listening to the ac-counts of Missourians, like Mary Beth Hartman, who runs a small construc-tion company in Springfield. She says the new tax law has given her the flexi-bility to expand vacations and bonuses for her employees and invest half a million dollars in new equipment. Or Brandon Pister—he used his tax reform bonus to help his family cover medical expenses and put money into savings. The junior Senator from Missouri can be proud that he voted for the his-toric policies that helped unleash all of this good news. It is a shame that his colleague, the senior Senator from Mis-souri, chose to vote in lockstep with Senate Democrats and try to block tax reform from taking effect. Republicans will keep sharing suc-cess stories like these from Missouri and keep helping the American people write more. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
HURRICANE RECOVERY Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, let me say to the people of Florida, Geor-gia, and everyone else affected by Hur-ricane Michael that our thoughts and hearts are with you. Having worked and lived through the recovery of Hur-ricane Sandy in my home State of New York, I remember vividly the anguish of families who lost their homes and businesses the day or two after and then realizing it took years for areas of New York and Long Island to recover. We are still in the process of recov-ering. I know, A, your pain and suf-fering and, B, the challenges that await you. So we hope everyone stays safe as the storm passes through the country. We know that Americans and the Senate will pull together, as they always do, to help one another build and recover. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, this year has seen a huge number of powerful storms and hurricanes both on the Atlantic seaboard and in the gulf. Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, Maria, Florence, and now Michael have wrought severe damages. According to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11OC6.001 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6779 October 11, 2018 
NOAA, 2017 was the most expensive year on record for disasters in the United States. At some point, we have to acknowledge that the intensity of these storms is much greater than in past years and is a symptom of chang-ing climate. Climate change is real. It is being driven by human activity. It is hap-pening right now. These are facts. They are not in dispute. Our scientists know it, our businesses know it, the world knows it, and the American people know it. But too many Senators on the other side of the aisle just put their heads in the sand. It costs us more and more and more. We are not going to leave these people high and dry, but if we would do more on climate change, we would have fewer of these hurri-canes and other types of storms. Everyone knows that, except a few. Why? Why don’t they admit the truth? Maybe there are two words that ex-plain it: oil industry. Just this week the U.N. released a re-port on climate change, saying that the world has only a short time— maybe a little more than a decade—to get a handle on carbon emissions. So far, the current administration has done nothing but move the issue back-ward. It is amazing that we, the lead-ing country that is supposed to be the moral force—the economic, political, and military leader—are the ones who pull out of the Paris climate accords, and then the administration has been repealing environmental protection after protection. So while we are thinking about the people of Florida, Georgia, South Caro-lina, and North Carolina and everyone in Hurricane Michael’s path, let’s re-member we are running out of time to do something about climate change. The kinds of storms we are seeing now will only increase if this body con-tinues to keep its head in the sand ostrichlike and ignore the scientific re-alities. 
f 
HEALTHCARE Mr. SCHUMER. Now, on another matter—healthcare—yesterday, 50 of my Republican colleagues voted against ensuring protections for people with preexisting conditions—people with asthma and cancer, people with diabetes and all kinds of gynecological problems. Republican Senators sided with the Trump administration to ex-pand the ability of insurance compa-nies to sell cutrate, junk insurance to Americans—to dupe Americans. These plans will destabilize the healthcare market and raise the cost of insurance for people with preexisting conditions who may end up being priced out of in-surance altogether. Let me say that again. Republicans yesterday voted to let insurance com-panies offer junk insurance plans that don’t cover essential health benefits, allowing them to nickel-and-dime pa-tients out of the medical care they de-serve. Our constituents—Democrats, Repub-licans, north, west, east, and south— say they want better healthcare at a lower cost, and what do Republicans do? They offer worse healthcare cov-erage at a higher cost, ultimately, to people, because the plans don’t cover anything and then you have to pay out of your pocket. What did they do it in the name of? Freedom. Freedom. This is like the 1890s. Who is going to have freedom? The insurance companies, the big shots. Who is going to have no freedom from illness and disease? Average folks. It is terrible thinking, once again siding with big, powerful special interests, not the average person. The only people who want these junk insurance plans are two groups—the in-surance companies and the rightwing ideologues who believe the government shouldn’t be in healthcare at all. They want to cut Medicare. They want to cut Medicaid. They want to cut Social Security. That is who it is. So let us remember that the junk in-surance plans are hardly worth the paper they are printed on. They lure consumers in with low premiums, but the deductibles are so high, the copays are so high, and the coverage so skimpy that the plans hardly offer any benefit to the consumer at all. While every Republican save one voted to hand the keys to the insur-ance companies, every single Demo-crat—every single Democrat—stood up to the sabotage from the Trump admin-istration and voted to not allow the ex-pansion of junk insurance across Amer-ica. I warn my colleagues that these are the kinds of issues that voters remem-ber come election time. Healthcare is the No. 1 issue in America to the broad majority of voters. The American peo-ple will head to the polls in November and ask themselves: Which party will defend the people’s right to quality healthcare? Which party will not? The answer to that question could not be clearer. Democrats have spent the past 2 years offering several plans to reduce the cost of healthcare while maintaining or increasing the quality, while President Trump and Repub-licans in Congress have done nothing but drive costs up and quality down in obeisance to the big special interests— the insurance industry. They have tried to repeal the healthcare law. They have tried to gut Medicaid, eliminate healthcare for mil-lions of Americans, and put the insur-ers back in charge. They have elimi-nated the program to help low- and middle-income Americans afford insur-ance and, worst of all, Republican at-torneys general—including two run-ning for the Senate, one in Missouri and one in West Virginia—are suing, as we speak, to eliminate protections for Americans with preexisting conditions. These actions are undergirded by a belief on the other side of the aisle that the American people just don’t deserve help affording adequate healthcare. Re-publicans have believed, continue to believe, and have acted on, unfortu-nately, that insurance companies should rule the roost, just as in the 1890s. The consequences are severe. As a result of the Republican healthcare agenda, premiums are up by double digits in several States and quality is down. As a result of the Re-publican healthcare agenda, Americans are paying more and getting less. I say to the American people that in a few short weeks you will have a choice. You can vote for 2 more years of healthcare sabotage from a Repub-lican Congress, more attempts at re-pealing the healthcare law, more pre-mium increases and uncertainty, more actions that undermine protections for patients with preexisting conditions or the American people can vote to flip the script and support Democratic can-didates who will not only protect the care that Americans have today but who will work every single day to make it better. I yield the floor. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Jeffrey Bossert Clark, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Attorney General. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. 
FAA/CONSUMER PROTECTIONS  
Mr. BLUNT. Madam President, I think by any standard, as we conclude this Congress, the House and Senate, working together, have put more legis-lation on the President’s desk that has long-term impact than at any time in a long time, whether it was the opioid legislation or healthcare research fund-ing. I want to talk a little bit today about the Federal Aviation Administration extension that, just last week, the Sen-ate passed and the President signed. I believe the 5-year reauthorization is the longest reauthorization since the 1980s. So the traveling public, the FAA itself, the Department of Transpor-tation, and the airline carriers of both people and freight have an under-standing of what the next 5 years should look like. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11OC6.003 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6780 October 11, 2018 
One of the things that will happen during the time that begins right now—the Senate and the House lis-tened and the President listened to the traveling public about their concerns about what happens on airplanes and in airports. This is a bill that I worked on in the Aviation Subcommittee, along with Senator C
ANTWELL , Senator T
HUNE , and Senator N ELSON . We worked for almost 2 years to get this bill to where it was when the President signed it, to address the safety, secu-rity, and comfort of the traveling pub-lic. In the wake of consumer complaints about the shrinking seat size on air-planes, the law directs the FAA to set minimum legroom standards and width and length requirements for airline seat size to ensure passenger comfort and safety. I think all of us have had some experience with seeing seats get smaller all the time. Like every other Member of the Senate, when I am fly-ing back and forth every week, usually in one of those coach seats, somebody says: I thought you came back and forth on a private plane. Actually, only a few Members—maybe less than a handful—are able to do that. Most of us fly just like everybody else does, with no particular benefit. But you can sense those seats getting a little small-er and the legroom getting a little tighter. We have given new responsi-bility for the FAA to set standards, so the traveling public knows somebody is paying attention to them and how long they are going to be in that seat and what it is going to be like when they are there. We also have a provision that you can’t take somebody off an airplane once they have been allowed to board because you somehow oversold. If somebody is on that plane, they can’t be taken off that plane unless they agree to be taken off that plane or the passenger acts in a way that the safety and security and the health of other passengers could be a problem. So there is no more involuntarily bumping of passengers who are on a plane. The law prohibits placing live ani-mals in overhead compartments. More and more people seem to travel with pets, and people have had bad experi-ences with that in the last few years. So overhead storage is not appropriate storage any longer for your pet if you are traveling with a pet. It also sets minimum standards for service animals that are allowed on flights. We all see that more all the time, too—a pet not in a cage but im-portant to the individual who has a service animal. Many veterans now have a service animal. There are now standards on what that animal can be and how it has to behave on a plane. It bans in-flight cell calls. If you have ever sat by somebody before the plane takes off and learned way more about them than you want to know, you can imagine what it would be like if you had to learn way more about them based on every call they could make all the time you were flying. So that is not going to happen. The next time you are on the ground and some-body continues to talk until they are told they can’t do that any longer, just be grateful that can’t continue once the plane gets in the air for the whole time of the flight, which would tech-nically have been allowed with Wi-Fi or whatever allowed that phone to be connected. That is not going to be the case now. Airline fees have changed. I don’t like airline fees. Most people don’t like airline fees. But if you pay a fee and you don’t get the service—if you pay for a seat assignment that doesn’t work out to be the kind of seat you paid for or early boarding, and that didn’t happen or baggage that somehow wasn’t handled the way your special fee was charged—the airlines now have to keep track of that and get you that money back as soon as they reasonably can or face a penalty. The law requires air carriers to sub-mit to the Department of Transpor-tation a one-page summary of pas-sengers’ rights, including compensa-tion for flight delays, cancellations, and mishandled bags. Every airline has to have that available for you to look at. By the way, the Department of Transportation is going to have a Con-sumer Aviation Advocate. There will now be somebody at the Department of Transportation—it will be their job, their only job, to respond to you; they and their team will respond to you if you have had a problem on an airline and want to see what can be done about it. Provisions are included to address disability issues on planes, whether restrooms are accessible, whether any-thing happens that would harm a dis-abled passenger or damage their wheel-chair or the other aids they have. We have a 3-year reauthorization of the Transportation Security Adminis-tration. There are some real needs there in both TSA Precheck and TSA generally that are met with this. One of those needs is more access to dogs. We all see dogs in airports, but every study since 9/11—and there have been a lot of them—indicates that nothing is more effective than a dog for finding most of the things you are looking for. Some of us have gone through security lines lately where the line moves pret-ty fast, but a dog checks everybody in that line. We will see what happens there, but dogs generally are doing the kinds of things that need to be done. So whether it is the FAA Reauthor-ization Act or America’s Water Infra-structure Act, which we passed yester-day—I think the vote on that was 99 to 1, but that doesn’t mean it was easy to get it to the floor, and it doesn’t mean it normally gets done by a Congress. But that has happened as well. The insurance policies that Demo-crats voted to take away yesterday have been mentioned here this morn-ing. Those short-term health policies were available until the very last days of the Obama administration. I don’t know the reason the administration had to suddenly decide that it didn’t want that ability that several hundred thousand—maybe a couple of million— people had to get short-term coverage at a rate they could afford. For people in a job transition or something else, those were available that entire time. The Urban Institute says that 1.5 million people who otherwise would have no insurance will be able to have insurance under those short-term poli-cies. The policies under the Affordable Care Act are still available; they are still subsidized; they still do every-thing that is the maximum of ObamaCare. If that is what you want to have, particularly if you are subsidized in that marketplace, that is probably where you should be. But a lot of peo-ple aren’t, and a lot of people don’t have immediate access, and a lot of people are in transition. The Urban Institute is not normally seen as a conservative watchdog, but they said that 1.5 million people will have insurance with these policies, which will continue to be available for people who wouldn’t have insurance if they hadn’t have been. So you can say anything you want to say. You are en-titled to your own opinion, but you are not entitled to your own facts, and I think the facts on the vote we took this week on those short-term policies are pretty clear. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. Mr. ISAKSON. Madam President, I want to acknowledge what Senator B
LUNT just said about the success of this Congress over the last 2 years. It has been remarkable. What they did on FAA is tremendous. I enjoyed working with them on that. But I want to rise and talk about our veterans and what we have done for our veterans and what we need to do for our veterans. Before I do, my State of Georgia had a tough day and a tough night last night. The hurricane hit about 10 o’clock last night. Unfortunately, we lost one 11-year-old with a tree crash-ing through the roof. The Governor has declared a state of emergency for 108 of our 159 counties. We have 1,500 Na-tional Guard troops activated and ready to deploy if needed to help law enforcement, emergency medical, and hospitals to see to it that we meet the needs of the people in our State. There is a lot of search and rescue going on. We are blessed that a lot of things didn’t happen, but we were certainly hurt by those that did. For families who have lost property and families who need help, our sym-pathy is with them, and we are taking action. GEMA and FEMA are working hard. Governor Deal is working ex-tremely hard. We have recovered a cou-ple of times already in the last 5 years from hurricanes, and we will do it again. But on behalf of myself, Senator P
ERDUE , and the United States Senate, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11OC6.004 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6781 October 11, 2018 
I send our best wishes to our people back in Georgia and also to our people in South Carolina, North Carolina, and Florida. Florida was hit worse last night. But now the storm has passed Atlanta and is going over South Caro-lina, and then North Carolina, which just came back from almost the worst storm in history, in which we had 48 inches of rainfall in one county. I couldn’t believe that much water fell in one day, but it did. They are recov-ering and doing it nicely. They have done a good job. But all of us know these acts of nature and acts of God we have gone through affect our citizens, and we need to keep them safe. I urge all of our citizens in Georgia and in every State in the Union to play close attention to what their Federal emer-gency management people say. If they tell them to evacuate, they should. If they tell them to hunker down, they should. They should do whatever they can to follow the rules the best they can. Everybody we have to rescue takes a law enforcement officer and a medical person out of play to help somebody else. 
VETERANS  
Madam President, as chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I have the honor of representing the U.S. Sen-ate to our veterans and responding, along with the House committee chaired by Chairman R
OEof Tennessee, on veterans’ issues. All of us are for veterans. There is one place you never have an argument on appropriations, and that is for veterans. We don’t have partisan arguments about veterans ei-ther. On the battlefield, you don’t see Democratic veterans or Republican veterans; you see American veterans. We are all for the veterans. We have had some great successes with our veterans, but we have had some failures over the last decades. Sometimes they are on the front page of the newspaper, most recently last week when the hospital ratings came out. Two of the three hospitals serv-icing my State fell from three stars to one star, which meant they failed in their performance for our veterans, and we want to work to see that improve. But we also want everybody to un-derstand how big the problem is, what we have done the last 2 years to ad-dress the problem, and what is coming soon for all of us, which I think is good news for everybody. First of all, starting 2 years ago, Sen-ator T
ESTER , the ranking member on the committee, and I sat down and made a pledge that we were going to work together from the beginning to address the tough issues that had been put behind the backdoor for a long time and hadn’t been dealt with. We have done that. In fact, we have tack-led every single one of them, except one that we are going to tackle in a couple of weeks. In so doing, we have helped our veterans. We had the help of the President as well. President Trump embraced our committee’s work from the beginning. We had to find a new Secretary be-cause the old Secretary resigned, and we worked hard to do that. We had a few bumps in the road. The President gave us his full support. Robert Wilkie, who is the new Secretary of the VA, is a terrific guy. He has a family history in the military. He loves the VA and worked for DOD, or the Department of Defense, which is the precursor in working for the VA if you are a vet-eran, because you have to be in DOD first to be a veteran, second. In fact, Robert Wilkie is a godsend for us. In a few short weeks, he has already proven to be a big help for our veterans. He is not unwilling to tackle the hard prob-lems. In fact, he is willing to tackle them. Interoperative software for medical information has been a problem at the VA for years. The DOD and VA soft-ware didn’t talk to each other. We have a guy who left the battle-field in Afghanistan, came back to Georgia, and went to Fort Benning. He decided to leave the military and retire and go into veteran status, and we couldn’t get his records transferred from Active Duty to veteran status be-cause we didn’t have interoperable software. We didn’t have a way to do it. This committee worked hard. We de-veloped the largest contract in history with Cerner, a great software company. Cerner has a tremendous medical out-reach product, and they are now in-stalling that. Hopefully, over the next 15 years, we will have an interoperative system around the world that services our veterans who need medical service and have their records available in-stantaneously and immediately. We have a 20th century soldier in the battlefield, but we have a 15th century VA when it comes to information tech-nology. We have invested the money now with Cerner to put in the system, and we are going to get it done. I will stay on their back every day to see to it they do it. I appreciate the cooperation of the employees of the VA. I tell them, as I make these remarks, that we are going to see to it they have every bit of back-ing they can get from us. We had too many vacant spaces in the VA. We had too many ‘‘acting this’’ and ‘‘acting that.’’ I hate it when we appoint acting directors and acting bankers and act-ing soldiers. We don’t need them to act. We need them to take action. We will start to do that as soon as we fund the places that go vacant, where it hurts our veterans. I thank President Trump and Sec-retary Wilkie for their work and their support. It has been complete and seamless. We signed the VA MISSION Act in the Rose Garden a couple of weeks ago. The President came out and talked about his pride in the VA and what the veterans did for all of us and what he was going to do as President, as long as he was there, to see to it that he gave them at least the best of all of us like they have given us the best as veterans. President Trump has been a great leader for our VA, and he understands the problems and has been supportive of our trying to make the changes we want to make. Senator TESTER has been a great ranking member and a great partner with me on those things, and we made sure everything we did was bipartisan. To be honest with you, we passed 22 pieces of legislation and made 14 ap-pointments. We had one ‘‘no’’ vote on one bill. We had complete unanimity on the committee—Republicans and Democrats—all the way through be-cause we worked together, we set our goals, and we decided to make this work as seamlessly as our military works for us. Let me talk about a few of those things we have done because I think they are impressive when you look at them. We passed 22 pieces of legisla-tion, which include the VA MISSION Act, most recently passed a month ago. We redefined the mission and the ac-tions of the VA to see that it does ev-erything it needs to do to be a 20th cen-tury benefit program, like the new modern-day GI bill, which is a part of that. The new GI bill says the old rule in the VA that you have to use your VA benefits within 15 years or you lose them on education is gone. We all know people’s skills are changing about every 5 years or 6 years. If a per-son doesn’t keep up with their con-tinuing education, they are going to lose their job. They would lose their benefits because they have been in the VA 15 years. That is ridiculous. We re-moved that cap. Now they can take new courses and new training with their GI benefits for 25 years if they want to, if they are still eligible. We are not putting any time limit on it. There is no time limit on education. Education is the necessary product we have to use to produce the military of the 21st century. It used to be that we drafted our sol-diers. We can’t draft the soldiers any-more. The average draftee can’t oper-ate the type of equipment our men and women operate in the battlefield. You have to have people who understand technology, understand the STEM sub-jects, and are good with games. Video games is one of the biggest qualifica-tions now for pilots because all of our airplanes are like video games. It looks like Pac-Man when you get in the cockpit. It is because of high tech-nology, and they are training for that. We have to have an attractive job for them and attractive VA benefits for them if they want to come to work for the United States of America and stay with us, or else we will never be able to keep the military we have today as strong and powerful as it is. We also put a new law in on account-ability. I served in the National Guard, and I understand accountability. In the military, you really understand ac-countability. You don’t ask questions in the military. You give answers. If 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11OC6.005 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6782 October 11, 2018 
your drill sergeant tells you to do 20, you drop and you do 20. If you can’t do 20, you practice until you can and you get it right. That is what we have to do in the military because you don’t fight wars for people who say: I am not in-terested today; I am not going to fight. You have to know what we are doing and do it right. We have to do the same thing and provide services to those veterans once they leave. We don’t need to be casual about it. We need to be committed about it and make sure we are doing everything we can to see our veterans get the services they want, the services they need, and the information they need. Veterans Day is coming up in about 4 weeks. Every Veterans Day we are usu-ally here, but I don’t think we are going to be here on Veterans Day this year, if I understand the calendar right. I will be making speeches back home. Every year I have been here, I have made a speech on this floor about our veterans and how important they are to us. I try to point out a few peo-ple I have known in my lifetime who are veterans of the U.S. military and made a difference in my life forever. I talked about my friend Jack Cox, of the U.S. Marine Corps. He was killed by a sniper in Vietnam in 1968. He was my best friend. He volunteered. He came to the fraternity house. He was 2 years older than me. So I was still in school when he got out and graduated. After graduating, he went from the University of Georgia into the Marine Corps recruiting office and signed up for OCS. He went to Parris Island. From there, he went to Vietnam. On the 12th month of his 13-month assign-ment, he was, unfortunately, killed by a sniper in Vietnam. He went to Vietnam because he want-ed to represent his country, fight for his country, pay his price, and do his due diligence. Jack was a great man. I have a bracelet on—two, as a mat-ter of fact. One is a bracelet for Matt Cooper, a law enforcement officer who was killed a couple of weeks ago. The other one is for John McCain—John McCain, a former Member of this body, who a few weeks ago was buried at the Naval Academy, and his funeral was at the National Cathedral. He was a pilot in the Vietnam war and was captured. He was held captive by the North Viet-namese for 6 years. When he got out, he was badly wounded, badly injured, badly hurt. He came back to the mili-tary, rehabilitated himself, and went into the VA healthcare, and they reha-bilitated him from his broken arms, his broken back, and all the other prob-lems he had. He ran for the U.S. Sen-ate, came to the U.S. Senate, and was a star, as you know, in this Senate Chamber from the day he got in the Senate until the day he died. He had a pervasive commitment to his country. He was exactly for our country what I want all of us in the Senate to be for this body—committed to the job, com-mitted to the task, always ready, al-ways prepared. Marines are that way. The Army is that way. The Air Force is that way, and the Senate ought to be that way. We are committed that way to our veterans in what we do today. We also have to hold them account-able in the military. Accountability is important. Veterans want us to hold the VA accountable. That is why we put in the accountability bill, which, among other things, allows us to fire senior executives in the VA for not doing their job. You can’t do that in many government jobs. As a matter of fact, people were surprised that we were able to pass it, and we passed it bipartisan. It passed bipartisan because everybody knew if your job wasn’t sub-ject to your doing your job, you didn’t have accountability. The first person taken to court for violating the law by not doing their job was in Georgia. I saw to it we pros-ecuted that case and used our lawyers to be able to do it. I wanted people at the VA to know we are not going to take bad behavior—break-the-law be-havior—or bad attitudes in the VA. We are only going to give the best to our veterans. We have a number of title 38 veteran leaders who have been suspended, moved, or otherwise fired because they weren’t accountable for their job. We have some openings now that need to be filled because we got rid of them. We got rid of people who weren’t doing the job and put in people who did the job. In the military, your accountability is doing the job, and there are no excuses if you don’t. We have done a lot of other things to help our veterans and help our country. I commit that we will continue to do so and make sure this Congress is as help-ful and beneficial as we can. There are three quick things I want to talk about. I want to thank the pri-vate sector for its support of our vet-erans. Morehouse School of Medicine in Atlanta, GA, is helping the Atlanta VA now with our doctor shortage in the VA. Yes, we have a doctor shortage. We need the doctors to do the jobs. Some of these waiting times you have heard about from a lot of our veterans are not because we are making them wait because we are slow. We are making them wait because we don’t have enough doctors. We are working on joint ventures with medical schools to do so. Seventy-two percent of the doctors in the United States did a residency or an internship at the Veterans Administra-tion. It is the key training center of all our doctors, and we have to expand that and improve it. On the appeals process for benefits, there are people who are having to wait 2 and 3 years. We have one veteran whose case has been on appeal for 25 years. You can keep it on appeal as long as you file new information every year. He has found a way to file new in-formation for every year. For 25 years, he has been putting something new in his file. He is blocking other veterans who need to get their attention to get their service because he is making the line longer than it should be. We put an accountability on the Vet-erans’ Administration, as well, to see that our benefits are handled quickly and expeditiously and that the appeals are fair, and veterans can get an an-swer. We are cutting the average time of wait, and we are going to get it down to below half a year pretty soon. Pret-ty soon, we will have it as instanta-neous as you can make it. You shouldn’t have to wait to have a ben-efit paid if you didn’t wait to complete an order from the officer whom you worked for. Lastly, I want to thank Shepherd Center in Atlanta, GA. That is my hometown and my home State. Shep-herd takes the most seriously injured veterans in the United States who we no longer can help because we don’t have the expertise. They take them and help them. More often than not, they turn their lives around and make it where they can communicate, they can work, and they can do their job. In other words, the veterans are getting the best of care and the best of atten-tion because the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs in the Senate is giving 100 percent of their attention to them. I am proud of what we have done, proud of what the Senate has done, and I am proud of our military and proud of our country. I hope we continue doing in the Senate as we have always done: do our job, do it well, and support our country. May God bless the United States of America. I yield back. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NO INTERNMENT CAMPS ACT  
Mr. MERKLEY. Thank you, Mr. President. Today I rise to bring attention to the No Internment Camps Act. This is an important bill to make sure that America does not repeat the mistake of World War II and develop and expand internment camps here in the United States of America. One may think that this is some-thing that is farfetched, that of course the United States would not establish internment camps, but the fact is, we already have 3, and the House passed a bill to greatly expand those internment camps. We have 35 sponsors of a bill here in the Senate to expand intern-ment camps. We have the President issuing an Executive order asking Con-gress to expand internment camps. Re-cently, the President put forward a draft regulation to expand internment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11OC6.007 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6783 October 11, 2018 
camps without the consent of Congress. So it is all very real. Where did this story begin? It began, as far as public awareness, on May 7, when Attorney General Jeff Sessions gave a speech. He called this his zero- tolerance policy. I listened to the de-scription of the zero-tolerance policy on arresting people at the border, and I said: You know, when you take away the fancy rhetoric, it sounds like he has criminalized families who are flee-ing persecution from overseas. I thought, that is a pretty stunning situ-ation because we in America often look to Lady Liberty and the words in-scribed on the base or pedestal of Lady Liberty that say ‘‘Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearn-ing to breathe free.’’ The idea that our Attorney General is saying we are going to criminalize flight from persecution—and it was found, furthermore, that they were going to immediately throw adults into jail and rip away the children from their families. That is not possible. That is not possible here in the United States of America. So I arranged to go down to the bor-der. I went down on June 3 and visited the McAllen processing center. The McAllen processing center is a location that the press had never been allowed into, so they were stationed outside saying: What are you going to find in-side? What are you going to see? What is in there? I expressed surprise that the press here in America was excluded from this facility to see what was going on. I went in. I was given a tour. What I found was pretty shocking—a room in which huddled masses of families were shoved into wire link cages with noth-ing but an aluminum foil Mylar blan-ket. Then in an adjoining larger space, a warehouse space, we saw larger cages, 30-by-30 foot cages where fami-lies were being separated into fathers in one cage, mothers in another, daughters in a third, and sons in a fourth. I stood in front of one 30-by-30 foot chain link cage and said: These young boys, who are lining up by height to prepare for being fed; these young boys, with the smallest being just knee-high to a grasshopper, maybe 4 years old; these young boys have been separated from their parents? The answer was this: Well, Senator, not all of them. Some of them arrived unaccompanied. I said: But many of these boys in this cage were taken away from their par-ents? They said: Yes. I said: Well, where did that happen? They said: Well, we brought the fam-ily in that door over there, and then, with some explanation, we said, ‘‘We need to take your son away. We need to take your daughter away. We need to take your spouse away.’’ And they were locked up in these various locations inside that ware-house. So it turned out it was real. The ad-ministration was criminalizing a flight from persecution, a flight that our an-cestors know all too well, fleeing from civil war, from religious persecution, from famine to come here to the United States of America and see that beautiful, welcoming Statue of Lib-erty—‘‘Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free’’—but instead of that wel-coming embrace, prison for the parents and, quite frankly, prison for the chil-dren, separating them. I went from there up to Brownsville. I had been told by immigration advo-cates that many of these young men were being stuffed into a single build-ing up in Brownsville, a former Walmart run by a nonprofit called Southwest Key. I had asked permission to visit this location, and I had been told: No, no, no. You have to give 2 weeks’ advance notice. They had a waiver system, so I asked for a waiver to be able to see what was going on inside this former Walmart. The waiver was turned down. Clearly the administration did not want any Member of Congress to see what was going on inside that building. Since I was there in Texas, I drove up the road to Brownsville and said: Well, I will just call them up when I get there and say, ‘‘Surely you have enough members on your staff that one of them could come out and talk to me, or maybe one of them could give me a tour of what is inside.’’ When I arrived and walked up to the door of this former Walmart, there was a phone number posted on the front of it. I proceeded to call that phone num-ber and talk to the assistant to the su-pervisor of the facility. The assistant said: Yes, the supervisor would be happy to come out and talk to you. I waited 10 minutes. No supervisor appeared. I called again, and they said: Oh, no, the supervisor is on his way. Well, what the supervisor was really doing was waiting for the police to ar-rive. They called the police to come and arrest me. Very interesting—you are arrested for knocking on the door and asking to have a supervisor talk to you? Well, they didn’t arrest me. They hadn’t actually formally asked me to leave the property, but they certainly weren’t going to let me inside to see what was going on or even talk to me about what they were doing. The immigration advocates have said: We have heard a rumor that pos-sibly up to 1,000 young boys have been stuffed into that Walmart. I thought, that is not possible. As I was standing there and talking to the press, I re-peated that. I thought, I shouldn’t say this. I shouldn’t say this because that is so outlandish. Surely no administra-tion would try to stuff 1,000 boys into one building. So I was refused entry. I brought at-tention to this scandalous child-separa-tion strategy—this strategy of delib-erately inflicting trauma on children in order to send a political message. No one in the world can justify inflicting trauma on children to send a political message. It is not acceptable under any moral code. It is not acceptable under any religious tradition. But the dark heart of this administration had hatched this evil plan, and it was being implemented. I went back 2 weeks later, on June 14, and I went back with reinforcements— other Members of Congress. We went to that facility, and this time they grant-ed a waiver and said: Yes, you may see what is going on. They allowed the press in as well. So we went in for a tour. I asked ‘‘How many boys are here?’’ thinking, at most a couple hundred. They said: Well, we are now ready to put 1,500 boys in this facility, and we are one busload short of filling it. I think they said there were 1,467 residents in this one building. They took me out to the outside area, where they had set up a soccer field. They said: Isn’t this wonderful? We have a soccer field. Imagine how long it takes for nearly 1,500 young boys to circulate through a soccer field. They took me to a game room, and there was a broken Foosball machine. I thought, how long does it take 1,500 boys to circulate through a single bro-ken Foosball machine? Maybe there were a couple of them; I remember see-ing one. They were very proud that they had this soccer field and this game room. I said: You know, you expanded so fast. At the beginning of the year, how many boys did you have? They said: Well, we planned for 300. We had 300 bedrooms and 300 boys. They said that 2 months ago, they had increased to 500, and now they have 1,500 or almost 1,500. I asked: This rapid expansion—did you plan carefully for this? They said: Oh, yes. I said: Was there anything that you needed that you fell short on? The director of Southwest Key said: Yes. We don’t have mental health counselors, or at least we are short. I said: How many are you short? They said: Ninety mental health counselors. Ninety? Wow. That is a big shortfall. Realize that these boys were fleeing persecution from overseas. So they had experienced trauma in their lives abroad, they probably experienced trauma en route, and now they are ex-periencing the trauma of being ripped away from their families and shuttled off to this warehouse. Yet there was no plan to have the mental health coun-selors needed for this population. This is one feature of the incompetence and callousness of this administration in implementing this policy. Public outcry was significant. I thank all Americans who participated in that public outcry, saying that this is not our America—criminalizing a flight from persecution, locking people up while they await asylum hearings— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11OC6.023 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6784 October 11, 2018 
that is not our America and you must stop. The courts said the same thing because it is actually illegal to lock up children for more than 20 days under the Flores consent agreement. So President Trump sent a message. He sent an Executive order titled ‘‘Af-fording Congress an Opportunity to Ad-dress Family Separation.’’ Oh, how nice. The President is giving us an op-portunity to address family separation. And what did the President ask for in that Executive order? He asked for us to pass a law to overrule the Flores consent agreement and allow the ad-ministration to establish family in-ternment camps. Imagine—family in-ternment camps here in the United States. That is what the President was asking for, that is exactly what the House of Representatives passed, and that is exactly what 35 Members of this body have signed on to cosponsor—fam-ily internment camps in the United States of America. That is absolutely wrong, it is absolutely unacceptable, and it is absolutely unneeded. You may say: Wait. You are saying that the children shouldn’t be sepa-rated from their parents and that you shouldn’t lock up families together, so what do you propose, Senator M
ERKLEY ? What do you propose that we do? Well, the answer is, we had a very good program. It was called the Family Case Management Program. This Fam-ily Case Management Program said that when a family comes and is seek-ing asylum, they will be placed into the community and they will have in-tensive case management with some-body who speaks and writes their lan-guage, an individual who is in contin-uous contact with them, who makes sure they know exactly when their check-ins are and how to attend them and who knows exactly when the court hearing is and how to get to those court hearings. So I wondered, did this work? How well did this program work? It turns out that there is an inspector general report from Homeland Security that came out—I think the date was Novem-ber 30, 2017. Here is what the inspector general found: ‘‘According to ICE, over-all program compliance for all five re-gions is an average of 99 percent for ICE check-ins and appointments, as well as 100 percent attendance at court hearings.’’ So 100 percent—you can’t get better than that. The Family Case Management Program—the inspector general under this administration said that there was 100 percent attendance at court hearings. So if you hear a Member of the Senate say ‘‘Well, we are concerned about this catch-and-re-lease because people don’t show up for their hearings,’’ that is a lie. That is inaccurate. That is inaccurate. If you hear the President saying, well, we are going to lock families up if they don’t appear for their court hearings, that is inac-curate. That is a lie. The inspector gen-eral of this administration found 100 percent attendance at court hearings. Fortunately, Members of this body have come to their senses and rejected the language from the House estab-lishing internment camps, expanding them, authorizing them. Fortunately, Members of the Senate have come to their senses and abandoned their ef-fort—for now, at least—to establish permission, authorization, and funding for internment camps, as well they should because it doesn’t fit the vision of America: a nation where most of us are the children of immigrants, if not immigrants ourselves; a nation where in our family tree we have individuals who fled persecution, religious persecu-tion, who fled famine, who fled conflict to be welcomed by the vision of the Statue of Liberty. The story, unfortunately, doesn’t end here. The President has now issued a draft regulation. That draft regulation says we in the executive branch are granting ourselves the authority to es-tablish internment camps without per-mission or direction from Congress. Are you kidding me? A lengthy regu-lation designed to authorize them-selves, without Congress acting, to es-tablish family internment camps is to-tally out of sync with the traditions of America, with the values of America, or the law as it exists under the Flores consent agreement. Let me put this as simply as I can: Children belong in homes and play-grounds and schools. They don’t belong behind barbed wire. I will fight as fiercely as I possibly can any proposal to put children behind barbed wire as they wait their asylum hearing. It is wrong. It is morally wrong. It is, from a policy perspective, totally unjusti-fied, as was child separation. That is why I am introducing the No Internment Camps Act. Let us not re-peat the mistakes of World War II. This act ensures that no Federal dollars will be used for the operation and construc-tion of family internment camps. It creates a 1-year phaseout of three fam-ily detention centers currently in oper-ation, and it saves money from the family detention centers and transfers it to the Alternatives to Detention Program in order to reestablish the Family Case Management Program— the program that had a 100-percent suc-cess rate in getting people to their hearings. Put money into programs that work, not into prisons that afflict children. There are many groups that have said how important this is and have en-dorsed the no internment camps legis-lation: Japanese American Citizens League, Human Rights Watch, Asian Americans Advancing Justice, Wom-en’s Refugee Commission, the Anti- Defamation League, the Asian Pacific American Network of Oregon, the American Immigration Lawyers Asso-ciation of Oregon, Human Rights First, the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, Karen Korematsu, the daughter of Fred Korematsu, the lead plaintiff in the Supreme Court case that challenged Japanese internment camps in World War II. Let us put an end to the prospect of the administration expanding on its own, through Executive order, intern-ment camps in the United States. Let’s do so by passing the No Internment Camps Act. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Texas. REPUBLICAN AGENDA  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, after the vote was called on the Kavanaugh nomination—I should say immediately before it—the minority leader, the Sen-ator from New York, told America that the most important thing they could do in response to that vote is go to the polls in the midterm elections. It is true that on November 6, Americans will head to the polls and select their Members of Congress, including the Senate, and as Ronald Reagan’s famous speech said, it will be ‘‘a time for choosing.’’ Many people are wondering how they should choose, how they should exer-cise that most fundamental privilege of American citizenship, and that is the right to vote. Should they choose to vote for mob rule or do they choose to vote for the rule of law? Do they choose to endorse threats, intimida-tion, and incitement or do they choose to treat everybody—no matter how much you disagree with them—with dignity and respect? I believe those are our choices. I was very disappointed to hear the former Secretary of State Mrs. Clinton say that you cannot be civil with a po-litical party that wants to destroy what you stand for and what you care about. She said civility is only possible if Democrats were to win back the House or the Senate. In other words, her commitment to civility in our po-litical discourse is contingent upon po-litical outcomes. Did you notice the verb she used? She used the word ‘‘de-stroy,’’ which I think is telling. It is not that people may disagree with her or her party, it is that people who disagree with her want to destroy what you stand for and what you care about. In other words, this mindset, I think, is very disturbing and should be of concern to all of us who want to re-store some civility, and decorum, and bipartisan cooperation. We are going to have our differences, there is no doubt about it. I welcome the opportunity to debate those dif-ferences. That is what the Senate is all about, but there is a line we saw crossed last week during the confirma-tion hearing. We learned it is our Democratic colleagues, unfortunately, who have associated themselves with special interest groups that are willing to go to just about any length to achieve their desired ends. In other words, the ends justify the means. That includes climbing statues, disobeying Capitol Police, getting arrested, chas-ing Senators and their spouses from restaurants, screaming at Members in elevators, sending coat hangers to Sen-ators at their offices, and offering what amounts to a bribe. That doesn’t sound very civil to me. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11OC6.024 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6785 October 11, 2018 
Then you have former Attorney Gen-eral Eric Holder, who was captured on video saying things that I, frankly, am shocked about. You would think the former head law enforcement officer for the U.S. Government, the Attorney General, would understand the need to be careful with your words and not stoke the ambers of conflict and civil unrest, but apparently disregarding that, he intentionally poured gasoline on the fire. He said last week, it is time to ditch the old slogan ‘‘when they go low, we go high.’’ He attributed that to Michelle Obama, and good for her. He said instead: ‘‘When they go low, we kick them.’’ That is what the new Democratic Party is all about. The Washington Post has said Holder is proposing ‘‘the party pursue a meaner, more com-bative approach,’’ and noted he was al-luding to metaphorical violence. This is from the former Attorney General of the United States. I believe former First Lady Michelle Obama rightfully condemned this ugly and shameful statement. Meanwhile, one Democratic Member of the Senate has recommended activ-ists get up in the face of your Congresspeople. Another one has justi-fied mob rule as entirely appropriate to our current political situation. We had members of the Senate Judi-ciary Committee, during the Kavanaugh hearings, say: I am vio-lating the rules intentionally. I am re-leasing committee-confidential infor-mation in violation of the rules, and, apparently, they were proud of it. I hope the voters are listening. I think they are. They are coming from some of the most powerful voices of the Democratic Party, voices that could represent you in the next Congress. That is the choice—between incite-ment, intimidation, mob rule, or civil-ity and treating people you disagree with, with the respect all of us are en-titled to in a democracy. I don’t think the voters will reward a party that is spitting out this sort of venom about what our politics should be about: sowing division, alluding to violence, rejecting civility. Is that what supposedly passes for leadership? Should the voters reward that in this midterm election? I think our fore-fathers would be shocked, but this elec-tion is about more than just the rhet-oric. I think the voters also have a choice when it comes to looking at who is in-terested in solving the problems that confront our country, who is willing to work on a bipartisan basis together with the administration to make the country a better place, more pros-perous place, a safer place. All they need to do is look back at the last 22 months. Yesterday, for example, we passed a major water infrastructure bill that will keep our communities safe by maintaining dams and levees and ad-dressing drinking water and waste-water systems across the country. It will also expedite, in my part of the world, an important coastal study and authorize flood mitigation projects back home. Then the President signed, just 2 days before that—I am sure most of this was lost in the furor over the Kavanaugh nomination—but just 2 days before that, the President signed another bipartisan bill I cosponsored called the Justice Served Act that will provide funds to prosecute cold cases solved by DNA evidence obtained from rape kits. Then, of course, there was the Su-preme Court confirmation last Satur-day. In the last 6 days, we have accom-plished three major things: water infra-structure, funding cold case prosecu-tions, and filling Justice Kennedy’s seat on the U.S. Supreme Court. I would say that is a pretty good week, but our record of success is much lengthier than that. Judge Kavanaugh was far from the only Federal judge we have confirmed. Last year, we con-firmed another superb Justice, Neil Gorsuch. On top of that, we have con-firmed 69 judges under President Trump. That includes three Texas judges on the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals and four that preside over Texas district courts. Those numbers begin to show you that since President Trump took office in January of last year, we haven’t taken our foot off the gas when it comes to doing the people’s work. Under this Congress, we have con-firmed the most appellate judges ever during a President’s first 2 years. Of course, these nominees, once con-firmed, have a lifetime tenure, so they will be there long beyond this Presi-dent’s term or maybe our term in the Congress. Our work extends far beyond filling the courthouses of this country. What we have done, working together with the entrepreneurs and the investors and the small businesses of America, is we helped reenergize the state of the American economy. This started with tax reform, which has been the biggest game changer. This is the first major overhaul of the Tax Code in 31 years. It lowered rates, doubled the child tax credit to help working families, and made American businesses more internationally com-petitive. I am sorry we had to do that all by ourselves without a single Demo-cratic vote, but we thought it was so important to do that we stepped up, and we did it. I think the benefits are pretty manifest. Ms. P
ELOSI likes to say the savings individual taxpayers got were merely ‘‘crumbs,’’ but I would like to tell her about some of my constituents and what they told me. One of them, Kim Ewing from Mes-quite, wrote me and talked about how tax reform was hugely helpful because she hadn’t had a raise in 7 years. Now she enjoys a boost in her paycheck each month. She called tax reform a no-brainer or what she referred to as merely ‘‘common sense.’’ Then there is Claudia Smith, owner of the Aggieland Carpet One in College Station, who told me earlier this year that she has been able to reinvest the savings she received under the new tax law to buy new equipment for her small business, as well as provide healthcare coverage for her employees. She says she will also have enough left over to hire more people. Claudia’s story is the same one that is being told all across the country. More than 700 businesses have used the tax savings to benefit their employees and customers. They have announced pay raises, 401(k) match increases, cuts to utility rates, bonuses, and other benefits to American workers. These developments are just part of the reason this economy is growing again and why people have renewed confidence and optimism in their fu-ture. As the majority leader reported yes-terday, unemployment in this country has now fallen to 3.7 percent, which is the lowest rate since 1969. People are going back to work; they are earning more; they are keeping more of what they earn; and they are investing. This is what it looks like when that sleeping giant of the American economy wakes up and is unleashed from the con-straints of high taxation and overregu-lation. It is not just the economy that de-serves mention. One of our accomplish-ments has been repealing burdensome regulations—I have mentioned that overregulation—and we have done that through the Congressional Review Act. Previously, it had only been used 1 time, but we have used this device 16 times to eliminate Agency rules which really had been the ropes that tied down that sleeping giant of the Amer-ican economy. It allowed it to come roaring back. We have repealed the Independent Payment Advisory Board under ObamaCare, which will allow seniors and their families to take greater con-trol of their healthcare decisions with-out being subject to the whims of unelected bureaucrats. We have also eliminated the root of ObamaCare—the individual mandate. This was literally a coercion by the Federal Government, forcing people to buy something that, in many cases, they couldn’t afford, and they didn’t want. We literally made ObamaCare vol-untary now so people have choices, but this was essentially a tax on some of the most disadvantaged people in the country who were coerced into buying healthcare they didn’t want or couldn’t afford, and if they were unable to even do that, they were forced to pay a tax or a penalty. Recently, we have been accom-plishing a lot more for our men and women in uniform, our intelligence of-ficers, and our veterans. We have helped restore America’s defense with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11OC6.009 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6786 October 11, 2018 
the greatest investment in the military in decades, including the largest troop pay raise in nearly 10 years. We have reauthorized important in-telligence-gathering tools, like section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act—a vital tool in tracking for-eign terrorists abroad who try to hurt us at home. For our veterans, we passed the VA MISSION Act, which will make signifi-cant reforms to the Department of Vet-erans Affairs by strengthening healthcare and community care op-tions that are available to those who have served our Nation in uniform. Last, but not least, is our series of accomplishments. We have taken other important steps, like passing the Fed-eral Aviation Administration Reau-thorization Act just last week. It is legislation that modernizes our air-ports, improves service for travelers, enhances safety, and boosts industry innovation. Then, almost without anybody pay-ing any attention at all, we passed a huge bipartisan bill to address the opioid crisis. Senator A
LEXANDER , the chairman of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, ush-ered this bill through the House and the Senate, along with Senator M
UR-
PHY and others. It has contributions from 70 Members of the Senate and 5 standing committees. That takes a lot of hard bipartisan effort, but it is im-portant because it combats the nation-wide epidemic that has led to the death of 49,000 Americans in just 2017 alone. We have done important work in terms of improving public safety by en-acting a bill I sponsored and that was supported by our colleagues here called Fix NICS; that is, the National Instant Criminal Background Check System. We also passed a bill sponsored by Sen-ator H
ATCH called the STOP School Vi-olence Act. The Fix NICS bill helped fix our bro-ken background check system and en-sures that criminals aren’t able to pur-chase or possess firearms after they are convicted. In the wake of the Texas shootings at Santa Fe and Sutherland Springs, we know there were a lot of people crying out for Congress to do something, and this was the one thing we could all agree to, on a bipartisan basis, across the ideological spectrum. These two bills—mine and Senator H
ATCH ’s—are a part of the way we have answered that call. We have tried to protect our young people—especially women—in another important way as well. We enacted what is known as SESTA, the Stop En-abling Sex Traffickers Act. This legis-lation by the junior Senator from Ohio helps to stop online trafficking and adds to a bill I sponsored called the Abolish Human Trafficking Act. It strengthens programs and supports sur-vivors of human trafficking and pro-vides resources to law enforcement of-ficials on the frontlines of the fight against modern-day slavery. I understand why most Americans have not heard of all or many of these accomplishments, but I think it is im-portant to note what we have been able to do while we have fought mightily over some things, like judicial nomina-tions. We have also worked in a bipartisan way to get the people’s work done. I be-lieve we have done so mainly by treat-ing each other respectfully and by dem-onstrating civility, not by yelling at each other, by making threats, or in-citing people to violence. That is not the American way. I am hopeful that after the scenes we saw here last week during the con-firmation proceedings for the Supreme Court, that the American people will reject that sort of conduct and demand that their elected officials act in a way they can be proud of. Yes, we put money back into Amer-ica’s pockets. We have rolled back reg-ulations to make their lives a little bit easier. We have strengthened our mili-tary, given our veterans access to bet-ter healthcare, and protected our com-munities from harm. As the minority leader, the Senator from New York, said right before the confirmation vote on Judge Kavanaugh, the people need to vote. They will, I hope, exercise that fran-chise—that right of every American citizen to determine the direction of our country and who will represent them in the Halls of Congress. It is my sincere hope that they will remember some of these accomplish-ments we have made together during this administration and know we can continue to do more for them in the fu-ture. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. FREEDOM OF SPEECH  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, this morning the front page of the Wash-ington Post tells the story about our intelligence agencies intercepting some communications among the Saudi Gov-ernment officials. It appeared they were exchanging information about how to lure a man named Khashoggi back into Saudi Arabia. Khashoggi is a person who has been openly critical of the Saudi Arabian leadership. He has published articles around the world, in-cluding in the Washington Post. We have a video that shows Mr. Khashoggi entering the Saudi con-sulate in Istanbul, Turkey. We have no video that shows him exiting that same building. He has disappeared. This intelligence data, as well as other information, leads us to believe he has been assassinated—assassinated because he was critical of the leader-ship of the Saudi Arabian kingdom. That is what happens in a country of authoritarian rule that does not pro-tect the right of dissent. We see it over and over in history— strong authoritarian rulers can’t stand dissenters. Many of them are killed, imprisoned, tortured, or run out of the country. It still happens in China. It still happens in Russia. It happens, ob-viously, when it comes to Saudi Ara-bia, Turkey, and other countries. We are different. I hope we are. The reason we are different is because of 45 words—45 words—that were written over 200 years ago. They are worth re-peating. These are 45 words that have guided our country and still should guide us today. I am going to take a minute to read them. It is the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, the First Amendment to our Bill of Rights, credited to James Madison. Here is what it says: ‘‘Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of re-ligion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a re-dress of grievances.’’ These are 45 words that distinguish us from virtually every other country in the world, where we expressly guar-antee to ourselves and our posterity freedoms that are fundamental to being an American. I have heard my friend the senior Senator from Texas come to the floor repeatedly now to talk about what hap-pened last week during the Kavanaugh nomination and in the weeks before, during the committee hearing, and there were people who came to this Capitol because of their intense per-sonal and political feelings about that nomination and what it meant to them personally and what they believed it meant to the country. They brought their emotions to this place, and they did it because they are guaranteed the right to do it in this Constitution. Each of us is guaranteed the right to peaceably assemble and to petition the government for a redress of grievances. The Senator from Texas has referred to this as ‘‘mob rule.’’ I will tell you, if you believe these 45 words and what the First Amendment in the Bill of Rights instructs us in terms of this de-mocracy, then it gives these people— all people in this country—the right to speak, the right to express their opin-ion, and the right to petition their gov-ernment for a redress of grievances. Now, of course, that should never— never—condone violence nor the incite-ment to violence. That is where we must draw the line. If you are going to stand and defend this article of the Constitution, which we have all taken an oath to defend, then you are going to defend the right of individuals to speak in this country and say things that are unpopular and maybe even unacceptable to you per-sonally. I have found myself in that position, gritting my teeth and thinking I wish to heck that person wasn’t saying what they were saying, but they have a con-stitutional right to do so. They don’t have a constitutional right to be vio-lent or to incite to violence. I might add, I think they cross the line when they go after politicians’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11OC6.010 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6787 October 11, 2018 
family members and others. That clearly crosses the line. I have seen it happen in my political life, and I am sure all my colleagues can tell a simi-lar story. To call this mob rule is to take the actions of a few and to really use those as a standard to judge everyone. That is fundamentally unfair. There were people on both sides of the Kavanaugh nomination who had intense, strong personal feelings and used their con-stitutional rights under the Bill of Rights to express that. They did it peaceably. They did it in a construc-tive way. As far as I am concerned, they have a constitutional right to do it. For those who crossed the line, they need to accept whatever consequences come their way. For some, it means being arrested and maybe more, but for those who complied with this article in the Bill of Rights, I think we all ought to stand up and say, regardless of party, this is the Constitution both parties swore to uphold. To say that what happened last week—even in this Chamber and even in this Gallery here—is really the whole story is ignoring the obvious. When the Senator from Texas asks about mob rule, my response is to say three words: ‘‘Lock her up.’’ This week in Iowa, the President held a rally. During the course of that rally, he was critical of the senior Senator from California. As he was critical of her, the people attending the rally started chanting ‘‘Lock her up. Lock her up,’’ referring to my colleague from California. I am sure the Senator from Texas heard about this. I hope that when he heard about it, he realized that an in-citement to hold someone criminally liable for using their office in a legal way really steps over the line. Let’s be honest about this. In the last 2 years, we have seen a coarsening of the rhetoric in politics in America. Things are being said now that have never been said before. Oh, they were said in private or maybe on some website, but now they are being said openly on a regular basis. If someone speaks up at a rally, to have a Presidential candidate say: Let the crowd take care of that, and I will pay the legal fees of whoever does it— that happened. It suggests to me a coarsening of our rhetoric in this polit-ical world that we live in that is not conducive to a civilized and construc-tive democracy. As the Senator from Texas suggested, we need to really re-ward civility, and we need to show it ourselves in the things we say and do as Members of the U.S. Senate. No, I don’t think it is evidence of mob rule in America. It wasn’t a mob that voted here on the floor of the Sen-ate. One hundred Senators voted, as the Constitution requires us to do, and we did it in an orderly, democratic way, regardless of whether you agree with the outcome. The mob didn’t rule; the Constitution ruled, and the Con-stitution needs to continue to rule. There are limits to speech. The courts have talked about this for 200 years. But let us never forget that the first 45 words of the Bill of Rights guarantees to us the right of free speech, peaceful assembly, and the right to petition our government for redress of grievances. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Madam President, on Monday, two things were made clear. This last Mon-day, we came to realize that we need to take immediate action—immediate ac-tion—to deal with human-caused global warming. Secondly, American innova-tion has already given us many of the tools to do so. I know there are those who think that climate change is an issue that will only affect us in the far-distant fu-ture or that the challenge is so big that we can’t really do much about it, but the truth is that we are already dealing with the effects of climate change, and we have it within our power to address them with technology that already ex-ists. Earlier this year, rainstorms and melting snow caused flooding across my State of Illinois. More than 20 counties throughout the State were placed under flood warning. As the water level of rivers continued to rise, several communities in Illinois had to evacuate their homes for their own safety. Illinois farmers know all too well that changing weather is impact-ing the way they farm and the crops they produce. As I speak, recovery efforts are al-ready underway after Hurricane Mi-chael left the Panhandle region of Florida in ruins. Our hearts go out to the families who are waking up this morning and don’t know whether their loved ones are safe or whether they have a home to return to. Earlier this summer, in the western part of our country, we saw vast acre-age destroyed by wildfires, and it has been one year since Hurricane Harvey hit Texas and Hurricane Maria dev-astated the entire island of Puerto Rico. It is obvious to anyone that natural disasters are becoming more powerful, more costly, and more deadly, and it is time we take climate change’s role in causing them seriously, or it will get worse. On Monday, the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change released a report stating that we have just over a decade—less than 10 years—to drastically reduce our car-bon emissions if we want to maintain life on Earth as we know it today. It is an ominous warning but a serious one. The U.N. report states that we must re-duce global emissions by 45 percent by the year 2030 and reach net zero emis-sions by 2050 if we want to avoid a world where deadly storms, unbreathable air, widespread famine, and multiyear droughts become the norm. According to the national security community that we count on to keep Americans safe, failing to address cli-mate change will inundate our military bases and installations, and it will in-cite international conflicts and put our military—the men and women serving our country—at risk in terms of readi-ness, operations, and strategy. The fact is, no one can claim to be se-rious about our national security if we don’t face the reality of climate change. That isn’t a declaration by the Sierra Club or some liberal Democratic Senator; it is a declaration of our de-fense community. We will continue to face weakened states and unprecedented refugee mi-gration in the decades to come if we ig-nore this reality. There is good news, though. We have the tools and the technology to prevent this dystopian future, and the United States can lead in this effort. America is already showing the world how to re-duce emissions and grow our economy by increasing energy efficiency meas-ures and renewable energy usage and switching to electric vehicles. Think about the gains we have made, the progress that has been made when it comes to the fuel efficiency of the cars and trucks we drive today. There was a time in the Senate not that long ago when Detroit automobile and truck manufacturers were in complete de-nial. They said that there is just no way to hit these targets in terms of miles per gallon. We are doing it, and we see it every day. It is the same American innovation that can power us to make the far-reaching transitions in energy and infrastructure we need to limit our emissions to meet the rec-ommendations of this United Nations panel. On Monday, the Nobel Prize in eco-nomics was given to two Americans— William Nordhaus and Paul Romer—for their work on innovation, climate, and economic growth. Their work shows that addressing climate change can be an incredible opportunity for job growth and new investments in Amer-ican competitiveness. New jobs can be created designing more efficient solar panels, wind turbines, and batteries, as well as manufacturing the components for export all over the world. If you visit downstate Illinois—an area which is one of our most bountiful agricultural areas—you can’t help but be struck by the number of wind tur-bines that have been built all around my State. The farmers love it because they are receiving monthly checks for the wind turbines located on their property, and the wind turbines are generating electricity for nearby com-munities without polluting. Twenty years ago, no one would have thought of that as a serious alternative. Today, it is. It is an alternative renewable source of energy that is not going to make the world worse for future gen-erations. There was a Paris Agreement in terms of setting global goals that all the countries in the world would sign up for to reduce carbon emissions and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11OC6.011 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6788 October 11, 2018 
to work together to develop a world-wide clean energy economy, and 195 countries—every country in the world—has agreed to this Paris Agree-ment and signed on, including the United States. However, last year President Trump decided that the United States would step away from the rest of the world, step away from our allies and trading partners, and leave this agreement. When I think about the decisions being made by this Trump administra-tion, this may be one of the most long- term, disastrous decisions he has made. To think that this great Nation, with its great economy, its great technology and innovation, would step away from an agreement that every country in the world has signed to deal with our climate challenges is unthinkable. I hope that after this week’s an-nouncement from the United Nations, at least someone at the White House will have second thoughts about this disastrous decision. We should not give up U.S. leadership and risk the world moving forward without us. If we step aside from this responsibility, others will step into our place—starting with China—leading the rest of the world outside of the United States into new technology innovations to deal with climate change. It is clear that it is in America’s best interest to take immediate action to limit our greenhouse gas emissions and face the realities of climate change head-on. Will it result in a change in our lifestyle? Perhaps, but only on the margins. Is it worth it? This weekend, I am going to get a treat: I get to visit my grandkids. They are 7 years old, twins, a little boy and a little girl, and I have a lot of fun with them. I think about what I do for a living and how it might impact the world they will live in for years to come. I would like to let them know that I am doing my part in the Senate and others are doing their part in Washington to leave them a world that they can live in—one that is not compromised by the selfishness and political agendas we see today. The livelihood of people in my State, including the farmers in my home of Il-linois, depend on us. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). All time has expired. Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent for 60 additional seconds. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. DURBIN. The livelihoods of farmers in my home of Illinois depends on our acting and preventing an end-less cycle of historic storms, floods, and droughts, causing millions of dol-lars in damage and crop loss. We have a moral obligation to our kids and grandkids to leave future generations with a planet that is not plagued by catastrophic drought, famine, wildfires, hurricanes, and sea level rise. We have the tools, and we know how to do it. It is time we rise to the chal-lenge. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. Mr. MORAN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. FAA REAUTHORIZATION  
Mr. MORAN. Madam President, I am here to speak and once again highlight the importance of aviation to my State, to the country, and to the world, but also to point out the significance of the 5-year FAA reauthorization bill the Senate passed last week. I have come to the floor many times on this topic. I am pleased to be here today to tell about the many wins that are included in this legislation. They are beneficial to the country, and they are certainly beneficial to my home State. I am most pleased to highlight the fact that this legislation does not in-clude—excluded from this legislation are any efforts to privatize our Na-tion’s air traffic control system. Kansas is the air capital of the world and for good reason. Kansans have built three out of every four general aviation aircraft since the Wright brothers’ first flight at Kitty Hawk. Today, over 40,000 Kansans make a liv-ing manufacturing, operating, and servicing the world’s highest quality airplanes. I cannot overstate the im-portance of this reauthorization and the stability it provides to the aviation community. We are doing something that we have been unable to do for years: a long- term FAA reauthorization. In the on-going efforts to pass the long-term bill, Republicans and Democrats in both Chambers of Congress have found com-mon ground and consensus among the entire aviation community on a wide range of important issues. The chair-man of the Commerce Committee, Sen-ator T
HUNE from South Dakota, as well as the ranking member, Senator N
EL-
SONfrom Florida, deserve credit for the bipartisan manner in which they have worked through the FAA reauthoriza-tion process in recent years and their efforts to negotiate a final piece of leg-islation with the House that was strong enough to receive 93 votes in the Sen-ate. I am pleased that included in this legislation are numerous provisions that I have introduced and supported and advocated for since the reauthor-ization process began, and I look for-ward to sharing these accomplishments in short fashion. I thank the many aviation and aerospace leaders in my State for informing my work on this topic. First, the FAA reauthorization bol-sters FAA manufacturing by stream-lining the aircraft certification proc-ess. With the short amount of time before a vote, I will highlight these for the R
ECORD . In addition, it authorizes the FAA Center of Excellence for Advanced Ma-terials at Wichita State University. This research has played a critical role in the evolution and integration of air-craft materials and technologies by providing valuable research to validate the safety and integrity of new aircraft to the general public. This bill helps close the skills gap for the aviation workforce. Senator INHOFE  and I have worked to provide legisla-tion to create a pilot program within the FAA through which grants would be authorized to support tech edu-cation and career development. The grants would encourage collaboration between businesses, schools, and local governments, and these entities would develop innovative workforce programs to help close the skill gap in the aero-space industry. The FAA Reauthorization Act re-duces regulatory barriers for edu-cational use of drones—unmanned aer-ial vehicles or systems. Last Congress, I was co-lead on this legislation with Senator P
ETERS of Michigan to reduce barriers for the use of small UASs at institutions of higher education. This bill accelerates the safe integration of innovative UAS technology, another significant development. This legislation strengthens the Fed-eral Contract Tower Program. Kansas is home to eight air traffic control tow-ers that participate in FAA’s FCT Pro-gram, which provides important safety services at small airports nationwide in a cost-effective manner that saves the taxpayers $200 million annually. This FAA reauthorization includes sev-eral reforms that strengthen the Con-tract Tower Program, and I am pleased to be able to report that. It provides access and flexibility for additional airport construction fund-ing. Again, this is something that is important in all of our communities that have an airport. How do we make certain that we have the latest infra-structure available for safe flights to and from our airports? It improves child safety on commer-cial airlines, legislation that Senator S
CHATZ from Hawaii and I introduced to advance the safety of children who fly with their parents. This bill reauthorizes the FAA’s Es-sential Air Service Program, con-necting rural airports to the national system. That is something which is im-portant to many of us who represent rural States. It safeguards small airports in the event of sudden loss of commercial service. Last Congress, I sponsored the Small Airport Regulatory Relief Act that is included in this legislation. It is to make certain that certain airports, such as the Hays Regional Airport and the Liberal Mid-America Regional Air-port, would not lose Federal Airport Improvement Program funding due to inconsistent commercial service through no fault of their own. Unfortunately, regional airlines con-tinue to struggle because of a lack of pilots. There is a pilot shortage, and our airports and the traveling public ought not be damaged as a result of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11OC6.012 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6789 October 11, 2018 
inability of the airlines to hire a suffi-cient number of airline pilots. It also increases the fairness and re-duces regulation for general aviation projects and activities. This is legisla-tion that was originally introduced, which I am a sponsor of, called the FLIGHT Act. It effectively targets AIP funding to general aviation airports and provides those airports with flexi-bility on their use of passenger facility charges. It has a provision that fosters the exchange of aircraft through fair regulatory treatment in airplane joint ownership—again, another small but important development. It includes provisions that preserve the Contract Weather Observers Program, some-thing that was at risk over the last several years. There are many things to highlight in this legislation. I would also point out that it has provisions to help pro-vide for talented women in the aviation workforce and facilitate their recruit-ment. Women currently comprise only 4 percent of flight engineers, 6 percent of pilots, and 26 percent of air traffic controllers, representing a huge un-tapped pool for talent in the aviation industry. I am grateful to my colleagues for coming together and creating this com-promise bill that will have a positive and immediate effect upon the econ-omy and the Kansas aviation commu-nity. It is a good day for the Senate, it is a good day for Congress, it is a good day for the country, and it is especially a good day for me and for Kansans. I yield the floor. 
NOMINATION OF JEFFREY CLARK  
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Presi-dent, Mr. Clark’s nomination is yet an-other example of the Trump adminis-tration nominating individuals to lead government offices whose missions they have opposed. The Environment and Natural Re-sources Division of the Department of Justice is uniquely charged with the ‘‘stewardship of the nation’s natural resources and public lands.’’ Yet, in the face of the overwhelming evidence of climate change, Mr. Clark says the science is debatable. It isn’t, and this is not the time to have someone in this position who refuses to acknowledge facts and confront the costs and risks of inaction. In addition, like many Trump nomi-nees, Mr. Clark is skeptical of the long-standing Chevron doctrine which states that courts must give deference to agency regulations because agencies are staffed with subject matter experts and that judges, who are only supposed to interpret the law, are not qualified to substitute their opinions. Large cor-porate polluters frequently challenge EPA regulations designed to safeguard our waters, endangered species, and natural resources, and we need a per-son in this position who will side with the scientists and public health ex-perts, not big polluters. Americans deserve an associate at-torney who is committed to protecting their interests and not big-monied spe-cial interests. I do not believe that Mr. Clark is that person, and I will be vot-ing against his nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, all postcloture time is expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Clark nomina-tion? Mr. ROUNDS. Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. RUBIO). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) and the Senator from Flor-ida (Mr. N
ELSON ) are necessarily ab-sent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 52, nays 45, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 228 Ex.] YEAS—52 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Kyl Lankford Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—45 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Heitkamp Nelson Rubio 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table. The President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Eric S. Dreiband, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Attorney General. Mitch McConnell, James Lankford, John Hoeven, James M. Inhofe, Johnny Isak-son, David Perdue, John Cornyn, Steve Daines, John Barrasso, Mike Rounds, Thom Tillis, Lamar Alexander, James E. Risch, Jeff Flake, Richard Burr, Roy Blunt, Deb Fischer. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Eric S. Dreiband, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Attorney General shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) and the Senator from Flor-ida (Mr. N
ELSON ) are necessarily ab-sent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 50, nays 47, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 229 Ex.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Kyl Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—47 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11OC6.014 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6790 October 11, 2018 
NOT VOTING—3 
Heitkamp Nelson Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 50, the nays are 47. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The bill clerk read the nomination of Eric S. Dreiband, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Attorney General. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Carolina. 
CALLING FOR THE RELEASE OF PASTOR ANDREW  
BRUNSON  
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I am here for what I hope will be the last time to talk about a subject I have come to the floor and discussed virtually every week we have been here since I went and visited a man who has been in a Turkish prison since October 7, 2016. His name is Andrew Brunson. He is a Presbyterian minister from North Carolina who, in 2016, under emergency orders in Turkey, President Erdogan ended up ordering the arrest of a num-ber of people, many of whom I think were probably involved in the illegal coup attempt. To the extent that evidence dem-onstrates they were, they should be held accountable for their actions, but, unfortunately, thousands of people— journalists, people of faith, and a num-ber of other people who were in the wrong place at the wrong time, like a NASA scientist who already spent 2
1⁄2 years in prison—were also arrested. They were also put in prison. In the case of Pastor Brunson, he spent almost 17 months in a Turkish prison, in a cell designed for 8 people that had 21 people in it. None of the others were even English-speaking. Then, about 17 months into it, he had an indictment against him. It was about a 70-page document. It is a docu-ment I have read. Quite honestly, I don’t think a first-year law student or a magistrate anywhere would consider the allegations in this indictment as worthy of any prosecution—certainly not enough to keep somebody in our U.S. justice system in prison over-night, let alone now 734 days. The 2-year anniversary was just on Sunday. I called Pastor Brunson Sun-day morning to speak with him, to see how he is doing and how his wife No-reen is doing. Noreen has been in the country the whole time because she is afraid that if she leaves the country, they will not let her come back. After the last hearing, the Turkish officials allowed Pastor Brunson to be placed under house arrest. He can’t leave his house. He has an electric monitor, but the fact is, he is still in-carcerated. He is still worried about the very real possibility that he could be convicted for up to 35 years in pris-on. The reason I hope this is the last speech I have to give is, tomorrow is what many of us believe may be the last time that he is in a courtroom. I hope President Erdogan and their jus-tice system find justice for Pastor Brunson. What that justice looks like to me, regardless of whatever conclu-sion the Turkish courts draw—inno-cence or guilt—is that they simply complete the judicial process in Tur-key and return Pastor Brunson and his wife Noreen back to the United States, most likely back to Western North Carolina. I visited Pastor Brunson in a Turkish prison about 6 months ago, after I heard he was concerned that once the indictment was issued against him, the American people would read that in-dictment and just forget about him. It was important for me to go to Turkey, to go to that Turkish prison just out-side of Izmir, Turkey—one of the major cities in Turkey—and look him eye to eye and say: I will never forget you. Since that meeting, and after that meeting in prison, we had some 70 Members of the U.S. Senate from both sides of the aisle sign on to a letter to send a very clear message to Pastor Brunson that we are not going to for-get him and also a very clear message to Turkey that there will be a con-sequence if we have a miscarriage of justice in this case. I went back to the Turkish court-room almost 2 months after I met him in prison, and I saw firsthand how the Turkish justice system works. It is not like ours, which is largely devoid of any political influence or what I view as completely devoid of political influ-ence. The President can’t call a judge and tell them to put their thumb on the scale of justice here in the United States, but sometimes it looks that way in Turkey. I am asking President Erdogan, the Turkish judiciary, the Foreign Min-isters, and the others I have spoken with over the past several months: Please, let’s have justice for Pastor Brunson. Regardless of what the out-come is tomorrow in the courts, get him home. I hope that happens tomor-row or early next week. If, on the other hand, his hearing is continued again or he is found guilty and is likely to be sentenced to 35 years, I will have to take a different tack—a tack very similar to what we took in putting a provision in the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act, real-ly questioning our long-term relation-ship with Turkey in terms of sharing technology with the Joint Strike Fighter. When we went through that process, we identified a number of other measures where I believe we can get strong support in the House and Senate that would take our relation-ship with Turkey in the wrong direc-tion. I want Turkey to be a strong NATO ally. I want Turkey to be a strong trad-ing partner. I want the Turkish people to have a vibrant economy, but at the end of the day, I will have to be moti-vated to convince the Members of Con-gress and the President, who has been very helpful to this point, and Sec-retary of State Pompeo that absent a just outcome for Pastor Brunson, we will have to take a look at how we can continue to fight for justice. I sincerely hope I will never have to go down that path. Over the next 24 hours, Pastor Brunson is scheduled to be in a court-room—within about the next 16 hours. I hope the American people will keep him in their prayers. I hope the Turk-ish people and the Turkish leadership will do the right thing—and the right thing is having Pastor Brunson and No-reen come home. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that all postcloture time on the Dreiband nomination ex-pire at 2 p.m. today and that the Sen-ate vote on confirmation of the Dreiband nomination with no inter-vening action or debate; further, that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
GUARDIANS OF DEMOCRACY  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, there are no more consequential words spoken than those spoken by the President of the United States. The words of a President reverberate around the world like no other world leader’s, and as attentive as Americans are to what our President says, the rest of the world is probably paying even closer attention, as it is often their fate that hangs in the balance when our President speaks. Americans can ignore certain utter-ances from the President. The rest of the world often has no such luxury. Another audience for Presidential ut-terances is the despot, the strongman, the authoritarian, and the dictator. From this President, that horrible focus group has received a great deal of sustenance. In fact, the oppressors of the world have taken to parroting some of their favorite lines from the White House. Anything critical of their regimes has become ‘‘fake news,’’ and the press is the ‘‘enemy of the people,’’ just to name two of our President’s greatest hits. As I mentioned in this Chamber in January of this year, a State official in Myanmar recently said: 
There is no such thing as Rohingya. It is fake news. 
He was, of course, referring to the persecuted ethnic group. In February of last year, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad brushed off an Amnesty International report that some 13,000 people had been murdered in his military prisons by saying: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.002 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6791 October 11, 2018 
You can forge anything these days. We are living in a fake news era. 
In the Philippines, President Rodrigo Duterte has complained of being ‘‘de-monized’’ by ‘‘fake news.’’ Last year, according to a news report, with our President ‘‘laughing by his side,’’ Duterte called reporters ‘‘spies.’’ In July 2017, Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro complained to the Rus-sian propaganda outlet that the world media had ‘‘spread lots of false versions, lots of lies’’ about his coun-try, adding: ‘‘This is what we call ‘fake news’ today, isn’t it?’’ And on and on. This feedback loop is appalling. We are in an era where the authori-tarian impulse is reasserting itself to challenge free people and free societies everywhere. We cannot give convenient language to authoritarians, language that is used against their own people. Now, with the apparent brutal mur-der of journalist Jamal Khashoggi, some of the real enemies of the people and enemies of freedom seem to have taken license to eliminate a man their regime viewed as a threat. We need to know exactly what hap-pened in that Saudi consulate in Tur-key earlier this month. Put bluntly, we cannot do business with the Saudi Gov-ernment if they directed or were complicit in the murder of Jamal Khashoggi. We in this body had best be very careful about who the enemies of the people are and who they are not. The free press is the guardian of de-mocracy and the enemy of tyrants, and the man or woman who speaks from be-hind the Presidential Seal needs to re-mind the country and the world of this truism again and again, as long as the world will listen. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arkansas. 
RECOGNIZING ARKANSAS BLACK HALL OF FAME  
INDUCTEES  
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I rise today to recognize the Arkansas Black Hall of Fame Class of 2019 inductees and celebrate their contributions to our State, country, and literally the world. Founded in 1992 by Charles Stewart and Patricia Goodwin to recognize the gifts of African Americans with Arkan-sas roots, the first induction ceremony in 1993 honored six individuals, includ-ing acclaimed poet, author, and activ-ist Maya Angelou and civil rights advo-cate and Little Rock Nine mentor Daisy Bates. We are probably all familiar with Ar-kansas’ role in the movement for pub-lic integration. The African-American students who were threatened and in-timidated by fellow classmates and community members as they tried to enter Little Rock Central High School quickly became icons of the civil rights movement because of their courage in the face of overwhelming adversity. These nine students, known as the Little Rock Nine, were inducted into the Arkansas Black Hall of Fame in 2007. They, along with other individ-uals who are members of the Arkansas Black Hall of Fame, represent diverse areas of advocacy, interest, and exper-tise. More than 150 people are part of this select group because of their con-tributions to American culture and Ar-kansas history. This year, six individuals will join this distinguished group when they are inducted on Saturday, October 27, 2018. I want to take a moment to recognize the inductees and their accomplish-ments. Kevin Cole is a renowned mixed- media visual artist from Pine Bluff, AR. He graduated from the University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff with a degree in art education and continued his edu-cation, earning advanced degrees from the University of Illinois at Urbana- Champaign and Northern Illinois Uni-versity. His artwork often reflects the history of racial violence and social issues. When he was 18 years old, after Cole ex-pressed his reluctance to vote, his grandfather told him the story of Afri-can Americans who were lynched by their neckties on their way to vote. That knowledge has inspired his art-work. He is well known for his abstract ‘‘necktie’’ pieces that reflect on the painful past while also, very impor-tantly, looking toward a hopeful fu-ture. Cole is an award-winning artist whose work has been displayed in gal-leries literally all over the world, in-cluding the Smithsonian’s National Museum of African American History and Culture. Brent Jennings is a native of Little Rock. He is an accomplished actor and educator. In the sixth grade, he was en-couraged by a teacher who was direct-ing his school’s annual vaudeville-style review to become an actor. He took acting classes at the Arkan-sas Art Center, where he was the first African-American actor to land the lead role in a children’s theater produc-tion. He pursued an acting career that took him to New York and Boston be-fore moving to Los Angeles. While a student at Emerson College, he was recognized for his acting and di-recting, earning the Carol Burnett Award and the New England Theater Award. He has acted alongside Academy Award-winning actors and those who have claimed the spotlight of Holly-wood. You may have seen him most re-cently in AMC’s ‘‘Lodge 49.’’ In addi-tion, he shared his passion for acting as an adjunct faculty member at the American Academy of Dramatics. LTG Aundre Piggee is a native of Stamps, AR. He graduated from the University of Arkansas Pine Bluff. As a student, he served in ROTC and chose to pursue a career in the military. He says he mentors his soldiers as his UAPB instructors mentored him. He has proudly served in uniform for 37 years. His military career has taken him literally all over the world, where he has commanded thousands of sol-diers, as well as worked to equip mis-sions in Syria and Afghanistan. Today he serves at the Pentagon as the Deputy Chief of Staff in the U.S. Army, overseeing logistics. He is an in-dividual I have really enjoyed getting to know and working with, and he is certainly somebody we can be very, very proud of. Darrell Walker’s name is synony-mous with Arkansas basketball. He played at the University of Arkansas— Fort Smith before transferring to play for the Razorbacks for three seasons. He helped the team reach the Sweet 16 in 1981 and 1983. He ranks 18th all-time on the Razorback’s scoring list. Following a successful collegiate ca-reer, he was drafted 12th overall by the New York Knicks and was named to the 1984 NBA All-Rookie Team. He played in the NBA for 10 years, includ-ing winning a championship with the Chicago Bulls in 1993. Walker has continued his involve-ment in basketball as a coach for col-lege teams and in the NBA. Earlier this year, he became head coach of the Uni-versity of Arkansas at Little Rock men’s basketball team. Mary Louise Williams is an edu-cation advocate and political activist. She spent 42 years as an educator, 30 of those years as an administrator and music teacher in the Little Rock School District. She has spent her life actively involved in the community as a volunteer on numerous boards and commissions and as an elected official, sometimes as the only woman or only African American. She was the first African-American chairperson of the Pulaski County Election Commission, the first African- American chairperson of the Pulaski County Democratic Committee, and the first African-American woman from Arkansas to serve on the National Association of County Officials Board. She has mentored numerous Arkan-sans through her civic involvement and earned many awards for her commit-ment to the community. She was re-cently recognized by the Women’s Foundation of Arkansas as the recipi-ent of the 2018 Brownie Ledbetter Civic Engagement Award for her service and her activism. At 90 years of age, she continues to be active in the commu-nity. Florence Price will be posthumously inducted into the Arkansas Black Hall of Fame. She grew up in Little Rock, where she learned to love music at a young age. Her mother taught her piano, and she became an accomplished musician as a youth. By the time she graduated high school, Price was a pub-lished composer. She pursued her pas-sion for music as a student at the New England Conservatory of Music. In 1932, she won the Wanamaker Prize for her ‘‘Symphony in E minor.’’ The next year, the Chicago Symphony Orchestra performed that piece, mak-ing Price the first African-American woman to have a composition played by a major orchestra. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11OC6.022 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6792 October 11, 2018 
In 1940, Price was inducted into the American Society of Composers, Au-thors and Publishers. She had com-posed more than 300 works by the time of her death in 1953. We can be very, very proud of these men and women. Their lives and leg-acies are important to the history of our country and the fight for equality. The honor being bestowed upon them later this month is just one more trib-ute to their significant contributions to Arkansas and America. I congratulate each and every one of them on being inducted into the Ar-kansas Black Hall of Fame and extend my sincere thanks for the impact they have had on the State that we all love and want to make better. With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF ERIC DREIBAND  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I rise to oppose the nomination of Eric Dreiband to be the Assistant Attorney General for the Civil Rights Division of the Justice Department. Mr. Dreiband has no experience working on many of the most impor-tant duties of the Civil Rights Divi-sion, such as protecting voting rights, combating hate crimes, and ensuring that police departments respect the Constitution and civil rights laws. Instead, he has extensive experience representing corporations who have been accused of employment discrimi-nation and advocating against legisla-tion to protect civil rights. In his personal capacity, he has testi-fied against the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Restoration Act and against legis-lation to protect older workers from discrimination. We need a head of the Civil Rights Division who will demonstrate inde-pendence and a willingness to preserve the right to vote and civil rights laws in the face of this administration’s re-gressive agenda. I am not confident that Mr. Dreiband will be the independent leader that the Civil Rights Division needs. I cannot support his nomination. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I rise to oppose the nomination of Eric Dreiband to serve as Assistant Attor-ney General of the Civil Rights Divi-sion. His nomination is an affront to the mission of the Civil Rights Divi-sion, the career attorneys, and to ev-eryone in our country dedicated to ad-vancing civil rights. Created in 1957, the mission of the Civil Rights Division is to ‘‘enforce[e] federal statutes prohibiting discrimi-nation on the basis of race, color, sex, disability, religion, familial status and national origin.’’ The Civil Rights Divi-sion has been indispensable in helping our country combat housing discrimi-nation, voting rights abuses, and hate crimes. It has also intervened in cases of police misconduct in certain situa-tions. Mr. Dreiband is the wrong person to lead the Civil Rights Division. He has spent his entire career advocating for weaker antidiscrimination laws. He has testified in Congress against the Lily Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, the Protecting Older Workers Against Discrimination Act, and ban-the-box regulations. Looking at this record, Mr. Dreiband will do more to undermine than to pro-tect efforts to prevent discrimination. How can someone devoted to fighting against antidiscriminatory laws now be charged with leading an agency that enforces antidiscrimination laws? It is almost as if the Trump administration is ‘‘trolling’’ the agency itself with Mr. Dreiband’s nomination. Unfortunately, under Attorney Gen-eral Sessions, the Department of Jus-tice has already rolled back Obama-era guidance that terminated the Federal Government’s use of private prisons, helped protect vulnerable transgender students, and the Cole memo which al-lowed prosecutorial discretion in sen-tencing for drug cases. Mr. Dreiband’s record suggests he will continue these attacks on civil rights. The Assistant Attorney General of Civil Rights Division should be some-one that will vigorously protect minor-ity rights and aggressively expand civil rights for all Americans. Mr. Dreiband has shown that he is not that person. THE PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, all postcloture time has expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the nomination of Eric S. Dreiband, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Attorney General? Mr. CASSIDY. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) and the Senator from Flor-ida (Mr. N
ELSON ) are necessarily ab-sent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 50, nays 47, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 230 Ex.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Kyl Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young NAYS—47 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Heitkamp Nelson Rubio 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-MENT—EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the cloture motion for the Stewart nomination be withdrawn and the Senate vote on con-firmation of the Stewart nomination and, if confirmed, the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of James N. Stew-art, of North Carolina, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Defense. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the Stewart nomination. The nomination was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11OC6.026 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6793 October 11, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. 
f 
REMEMBERING MATTHEW SHEPARD Mr. CASEY. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. I rise to speak to commemorate the horrific death of Matthew Shepard 20 years ago. On October 7, 1998, Mat-thew Shepard, then a 21-year-old stu-dent at the University of Wyoming, was kidnapped, brutally beaten, and left tied to a fence in a field outside of Laramie, WY. He passed away 5 days later in a hospital. Matthew was attacked because of his sexual orientation. His murder was an act of pure evil, borne of hate. Since his passing, Matthew’s family has worked to share his story in the hope that no other family suffers a similar tragedy. His parents, Judy and Dennis Shepard, started the Matthew Shepard Foundation to honor the life and aspirations of their son. Judy has made countless personal appearances around the country and around the world, sharing Matthew’s story, to shine a light on the importance of sup-porting the LGBT community and eradicating hate. She has relived the horror of his death so that others may not ever know such pain. I had the opportunity in 2005 to meet Judy Shepard here in Washington, and I was impressed and inspired by her strength. The foundation that the Shepard family has organized has worked to end hate in all forms around the country, starting dialogues at schools, corporations, and communities to promote human dignity for all indi-viduals. They have also provided an on-line resource center for LGBT youth, helped to create a dialogue about hate crimes through support for The Lar-amie Project, and helped to advocate for legislation to end hate crimes. Judy Shepard’s work has been suc-cessful, and I think that is an under-statement. Matthew Shepard’s story has resonated with people across the country and inspired change, including the 2009 passage of the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr., Hate Crimes Prevention Act, which I was proud to cosponsor. This legislation added perceived gender, sexual orienta-tion, gender identity, or disability as protected classes under existing Fed-eral hate crimes law. Though we made a great deal of progress over the last 20 years, there is still so much work to do. In 2016, 6,121 hate crime incidents were reported, and of these incidents, 1,076 were based on sexual orientation bias, and 124 were based on gender-identity bias. In order to help to stop this violence, I am the author of the Disarm Hate Act. This legislation would prevent those convicted of a violent mis-demeanor hate crime or those who have received a hate crime sentence enhancement from buying or pos-sessing a gun. It is critical that we work not only to address hate crimes but to stop the cul-ture of violence or prejudice that often begins as bullying and harassment in our schools. According to a Human Rights Campaign report, LGBT youth are more than twice as likely—twice as likely—as non-LGBT youth to be phys-ically attacked at school. Similarly, a report by the Gay, Les-bian, and Straight Education Network found that four out of five LGBT stu-dents reported experiencing harass-ment frequently in school based on their appearance or perceived sexual orientation. That is why I have con-sistently introduced the Safe Schools Improvement Act, which would pro-hibit in K–12 schools bullying and har-assment based on sexual orientation or gender identity. I am also a proud cosponsor of the Equality Act, a landmark civil rights bill that would amend existing civil rights laws to prohibit discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity in education, employ-ment, housing, credit, and Federal jury service. Matthew Shepard’s life and death has inspired great change across our Na-tion over the last 20 years. His life con-tinues to inspire me and so many oth-ers, so many Members of Congress, and, indeed, so many Americans to continue the fight against hate and violence in all its forms. We just read today, just hours ago, a story in the Washington Post which told us that Matthew Shepard’s re-mains will be interred in the next cou-ple of weeks inside the crypt at the Na-tional Cathedral here in Washington. May he rest in peace. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The Senator from Louisiana. 
f 
HEALTHCARE INSURANCE PLANS Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I want to talk for just a few minutes about our efforts to get control of health in-surance costs in America. With me today is one of the colleagues from my office, Ms. Katie Dwyer. The Affordable Care Act has not worked for the American people. I wish it had. I am disappointed that it hasn’t. We were promised upon the pas-sage of the Affordable Care Act that our lives would be better. Our lives are worse. We were promised upon passage of the Affordable Care Act that health insurance would be cheaper and more accessible. It has been neither. As you know, the Senate has tried to come up with a health insurance re-form effort to replace the Affordable Care Act. We have not been able to do that, but we didn’t quit, as you well know. We have started, through a num-ber of small but meaningful measures, along with the Trump administration, to lower the cost of health insurance for the American people, and we have made substantial progress. It has been lost in the noise, but it is real, none-theless. I want to briefly talk about two such efforts. First, association health plans. As you know, one option that has often been missing from our array of health insurance choices is the ability to get together as a group of people, some-times across State lines, and buy health insurance. Let me explain what I mean by that. Let’s suppose you have a chamber of commerce, as many cities and towns do. Those chambers of com-merce in my State would join with chambers of commerce in Mississippi, which would join with chambers of commerce in Arkansas, and they would pool all of their members and say to a health insurance provider: Here are all these people who want to buy health insurance. Give us the best deal you can. Through the economy of scale, we could lower the cost of health insur-ance. It makes sense, but forever and a day, it hasn’t been legal in the United States of America. It now is. In 2017, President Trump issued an Executive order directing Federal agencies to draft regulations to allow the Amer-ican people to enjoy the fruits of asso-ciation health plans. In January of this year, the Department of Labor pro-posed a rule expanding the scope of groups and individuals eligible for banding together as associations and purchasing coverage through an asso-ciation health plan. The rule was final-ized on June 21 of this year, and it be-came effective on August 20, 2018. I am not suggesting that association health plans are going to solve all the problems of access to insurance and cost of health insurance in America, but they will help, and they will help because the principle underlying asso-ciation health plans is that they allow the free market to work. If you are a member of a Rotary Club, and you want to join with Rotary Clubs in other States or other parts of your State, pool a large group of people together, and go to a health insurance provider and say ‘‘I have a lot of poten-tial customers here, and I want to buy major medical insurance. What kind of deal will you give me?’’ that would be legal in our country. The second thing we have done, Mr. President, as you are well aware—I consider you an expert in healthcare and in healthcare insurance—has to do with what we call short-term, limited- duration health plans. What is a short-term, limited-dura-tion health plan? Well, let’s suppose that I leave my job and I have em-ployer-provided insurance and I am not sure what I am going to do next. I have some ideas and I have some prospects, but it will probably be 6 months before I will take a new job with a new com-pany that will provide health insur-ance. There will be a 6-month gap where I and my family will not have health insurance. That is the purpose of short-term, limited-duration health plans. There are plans offered throughout our country where, if I am in between 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11OC6.028 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6794 October 11, 2018 
jobs, for example, and I don’t have in-surance and I don’t want to pursue my prior health insurance through COBRA, I can go buy one of these short-term, limited-duration health plans. It is sort of gap coverage, if you will. Short-term, limited-duration health plans have been around for a long time. The problem is, for all practical pur-poses, the Affordable Care Act made them illegal. That is a bit of an over-statement. You could still purchase a short-term, limited-duration health plan but for a very short period of time, so they were rendered ineffective. Under changes made, these plans will allow families and individuals to pur-chase these short-term plans for up to 12 months and in some cases, for up to 36 months. That is the result of a new rule promulgated by the Trump admin-istration which reverses the Obama-era policies that limited these short-term plans to only 3 months with no option to renew. Why are short-term, limited-duration health plans important? Why are they helping to contribute to our efforts to lower the cost of health insurance? Here is the problem we are trying to solve, as you well know. These are the increases in pre-miums—the cost you pay—to purchase health insurance through the Afford-able Care Act. In Texas, from 2017 to 2018, the price of the silver plan—to buy a silver plan through the Affordable Care Act—went up 41.3 percent; in my State of Lou-isiana, 12.9 percent; in Oregon, 31.9 per-cent; in Wisconsin, 43.5 percent; in Pennsylvania, 30.6 percent. I could go on and on. That is why the Affordable Care Act hasn’t worked. No one can af-ford it. I wish it had worked. It gives me no pleasure to say that. But we were told health insurance premiums would go down. They have gone up. By making these short-term, limited- duration health plans available for a longer period of time, we are giving people the flexibility to extend them. The Trump administration, in my judgement, is making sure American families have access to a reliable, af-fordable health care option. We had a vote yesterday. Some of my friends on the Democratic side of the aisle decided they wanted to end short- term, limited-duration health plans. They promulgated a proposal through the Congressional Review Act to end them. Fortunately, we defeated that ef-fort. What has been the effect in terms of price and availability? Well, short- term, limited-duration health plans, in many cases, are 50 to 80 percent cheap-er than plans purchased under the Af-fordable Care Act. You say: Why is that? Well, there is no free lunch, and you are not going to get one now. If you purchase a short-term, limited dura-tion health plan, it oftentimes does not have the same coverage a company is required to offer if it is a health insur-ance company offering health insur-ance under the Affordable Care Act. You don’t get the same coverage. That doesn’t mean you get no coverage. That doesn’t mean the short-term, lim-ited-duration plan is junk insurance, because it is not. It is considered major medical insurance, and issues like life-time limits, annual limits, coverage of preexisting conditions—there are a va-riety of plans out there offered. If you want to purchase a plan that is still cheaper than you could buy under ObamaCare that covers preexisting conditions, you can. This idea that these short-term, lim-ited-duration health plans are not in-surance at all, or so-called junk insur-ance, is simply a bunch of nonsense. I will give an example. In the last quar-ter of 2016, a short-term, limited-dura-tion health plan cost an individual about $124 a month. That is a lot of money for a lot of Americans, but it is much better when you compare it to an unsubsidized ObamaCare plan that costs $393 a month. You could save 70 percent by buying a short-term, lim-ited-duration health plan. Again, the problem was that under ObamaCare, you could only buy one of these short-term plans for 3 months. Now you can buy them for much longer. The self-styled betters of Wash-ington, DC, the cultured, cosmopolitan crowd up here who think they know better than everybody else in America, who think they are smarter than all Americans, would do away with short- term, limited-duration health plans if they could because they think the American people are not smart enough to understand what they are buying. We are not going to give them the choice. We are smarter than they are. They need to look to us here in Wash-ington, DC, to run their lives. We saw that effort yesterday on the floor of the Senate. Fortunately, we de-feated it. The American people are plenty smart. They may not have time to read Aristotle every day because they are too busy earning a living, but they get it. They watched their health insurance premiums rise through the roof as a result of the Affordable Care Act, and many of them have sought out this alternative, a short-term, limited- duration plan, and said: Hey, we know it doesn’t cover as much as some poli-cies, but it is a heck of a lot cheaper, and we would like to buy it and try it for a while. As Americans, they are entitled to do that. I am pleased that we could re-serve the option for them. It was a win for American families, in my book. We are not giving up on replacing the Affordable Care Act. Again, it gives me no joy to say we have to replace it, but it just hasn’t worked. Any fairminded person who is at all objective would have to look at a plan that promised us cheaper policies and more accessibility and ended up with more expensive poli-cies and less accessibility and say: It just didn’t work. We have to replace it, and we are going to keep working on it. In the meantime, I wanted to point out to my colleagues that we continue to chip away at the rising cost of health insurance in America. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
THE ECONOMY Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, today I rise to talk about the economy; that is, what is going on out there in terms of jobs and wage growth. It is a posi-tive story. I have seen it firsthand back home in Ohio. Every weekend I go back to Ohio, and I meet with small business owners, and they tell me the same thing, which is that things are good. Their biggest concern is finding work-ers. They are growing and expanding. We see this in the national numbers as well. These small businesses tell me it is primarily because of the tax reform and tax cuts legislation and, second, because of the regulatory environment that makes it easier for them to be able to create more jobs. I want to start by talking about tax reform. We remember that before this legislation was passed, going back real-ly for several years, our economy had been relatively weak. We had seen eco-nomic growth of between 1.5 and 2.5 percent, and a lot of people were saying that 2 percent growth is kind of the new normal. In fact, the Congressional Budget Of-fice, which is the nonpartisan group here that tells us what our growth numbers are likely to look like and then tells us what they actually are, said last year that they believed eco-nomic growth this year—the calendar year 2018—would be 2 percent. That is pretty discouraging, really. With 2 per-cent growth, we are not going to see the kind of growth in wages we all want to see, and we are not going to see the job expansion we all want. That 2 percent growth was before the tax legislation was passed. They also predicted that employment would increase by an average of 107,000 jobs per month; again, that is not bad, but not something to write home about. Now our economy is up and going, and it is moving toward its full poten-tial. Shortly after tax reform passed, CBO changed its estimate. They said: OK, with tax reform, this is our new esti-mate. We are going to say that the growth is going to be, instead of 2 per-cent, 3.1 percent. That is more than a 50-percent increase in growth. That is incredible. They were pretty optimistic about what would happen. They said that it was attributable to tax reform, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11OC6.030 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6795 October 11, 2018 
which was a big part of this upward re-vision, as they called it. They also changed their projection on monthly unemployment. They said that instead of 107,000 jobs, we are like-ly to see 210,000 jobs per month. Well, what has happened? It turns out the Congressional Budget Office, despite their optimistic projections, was wrong. We have seen numbers even better than their optimistic projec-tions. Economic growth for the second quarter of 2018 was 4.2 percent, and a record 876,000 new businesses were cre-ated. The Federal Reserve now esti-mates that growth in this quarter we are in is likely to be 4.1 percent. Wow. We will see what the final numbers are, but if it is anywhere close to that, that is extraordinary. So we have gone from 2 percent to 3 percent to 4 percent. And with 4.2 per-cent, 4.1 percent growth, what else is happening? Unemployment is going down. The unemployment rate was 3.7 percent last month. That is the lowest it has been since December of 1969, so it is a big deal. The pro-growth policies that some of us have been promoting here on this side of the aisle, including tax reform and regulatory relief, have made a dif-ference. Small business optimism is at an all-time high, according to the Na-tional Federation of Independent Busi-nesses—NFIB. Most important to me, wages are finally going up. Over the last 10 years, it isn’t just that the econ-omy has been relatively flat, it is that wages have not increased. In fact, if you take inflation into ac-count, wages have been flat or even de-clining, on average. That is why a lot of people feel the middle-class squeeze: higher expenses, particularly healthcare costs, but also everyday costs. Healthcare costs are driving it but also housing costs, the cost of food, the cost of education. By the same token, we had wages that were flat. That is a squeeze. So your take-home pay is not going up, but your expenses are going up. There was a lot of frustration around the country over the last several years about that. Now we see wages going up. So 2.8 percent was the wage growth last month. That is the highest wage growth since mid-2009. So since mid- 2009, which is, remember, before the re-cession, we have not seen wage growth like this. This is great news. I hope we con-tinue to see that solid wage growth be-cause that, ultimately, is what we ought to be looking for. Since the first of last year, I have held over a dozen small business roundtables around Ohio, where you bring small businesses in to talk about the tax reform bill regulations and other issues they care about. Every single one of the small businesses that comes to these roundtables has a story to tell about how the tax reform helped them. These companies are passthroughs, meaning they pay taxes individually, which is the case for the vast majority of small businesses. So they are seeing lower rates, but they are also seeing an advantage to the new laws on invest-ment. If you invest money in your company, you can deduct it from your taxes now. You had bonus depreciation before; now you have 100 percent depre-ciation, and you can write things off immediately. That makes a huge dif-ference, and it is exciting. The Presiding Officer was talking today at lunch about being at one of the small businesses in Louisiana. It is the same story I have heard all over our States. This was a distillery, as I recall. In Ohio, our breweries and our distilleries are taking advantage of a specific part of the new tax bill that helps them on their excise taxes but also just the overall lowering of the rate, investing in their business, in-vesting in technology, increasing the productivity of their workers as a re-sult, which all economists say is the key to getting wages up. We are begin-ning to see that, and it is exciting. This is the first year I have also vis-ited 22 businesses directly—not a roundtable discussion as I have done with small businesses. But I go to these businesses and talk to them about how they are using this tax bill. Again, ev-eryone has good stories to tell. Some have added more jobs; some have in-creased wages and gone public about that. Fifth Third Bank would be an ex-ample or the Kroger Company in my hometown of Cincinnati—big busi-nesses. A lot of smaller businesses have done that as well, but they have done other things too. Some have delivered bo-nuses, some have expanded retirement benefits, and some have bought new equipment. For a lot of small businesses, I will talk to them and say: What are you doing with this? They say: We are actually taking these older pieces of equipment we have, these machines, and we are up-grading them, which, again, makes workers more productive, makes the company more successful, and allows wages to go up. One small business I visited had a machine that was roughly 31 years old. They got the machine in 1986. I thought it was an amazing coincidence that this Tax Code, which hadn’t been up-dated since 1986, was updated, and they were using the tax savings they got from that to take a machine that was bought that same year and upgrading it, modernizing it. It was about a $1 million investment for them, which they never could have made in a small business without the tax reform and tax cuts legislation. So it is working. Sometimes companies are doing a combination of these various things. They might be increasing the 401(k) match and also adding more to their entry-level pay. So it is doing what was intended. In the first quarter, we have numbers already for the amount of money that came back to our country—over $300 billion. Over $300 billion came back to the United States from overseas. That is what they call repatriation, money earned overseas that companies were keeping overseas before because they had no incentive to bring it back. Now they have an incentive to bring it back. What does that mean? It means it gets invested here, sometimes in new equipment and new plants, sometimes in people’s wallets and pocketbooks back here. That money is being used to help create this better economy we are talking about. By the way, that $300 billion, when compared to last year in the first quar-ter, is about 10 times more. This is be-cause of the tax bill. The lower tax rates for individuals mean that 90 percent of the people in America got a statement from their employer saying: Guess what. Uncle Sam is going to take less out of your paycheck. Their withholding changed. So 90 percent of workers in America have gotten something saying: You are going to have more of your hard-earned money staying in your pocket. You are going to be able to take it home, rather than have Uncle Sam take it out as part of your taxes. As I said during the tax reform de-bate, when we had very spirited de-bates, some on the other side were say-ing that there was no middle-class tax relief in this legislation. I said that the proof is in the paycheck. Lower rates, doubling the standard deduction, dou-bling the child tax credit—those are tax cuts. They are real. Sure enough, 90 percent of Americans saw that in their paychecks. The proof is in their pay-check. It is not really a political debate; it is a real life situation for people who are living paycheck to paycheck—most of the people I represent. So it is a big deal. For the median-income family in Ohio, that is $2,000 a year on average. That $2,000 a year means a vacation they otherwise couldn’t take. It means investing more in their healthcare, in-vesting more in their retirement, in-vesting more in their kids. So it is working. I noted earlier that wages are rising at the fastest year-over-year rate since mid-2009 and that wage growth is accel-erating. Along with these lower tax rates—along with the changes we talked about in terms of doubling the standard deduction and doubling the child tax credit—people are feeling more hope and opportunity and, due in part to this lower business rate and more competitive international tax system, companies are looking to hire more. I mentioned that what I hear back in Ohio mostly now is this: We are look-ing for more workers. We are willing to hire people. We need the skills. There was a Gallup Poll taken in May, and a record number of Ameri-cans said, ‘‘Now is the time to find a quality job’’—a record number of Americans because they see the help 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11OC6.031 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6796 October 11, 2018 
wanted signs. In fact, the number of Americans who are employed part-time for economic reasons—who want to work full-time but can only find part- time work—is now the lowest it has been since December of 2007. So you have to go back more than 10 years to find the number of people employed part-time who want full-time work. That is the lowest it has been since De-cember of 2007. That is good. We want people to work full-time, not part- time. I believe we are going to continue to see this rising tide in our economy. I think there are some newer provisions in the Tax Code that are yet to be im-plemented that will help even more. There is a provision in the tax bill called opportunity zones where, if you invest in some of the neighborhoods in Ohio that have had the highest, per-sistent, stubborn rates of poverty, then you get a tax break. That is going to help increase investment in some of the poor neighborhoods. Those oppor-tunity zones are just getting started now, and that is going to help ensure that people who have fallen behind have a chance to catch up. John F. Kennedy once famously said that a rising tide lifts all boats. It can. But you have to be sure that you are going into those kinds of neighbor-hoods and ensuring they have the op-portunity to be lifted too. I think op-portunity zones will help there. Despite the strong and growing econ-omy, there does remain a weakness in our workforce that will continue to hold us back; that is, a lot of Ameri-cans are not looking for work. They are literally on the sidelines. Labor economists call that a low labor force participation rate. It means that the percentage of people in the workforce looking for a job is relatively low. So we have this strong economy, the lowest unemployment numbers we have had in years, going back to 1969; yet we have a lot of people in the shad-ows, on the sidelines, who aren’t even looking for work, so they don’t show up in the unemployment numbers. If you took the labor force participa-tion rate—again, the percentage of peo-ple in the workforce—and go back 10 years ago to just before the great re-cession and compare it to today, use the same labor force participation rate, what would you guess the unemploy-ment rate would be today? It is not 3.7 percent. It is more like 8.5 percent. As strong as this economy is, as good as things are, as optimistic as people are, the fact that wages are going up— all good things, and the tax bill is hugely responsible for that. It is help-ful. It has pulled a lot of people back into work who had part-time work or were underemployed. It hasn’t pulled people back into work altogether; there is still a big group of Americans, historically high numbers—probably 8 million men, as an example, between the ages of 25 and 55, able-bodied men who aren’t working. That is wrong, and it is wrong for them because they are not getting the dignity and self-respect that comes from work, helping them to be productive members of society. The numbers for women are perhaps not quite as high—but also at relatively high levels. It is also bad for our economy. We need these workers. We want these peo-ple in the workforce. Why has that happened? I think there are a few reasons. I think one reason is that Americans don’t have the skills we would hope they would have in order to meet the job requirements of today. What do I mean by that? Today, if you don’t have a technical skill— whether you are in healthcare, whether you are in manufacturing, or whether you are in one of the service indus-tries—it is hard to find a job. So to our young people here today: Get that skills training. If you look at the unemployment in Ohio right now—OhioMeansJobs is a website you can go on and see that there are a lot of jobs being offered on-line right now, yet there are a lot of people unemployed. Why is that? You see that a lot of these jobs being of-fered are for things like a machinist or a welder or someone with IT skills—in-formation technology skills. Coding is an example. If you have coding skills, you can get a job in Ohio. In healthcare, there are a lot of people who are being hired who have those technical skills, including coding skills, to provide for digitized healthcare records, as an example. If you look at the jobs that are being offered and you look at this high unem-ployment, you say it doesn’t make sense. Part of it is because the job skills aren’t there. There is a lot of exciting stuff going on in my State and in other States where there are colleges—particularly some of our community colleges—that are working closely with some of our businesses and also with some of our high schools. High schools have career and technical education now that is ex-panding in Ohio. I think we are doing a good job of getting more and more young people interested in career and technical education. Senator K
AINE, on the other side of the aisle, and I started a caucus to pro-mote CTE. We passed legislation re-cently to expand Federal incentives for career and technical education and to improve the standards. That is good. We are making progress, but we are not there yet. There is still a lot of skills training that should and can go on in order to provide people with the tools they need to ultimately be successful in today’s economy. So that is part of it. Part of it I think is the dependency trap. What do I mean by that? There is an issue when you are on government support, when you are dependent on government, and you want to go to work. It is both the fact that there is a cliff in terms of losing the benefits, and also there is a mountain in terms of higher taxes. One thing that some of us have worked on here—and we need to do more—is to say: How do you work with the States to provide for that transi-tion? If someone wants to go to work and leave a government program, how do you have some way to transition so that you don’t have this big cliff and this mountain ahead of you? That cre-ates a disincentive. I do think there is work to be done there, but I will tell you, I think the biggest single issue in terms of these relatively high numbers of people who are out of work altogether—the people who are on the sidelines—is actually the opioid crisis and the drug issue. Why do I say that? One, I see it back home. I go around my State; I spend a lot of time talking to people at treat-ment centers. I talk to people who are in recovery. I talk to people who are addicted. I talk to people who are ex-perts in providing treatment for that longer term recovery. I talk to first re-sponders. There are a lot of people in my State; we are probably in the top five in the country in terms of the per-centage of people addicted, the number of overdoses per capita, the number of deaths per capita. In America as a whole, we lost 72,000 people last year to drug overdoses. These are historically high numbers. These are record numbers, grim statis-tics. More people died last year of drug overdoses than we lost in the entire Vietnam conflict. Think about that. A lot of these people are addicted, but they aren’t part of the statistics you read about—the overdoses and deaths, as tragic as they are. There is another part of the statistic, which is the people who are not productive in life because they are not engaged any-more with their friends, their family, or their work. The drugs have become everything. I can give you a couple of statistics that I think are shocking. One is from the U.S. Department of Labor. They did a study of men between 25 and 55 who are out of the workforce, asking: How could this be—over 8 million men out of the workforce altogether—par-ticularly with low unemployment, the opportunities out there, the jobs that are being offered? They found that al-most half of those men acknowledged taking pain medication on a daily basis—on a daily basis. What does that mean? There was an-other study by the Brookings Institute. Brookings said that almost half of the people they surveyed said that they were taking pain medication on a reg-ular basis. One said the day before; one said on a daily basis. They also asked another question: How many of you are taking prescrip-tion drugs? Two-thirds of the people acknowledged taking prescription drugs, pain medication. These are shocking statistics. By the way, I do not believe this is over-reported; I believe it is underreported. Who is going to say that they are ad-dicted to pain medication? That is one 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11OC6.032 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6797 October 11, 2018 
reason within the legal system not to do that, but there are also other rea-sons not to do it. A lot of people still feel it is something they can’t talk about. We have changed that to a cer-tain extent. The stigma has been re-moved to a certain extent. In this body, I think we have helped by talk-ing about drug addiction as a disease, which I believe it is. You need to treat a disease as you would other diseases. It is not a moral failing; it is a disease that has to be medically treated. But there are people who are not coming forward who feel that stigma, there is no question about it. Probably 8 out of the 10 people in my State who are ad-dicted are not getting any kind of treatment. I think this is another issue we have to face for all the right reasons—to help these people get their lives back on track, to help these people be able to achieve what God’s purpose is for them, which certainly is not to be an addict and not to be actively using and not to be causing all the pain and de-struction it causes all through our so-ciety. The No. 1 cause of crime in my State of Ohio, in pretty much every county I represent, is this issue. It is not nec-essarily the drug use; it is the crime that goes along with it—the property crimes, theft, fraud, and so forth—to pay for the drug habit. If you go to the emergency room in Ohio, it is a normal issue they talk about. In our neonatal units—sad but true—more and more babies are being born with what is called neonatal ab-stinence syndrome, which means their moms were addicted. These kids have to be taken through withdrawal as ba-bies, provided morphine and other drugs just to get them through with-drawal. It is incredibly sad. We don’t know what the long-term impact will be on these kids, but it is a huge prob-lem. It is the No. 1 problem I see back home in our hospitals in taking care of our babies. If you go to our prisons, our jails, go to our courtrooms, what is the No. 1 issue? Drugs, primarily opioids. Of the 72,000 people who died of overdoses last year, the biggest single killer was not just opioids, it was fentanyl—this new synthetic opioid that has come in mostly from China, mostly through the Postal Service. It is outrageous that that continues to happen. We are tak-ing steps to address it. My point is, all of us are affected by this. You may not think you are, al-though more and more people see it di-rectly because their friends or family or they themselves are caught up in this, but all of us are affected, includ-ing our economy. As good as the economic numbers are, I am so glad we passed the tax re-form legislation because I really think it has helped spur this economic growth, and there is opportunity for so many people. It is increasing wages. It is doing so many good things. The next step is, as I see it, to say: OK, how do we take these people who are not in a position to get on that first rung of the economic ladder, much less the second and third, and climb up because of their addiction—how do we get them back on track, get them to face up to their addiction and get into treatment, get them into that longer term recovery, which we know works better to get them off of their addic-tion and get them back into a produc-tive life where they can reconnect not just with work but with their families, friends, their community, and their faith? The drugs become everything, as I have heard from so many addicts and recovering addicts. The American Action Forum released a report earlier this month that found that Ohio lost about 86,000 workers and about $72 billion in economic growth from 1999 to 2015 due to opioid addic-tion. This affects all of us, and it cer-tainly affects our economy. That is the next step we must make. In 2016, Congress started to get much more engaged in this issue. We passed two great bills, one called the Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. Senator S
HELDON WHITEHOUSE and I were the coauthors. This is broad, comprehensive legislation. Today, we were able to announce a number of grants to Ohio that are working to ex-pand treatment to ensure that some of these gaps are filled where people get addicted, overdose, Narcan is sup-plied—the miracle drug that reverses the effects of that overdose—and yet they go right back into the commu-nity. We don’t want that. We want to get them back into treatment. These grants will help. We also passed legislation called the 21st Century Cures Act, which provides funding directly back to the States. CARA goes to these nonprofits and other programs that are working, evi-dence-based programs to help with treatment and recovery and preven-tion. Cures goes to the States directly and allows the States to spread out that funding where it will help. Every State is a little different and has dif-ferent kinds of needs. We started to see progress on the ground. Again, the fentanyl has come in and overwhelmed a lot of the progress I have seen. On the fentanyl side, we passed legislation just last week that finally says to our post of-fice: You must screen these packages coming in from overseas because we know this poison is the No. 1 killer. There has been a 4,000-percent increase in fentanyl overdose deaths in my State of Ohio in the last 5 years. It is the No. 1 killer now. We know it is coming from the post office. It is com-ing to your P.O. box. It is coming to an abandoned warehouse from our post of-fice. We finally said to them: You have to close this loophole because if there is a loophole, they don’t have to pro-vide law enforcement the data on these packages that they need to find the needle in the haystack, which is too hard to find without that data. Private carriers have to provide that data to law enforcement; the post office does not. That is all going to change when the President signs this legislation next week. We are going to start to push back to keep some poison out of our communities, but we need to do much more. The legislation we passed this week also provides more funding for treat-ment. It gets rid of an outdated rule that says there can be only 16 beds in a treatment center if it gets Medicaid reimbursement. That is a vestige of years past during the deinstitu-tionalization of folks who had mental health issues, behavioral health issues, but it doesn’t work today because we want these good treatment centers that are doing a good job to be able to expand the number of beds they have for residential treatment because that is what works for some people. Unbelievably, today they have to turn people away, even though they are there, they are ready, and they can take these people, because there is a 16- bed limit. There are too many cases. I know of people in Ohio who have told me that when they were ready—in one case, a father told me that when his daughter was finally ready to go to a treatment center, he walked her down there. They went to the treatment cen-ter. She was ready to enter. She had come to that point in her life where she realized she needed to do this. They told her there was no room—no room at the inn—because of the 16-bed limit. In the next 2 weeks, while she was waiting to get into that treatment cen-ter, you know what happened—she used again. She was addicted. She overdosed, and she died in her parents’ home. That father is very happy about this legislation. It also includes language to help with regard to these moms and kids we talked about earlier. That is important as well. It helps to ensure that there is a safe plan for these mothers who are addicted to taper off from their use of drugs so that their babies are born in a healthy state and don’t have to go through what I talked about earlier, which is incredibly sad to see, trag-ically, where literally these babies born with neonatal abstinence syn-drome have to be taken through with-drawal. It also includes the CRIB Act legisla-tion, which is bipartisan, as were all these bills I am talking about. Senator D
ICKDURBIN and I have worked on the IMD exclusion—the issue with the 16 beds—for many years. We finally got it done. The CRIB Act is one that pro-vides support for these babies we talked about because often the babies can’t go back to their folks. Their par-ents are addicted. Where are they going to go? There are nonprofits that have sprung up that provide help for these babies, help to get them into the right foster care, perhaps to get them with a grandparent or a great-grandparent, which is happening more and more in my State because the parents are not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11OC6.033 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6798 October 11, 2018 
capable or able to take care of these kids. The parents need to focus, one would hope, on their own treatment and recovery. Sometimes they do, and sometimes they don’t. The point is, the baby can’t be with them, and these or-ganizations are in a position to help. These organizations, like Brigid’s Path in Dayton, OH, have volunteers who come in just to hold the babies, just to show the babies the love they need so desperately. They couldn’t get reim-bursement from the Federal Govern-ment. Now they can under the CRIB Act that we just passed. This will help the babies, the moms, with treatment, and keeping the poison out. It is help-ful. As we discussed this afternoon, in combination with a stronger economy that comes from the kinds of fiscal and economic policies we have pursued here, especially the tax reform and reg-ulatory relief—that combination can lead to great things because it can pro-vide an opportunity, if people are ready to get on that next rung of the ladder, for them to find an opportunity for themselves and their family because they have dealt with their addiction. A rising tide can lift all boats, and this growing economy gives us an oppor-tunity to bring people out of the shad-ows and into a productive life of work, family, and faith. In the midst of the opioid epidemic, we have to do more to catch those who fall through the cracks and help those who are gripped by addiction find more meaning and purpose in their lives, and we now have that opportunity. That is what is exciting about it. I am pleased that our new opioid leg-islation is going to be signed into law by the President next week. I am pleased to see the progress with the economy based on the policies we have passed here, to provide people with a little more take-home pay, to be able to give companies more incentive to invest, and to level the playing field internationally for American workers who are being disadvantaged. It is com-ing together, and it is working. Let’s combine that with an equal focus on dealing with the opioid crisis, and we will see so many other people take ad-vantage of their American dream. I yield back my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. 
OHIO BLUE RIBBON SCHOOLS  
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, each year the Department of Education hon-ors schools around the country that have a clear record of serving students of all backgrounds and helping all stu-dents excel. This year, 16 Ohio schools were among 349 National Blue Ribbon Schools, honoring the hard work of students, teachers, parents, and every-one in the community who works to make these schools a success—from cafeteria workers to principals, to stu-dents, to parents, to neighbors. These schools represent the great di-versity in our State—rural and small- town schools, urban and suburban schools, all designated as ‘‘exemplary high performing schools.’’ I would like to read the names of these 16 schools in Ohio: Bath Elemen-tary School, Bluffton Elementary School, Brecksville-Broadview Heights Middle School, Central Elementary School, Hazel Harvey Elementary School, Indian Riffle Elementary School, John Foster Dulles Elementary School, Maplewood Elementary School, Mariemont Elementary School, Mother Teresa Catholic Elementary School, Notre Dame-Cathedral Latin School, Oakwood Elementary School, Saint Andrew-Saint Elizabeth Ann Seton Catholic School, Stadium Drive Ele-mentary School, and Twin Oak Ele-mentary School. The other school, in addition to these 16, is particularly close to my heart. It is called the Mansfield Spanish Immer-sion School. It sits on Euclid Avenue. It is the new school in the building where I went to elementary school, then called Brinkerhoff Elementary. It has since become a Spanish immersion school. Brinkerhoff was built, I believe, in the 1950s. I attended there and both of my brothers attended there from kindergarten through the sixth grade. The school reopened as a public mag-net school a decade ago, with a class of 11 kindergartners, under the leadership of our neighbor Jody Nash. Over the past 10 years, under Prin-cipal Nash, and now under the current principal, Gabe Costa, the school has grown to more than 250 students across 9 grades. Last year the school expanded to add seventh and eighth grade for the first time and had a third section of kinder-gartners. Core subjects are taught in Spanish, helping Richland County students learn a second language from a young age. These students don’t just excel in Spanish. The school is consistently ranked a top school in the State and has gotten high marks for serving stu-dents from diverse backgrounds. I would add that there are not a huge number of people in Mansfield, OH, my hometown, whose parents are speaking Spanish at home. Most of these stu-dents are learning Spanish for the first time in their families. Two years ago, the Brinkerhoff School, or the Mansfield Spanish Im-mersion School, was 1 of 2 schools in Ohio and 100 across the Nation to re-ceive a National Title I Distinguished Schools Award for making progress in closing the achievement gap between disadvantaged students and their peers. Awards like this mean so much to a community. They are a reminder that academic excellence isn’t limited to ex-clusive private schools or wealthy com-munities on the coasts. Too many people in this town of Washington want to refer to us as the Rust Belt—that outdated, offensive term that demeans our workers and de-values who we are. It devalues the in-credible work schools like this are doing in our State, preparing our stu-dents for the global economy of the fu-ture. These schools are not rusty. They are thriving. Congratulations to all 16 of this year’s Ohio Blue Ribbon Schools—all examples to our State and to our coun-try and why we are so proud of them. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-MENT—EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at 4:45 p.m. today, the Senate proceed to exec-utive session for the consideration of the following nominations: Executive Calendar Nos. 1007, David James Por-ter; 1081, Ryan Nelson; 1082, Richard Sullivan; 627, William Ray; 628, Liles Clifton Burke; 629, Michael Juneau; 634, Mark Norris; 638, Eli Richardson; 894, Thomas Kleeh; 907, Jeremy Kernodle; 895, Peter Phipps; 905, Susan Brnovich; 906, Chad Kenney; 945, James Hanlon; 947, Lance Walker; further, I ask con-sent that the Senate vote on the nomi-nations in the order listed, with 2 min-utes of debate equally divided prior to each vote; that for each nomination that is confirmed, the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table, the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action, that no further motions be in order, and that any statements relating to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF DAVID PORTER  
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I rise to speak in support of the nomination of David James Porter, of Pennsylvania, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit. Mr. Porter has deep roots in Pennsyl-vania. It is where he was born and raised by two public school educators who taught him and his siblings the value of hard work and education. Mr. Porter and his wife Valerie settled in western Pennsylvania and have raised their six children there during their 28 years of marriage. He is widely regarded as one of the preeminent attorneys in western Penn-sylvania. Mr. Porter has a wealth of legal experience that will make him an outstanding judge. Currently, he is a shareholder in the Pittsburgh office of Buchanan Ingersoll & Rooney, a lead-ing national law firm. During his 23 years at that firm, he has worked as a litigator on numerous complex com-mercial, regulatory, and constitutional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11OC6.035 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6799 October 11, 2018 
matters in both State and Federal courts, including the Third Circuit. He has represented a diverse set of clients, including the New York Times and Pennsylvania’s former Democratic Governor Ed Rendell. Prior to joining Buchanan Ingersoll, Mr. Porter served for 2 years as a law clerk for current Chief Judge D. Brooks Smith of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit, while he was serving as a U.S. District Judge for the West-ern District of Pennsylvania. In addi-tion to his law firm practice, Mr. Por-ter has served in numerous professional service and other organizations. For example, he has been a leader in the Allegheny County Bar Association. His peers elected him to serve as the chair of two of that association’s preeminent sections: the Federal court section and the civil litigation section. He also served on the Pennsylvania State Advi-sory Committee of the U.S. Commis-sion on Civil Rights. During his distinguished legal career, Mr. Porter has developed an out-standing reputation for profes-sionalism, fairness, and integrity. His nomination is supported by a diverse group of attorneys and organizations, including the Pittsburgh firefighters union—IAFF Local No. 1— the current president and a past president of the National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives, and the presi-dent of the Pittsburgh Steelers. Mr. Porter has all the essential quali-ties needed to excel as a Federal judge: experience, intelligence, integrity, and respect for the limited role of the judi-ciary in our constitutional system. I am pleased to support this highly qualified nominee and urge my col-leagues to do the same. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nomination, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of David James Porter, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Cir-cuit. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I yield back all time. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. All time is yielded back. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Porter nomina-tion? The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs. FEIN-
STEIN ), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ), the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ), and the Sen-ator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. K
EN-
NEDY ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 50, nays 45, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 231 Ex.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Kyl Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—45 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Gillibrand Harris Hassan Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—5 
Feinstein Heinrich Heitkamp Nelson Rubio 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the votes in this series be 10 minutes in length. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I yield back all time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The clerk will report the next nomi-nation. The assistant bill clerk read the nomination of Ryan Douglas Nelson, of Idaho, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Nelson nomination? Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. RUBIO). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN ), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ), the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ), and the Sen-ator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 51, nays 44, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 232 Ex.] YEAS—51 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kennedy Kyl Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—44 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Gillibrand Harris Hassan Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—5 
Feinstein Heinrich Heitkamp Nelson Rubio 
The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the next nomination. The assistant bill clerk read the nomination of Richard J. Sullivan, of New York, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Second Circuit. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Sullivan nomination? Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN ), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ), the Senator from North 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.009 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6800 October 11, 2018 
Dakota (Ms. H EITKAMP ), and the Sen-ator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) are necessarily absent. The result was announced—yeas 79, nays 16, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 233 Ex.] YEAS—79 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Kyl Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski Murphy Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—16 
Booker Brown Cantwell Cortez Masto Gillibrand Harris Hirono Klobuchar Markey Merkley Murray Sanders Smith Stabenow Udall Warren 
NOT VOTING—5 
Feinstein Heinrich Heitkamp Nelson Rubio 
The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the next nomination. The assistant bill clerk read the nomination of William M. Ray II, of Georgia, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Ray nomination? Mr. CORNYN. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN ), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ), the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ), and the Sen-ator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 54, nays 41, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 234 Ex.] YEAS—54 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kennedy Kyl Lankford Lee Manchin McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—41 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Duckworth Durbin Gillibrand Harris Hassan Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—5 
Feinstein Heinrich Heitkamp Nelson Rubio 
The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the next nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Liles Clifton Burke, of Alabama, to be United States District Judge for the Northern Dis-trict of Alabama. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Burke nomination? Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN ), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ), the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ), and the Sen-ator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 55, nays 40, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 235 Ex.] YEAS—55 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kennedy Kyl Lankford Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young NAYS—40 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Duckworth Durbin Gillibrand Harris Hassan Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—5 
Feinstein Heinrich Heitkamp Nelson Rubio 
The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the next nomination. The bill clerk read the nomination of Michael Joseph Juneau, of Louisiana, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Juneau nomination? Mr. BARRASSO. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN ), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ), the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ), and the Sen-ator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 54, nays 41, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 236 Ex.] YEAS—54 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.011 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6801 October 11, 2018 
Isakson Johnson Jones Kennedy Kyl Lankford Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—41 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Duckworth Durbin Gillibrand Harris Hassan Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—5 
Feinstein Heinrich Heitkamp Nelson Rubio 
The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the next nomination. The assistant bill clerk read the nomination of Mark Saalfield Norris, Sr., of Tennessee, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Norris nomination? Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN ), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ), the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ), and the Sen-ator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 51, nays 44, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 237 Ex.] YEAS—51 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kennedy Kyl Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young NAYS—44 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Gillibrand Harris Hassan Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—5 
Feinstein Heinrich Heitkamp Nelson Rubio 
The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the next nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Eli Jeremy Richardson, of Tennessee, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Ten-nessee. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Richardson nomination? Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN ), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ), the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ), and the Sen-ator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 52, nays 43, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 238 Ex.] YEAS—52 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Kyl Lankford Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—43 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Gillibrand Harris Hassan Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden NOT VOTING—5 
Feinstein Heinrich Heitkamp Nelson Rubio 
The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the next nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Thomas S. Kleeh, of West Virginia, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of West Virginia. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Kleeh nomination? Mrs. CAPITO. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN ), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ), the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ), and the Sen-ator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B
OOZMAN ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 65, nays 30, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 239 Ex.] YEAS—65 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Carper Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kennedy King Kyl Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Murphy Paul Perdue Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Shaheen Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Warner Whitehouse Wicker Young 
NAYS—30 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Casey Cortez Masto 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.017 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6802 October 11, 2018 
Duckworth Durbin Gillibrand Harris Hirono Kaine Klobuchar Markey Menendez Merkley Murray Peters Sanders Schatz Schumer Smith Stabenow Udall Van Hollen Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—5 
Feinstein Heinrich Heitkamp Nelson Rubio 
The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the next nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Jeremy D. Kernodle, of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Texas. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Kernodle nomination? The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the next nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Peter J. Phipps, of Pennsyl-vania, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Penn-sylvania. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Phipps nomination? The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the next nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Susan Brnovich, of Arizona, to be United States District Judge for the District of Arizona. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Brnovich nomination? The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the next nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Chad F. Kenney, of Pennsylvania, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Kenney nomination? The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the next nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of James Patrick Hanlon, of In-diana, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Indi-ana. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Hanlon nomination? The nomination was confirmed. f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the next nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as the nomination of Lance E. Walker, of Maine, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maine. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise to support the nomination of Justice Lance Walker of Maine to serve on the U.S. District Court for the State of Maine. With nearly two decades of ex-perience as both an attorney and as a judge in Maine, Justice Walker is well- qualified for the Federal bench. Justice Walker is a lifelong Mainer, where he lives with his wife Heidi and their two daughters, Ava and Dylan. He was born in the small town of Milo and raised in Dover-Foxcroft. He graduated from the University of Maine and from the University of Maine School of Law, with honors. He clerked for the Maine Superior Court before entering private practice. Early in his career, Justice Walker distinguished himself as a skilled trial and appellate attorney at the law firm of Norman, Hanson & DeTroy, one of the premier law firms in Maine. He tried cases before juries and judges throughout Maine and in Federal Court and was selected for recognition in re-spected peer-reviewed legal publica-tions such as Benchmark Litigation, Super Lawyers, and Best Lawyers in America. In 2014, Justice Walker was unani-mously confirmed to the Maine Dis-trict Court by the Maine State Senate. He adjudicated a wide variety of cases primarily in Androscoggin and Oxford Counties. A year later, Justice Walker was nominated to serve on the Maine Superior Court, Maine’s trial court of general jurisdiction, a post to which he was also unanimously confirmed. Jus-tice Walker has presided over complex criminal and civil cases, appeals, postconviction reviews, and jury trials. As a judge, Justice Walker has spo-ken with recovering addicts and care-givers about opioid addiction and its intersection with the criminal justice system, an issue that is of urgent im-portance to communities across Maine. The Judiciary Committee received several letters of support from legal professionals in Maine who know Jus-tice Walker well, including from attor-neys who have appeared before him, and from the Maine Trial Lawyers As-sociation. Justice Walker has a reputa-tion for fairness and respect for the law. As Daniel Wathen, former chief justice of the Maine Supreme Court, wrote: ‘‘I have known a lot of lawyers and judges in my fifty three year legal career in Maine, and I can think of no one who is better qualified to assume the trial bench in the federal court sys-tem. Having served on the Supreme Court of Maine for more than twenty years, I believe that I can recognize a good judge. Lance’s nomination is well deserved and if confirmed, he will serve with integrity, competence, and hu-manity. In short, he will add to the strength and stature of the distin-guished federal bench in Maine.’’ Justice Walker has the intellect, ex-perience, integrity, temperament, and respect for the Constitution and the rule of law that are essential in a Fed-eral judge. His experience in private practice and as a State judge makes him well-qualified for the Federal dis-trict court, and if confirmed, he will serve the people of Maine and the Na-tion fairly and capably. I urge my colleagues to support this nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Walker nomination? The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, for all the nomina-tions confirmed, the motions to recon-sider are considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s actions. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
UNITED STATES PAROLE COMMIS-SION EXTENSION ACT OF 2018 Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on the Ju-diciary be discharged from further con-sideration of H.R. 6896 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consider-ation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 6896) to provide for the contin-ued performance of the functions of the United States Parole Commission, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the com-mittee was discharged and the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.020 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6803 October 11, 2018 
and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 6896) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
AMENDING THE WHITE MOUNTAIN APACHE TRIBE WATER RIGHTS QUANTIFICATION ACT OF 2010 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand the Senate received a mes-sage from the House to accompany S. 140. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator is correct. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask that the Chair lay before the Sen-ate the message from the House to ac-company S. 140. The Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, that the bill from the Senate (S. 140) entitled ‘‘An Act to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quan-tification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund’’ do pass with an amendment. 
Pending: 
McConnell motion to concur in the amend-ment of the House to the bill. McConnell motion to concur in the amend-ment of the House to the bill, with McCon-nell amendment No. 2232 (to the amendment of the House to the bill), in the nature of a substitute. McConnell amendment No. 2233 (to amend-ment No. 2232), to change the enactment date. McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with instructions, McConnell amendment No. 2234, to change the enactment date. McConnell amendment No. 2235 (to (the in-structions) amendment No. 2234), of a per-fecting nature. McConnell amendment No. 2236 (to amend-ment No. 2235), of a perfecting nature. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to concur, the motion to concur with further amendment, and the mo-tion to refer with instructions be with-drawn. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. MOTION TO CONCUR—S. 140 Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to concur in the House amend-ment with a further amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the amendment. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] moves to concur in the House amend-ment to S. 140 with further amendment No. 4054. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the read-ing of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk on the motion to concur on the further amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur in the House amendment to accompany S. 140, an act to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quan-tification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund with a further amendment. Mitch McConnell, John Thune, Roy Blunt, Johnny Isakson, Mike Rounds, Jon Kyl, Tom Cotton, Roger F. Wicker, Thom Tillis, John Boozman, Steve Daines, John Barrasso, David Perdue, Pat Roberts, John Hoeven, Mike Crapo, Lindsey Graham. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, the cloture vote occur at 5:30 p.m. on Tuesday, Novem-ber 13; further, that no further amend-ments or motions be in order, and that if cloture is invoked, all postcloture time expire at 2:15 p.m. on Wednesday, November 14. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 909. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Michelle Bow-man, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System for the unexpired term of fourteen years from February 1, 2006. CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Michelle Bowman, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for the unexpired term of fourteen years from February 1, 2006. Mitch McConnell, Mike Rounds, Jon Kyl, Tom Cotton, John Thune, Roger F. Wicker, Thom Tillis, John Boozman, Steve Daines, John Barrasso, David Perdue, Johnny Isakson, Pat Roberts, John Hoeven, Mike Crapo, Lindsey Graham, Jerry Moran. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that this cloture motion ripen following disposition of the motion to concur with respect to S. 140. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following nominations: Ex-ecutive Calendar Nos. 1093 and 1094. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nominations of Jason R. Dunn, of Colorado, to be United States Attorney for the District of Colorado for the term of four years; and Dallas L. Carlson, of North Dakota, to be United States Marshal for the District of North Dakota for the term of four years. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the Senate vote on the nominations en bloc with no inter-vening action or debate; that if con-firmed, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc; that the President be im-mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relat-ing to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:48 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11OC6.049 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6804 October 11, 2018 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Dunn and Carl-son nominations en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following nominations: Ex-ecutive Calendar Nos. 694, 920, and 921. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nominations of Adam I. Klein, of the District of Columbia, to be Chairman and Member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board for a term expiring January 29, 2024; Ed-ward W. Felten, of New Jersey, to be a Member of the Privacy and Civil Lib-erties Oversight Board for the remain-der of the term expiring January 29, 2019; and Jane Nitze, of the District of Columbia, to be a Member of the Pri-vacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board for a term expiring January 29, 2023. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the Senate vote on the nominations en bloc with no inter-vening action or debate; that if con-firmed, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc; that the President be im-mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relat-ing to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Klein, Felten, and Nitze nominations en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of the following nomination: Executive Cal-endar No. 1077. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of James Morhard, of Virginia, to be Deputy Ad-ministrator of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senate vote on the nomination with no inter-vening action or debate; that if con-firmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relating to the nomination be printed in the RECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Morhard nomi-nation? The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following nominations: Ex-ecutive Calendar Nos. 1031, 1032, 1057, 1097, 1098, 1100, and 1101. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nominations of Kimberly Breier, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Western Hemi-sphere Affairs); Denise Natali, of New Jersey, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Conflict and Stabilization Oper-ations); John Cotton Richmond, of Vir-ginia, to be Director of the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking, with the rank of Ambassador at Large; Karen L. Williams, of Missouri, a Ca-reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Suriname; Kevin K. Sullivan, of Ohio, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Am-bassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Nicaragua; Donald Y. Yamamoto, of Washington, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Career Minister, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Federal Republic of So-malia; and Earl Robert Miller, of Michigan, a Career Member of the Sen-ior Foreign Service, Class of Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the People’s Republic of Bangladesh. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nominations en bloc with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further mo-tions be in order; and that any state-ments relating to the nominations be printed in the RECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Breier, Natali, Richmond, Williams, Sullivan, Yamamoto, and Miller nominations en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of Ex-ecutive Calendar No. 1111. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Robert H. McMahon, of Georgia, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Defense. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nomination with no in-tervening action or debate; that if con-firmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the McMahon nom-ination? The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of the following nomination: Executive Cal-endar No. 1105. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Harold B. Parker, of New Hampshire, to be Fed-eral Cochairperson of the Northern Border Regional Commission. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the Senate vote on the nomination with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further mo-tions be in order; and that any state-ments relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Parker nomina-tion? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11OC6.055 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6805 October 11, 2018 
The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of the following nomination: Executive Cal-endar No. 1126. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Peter Gaynor, of Rhode Island, to be Deputy Adminis-trator, Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency, Department of Homeland Security. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the Senate vote on the nomination with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further mo-tions be in order; and that any state-ments relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Gaynor nomi-nation? The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of the following nomination: PN2386. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Mary Elizabeth Taylor, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Legislative Affairs). Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the Senate vote on the nomination with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further mo-tions be in order; and that any state-ments relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Taylor nomina-tion? The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of Cal-endar Nos. 1130 to 1133 and all nomina-tions placed on the Secretary’s desk in the Air Force, Army, and Navy; that the nominations be confirmed and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the RECORD ; that the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action and the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The nominations considered and con-firmed en bloc are as follows: 
IN THE ARMY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be general Gen. Robert B. Abrams 
IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be admiral Vice Adm. Craig S. Faller 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Lt. Gen. Jerry D. Harris, Jr. 
IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be vice admiral Vice Adm. Andrew L. Lewis N
OMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S D
ESK 
IN THE AIR FORCE  PN2158 AIR FORCE nominations (173) be-ginning BRUCE A. ABBOTT, and ending SHIRLEY B. ZISER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 18, 2018. PN2535 AIR FORCE nominations (4) begin-ning PATRICK C. DEGRAAF, and ending CHRISTOPHER L. PRIDGEN, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of Sep-tember 24, 2018. 
IN THE ARMY  PN2203 ARMY nominations (14) beginning GARY W. BROCK, JR., and ending JOHN M. WILSON, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 20, 2018. PN2536 ARMY nomination of John J. Kaikkonen, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 24, 2018. PN2537 ARMY nomination of Marc A. Pat-terson, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Sep-tember 24, 2018. PN2539 ARMY nomination of James B. Elledge, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 24, 2018. PN2551 ARMY nominations (11) beginning MICAH B. BELL, and ending TANYA R. TROUT, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of September 28, 2018. IN THE NAVY  PN2474 NAVY nominations (2) beginning MARCUS N. FULTON, and ending FRANK D. HUTCHISON, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 11, 2018. PN2540 NAVY nomination of Tilford L. Clark, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Sep-tember 24, 2018. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNIZING KENTUCKY HIGH-LANDS INVESTMENT CORPORA-TION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I would like to take a moment to recog-nize the 50th anniversary of one of the great economic development organiza-tions in my home State, the Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation, KHIC. Throughout 22 counties in south-eastern Kentucky, this community de-velopment institution provides the nec-essary assistance to groups by bringing new opportunities to the region. Since its creation in 1968, the KHIC claims a remarkable record of financial investment and job creation. In fulfill-ment of its founding mission, the orga-nization has invested more than $350 million and helped create or maintain approximately 22,000 jobs. A significant amount of the KHIC’s success has oc-curred in Promise Zones, federally des-ignated regions of high poverty. I ap-plaud organizations that are able to en-courage economic growth in the areas of greatest need, and I am especially proud of the KHIC for doing just that. To accomplish its goals, the KHIC fo-cuses its efforts on four main areas: providing loans and giving equity in-vestments, building housing solutions and driving innovation. The KHIC col-laborates with experienced entre-preneurs and community leaders who offer guidance and support to a wide variety of small businesses in this re-gion, and it is easy to see the half-cen-tury of success that has resulted. I have proudly supported the KHIC’s work in its applications for competi-tive Federal grants. Much to my de-light, their programming has been awarded Federal grant resources to bolster its successful work in Ken-tucky. I will continue to work with the KHIC and other groups to make a dif-ference in our Commonwealth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11OC6.057 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6806 October 11, 2018 
It is my privilege to congratulate the men and women of the KHIC for their golden anniversary. Under the leader-ship of the chairman of the board of di-rectors William Singleton and presi-dent and CEO Jerry Rickett, the people of southeastern Kentucky have strong advocates working tirelessly on their behalf. In particular, I want to thank Jerry Rickett for his many years of outstanding work for the people of southeastern Kentucky. I would like to extend my sincere congratulations to the KHIC and its staff and supporters, as the organization celebrates 50 years of accomplishment. Along with my Senate colleagues, I wish them the best and look forward to the KHIC’s many future successes. 
f 
PURDUE GLOBAL UNIVERSITY Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, more than a year ago, Senator S
HERROD  B
ROWN of Ohio and I sent a letter to Purdue University President Mitch Daniels in which we expressed our con-cerns about Purdue’s proposed acquisi-tion of the predatory, for-profit Kaplan University. Kaplan was notorious in the for-prof-it college industry for their mistreat-ment of students. They had been the subject of numer-ous State and Federal investigations and lawsuits for misleading marketing claims, inflated job placement num-bers, and unfair recruiting. As Senator B
ROWN and I cautioned at the time, Kaplan’s troubled history posed major risks for Purdue’s current students and the institution’s reputa-tion as a top public university. We suggested that at the very least Purdue should commit to clear protec-tions and reforms for students if it in-tended to press on with the trans-action. Among our suggestions was an end to the use of predispute mandatory arbi-tration in student enrollment. Predispute mandatory arbitration clauses prevent students from bringing suit against a school in a court of law when the school harms a student, like misleading them about job placement rates or luring them with other false information. Instead, students are forced into a dispute resolution process, known as arbitration, which lacks the procedures and precedents of the court system and is often stacked against students. The proceedings themselves, includ-ing the outcome, are secret which hides misconduct from regulators and accreditors. The clauses are often buried in the fine print of stacks of enrollment docu-ments that students must sign in order to enroll. The practice, along with class action bans which prevent students from bringing suit as a group, are a hall-mark of the for-profit college industry; schools like Corinthian, ITT Tech, and Kaplan notoriously used the practice to shield themselves from being held accountable while exploiting students and taxpayers. But predispute mandatory arbitra-tion and class action bans are almost unheard of at public and legitimate not-for-profit institutions of higher education. In fact, in an August 30 public com-ment letter to the Department of Edu-cation, the Association of Public and Land-Grant Universities, APLU, of which Purdue is a member, and other education organizations wrote, ‘‘We fail to see how allowing [pre-dispute mandatory arbitration and class action bans] is beneficial to the public.’’ Since the Purdue-Kaplan deal was fi-nalized, creating Purdue Global Uni-versity, it turns out that the new school continues to use predispute mandatory arbitration and class action bans. In response to it coming to light, a Purdue spokesman said that the prac-tice was ‘‘inherited from Kaplan,’’ in an apparent attempt to deflect respon-sibility. The spokesman went on to assert that the Purdue board ‘‘has complete control over Purdue Global, and has the final say as to which policies it re-tains, and which it alters . . . and to enact whatever policies it deems to be in the interest of students . . .’’ Well, Purdue can’t have it both ways. Either the continued use of predispute mandatory arbitration and class actions bans are a remnant of Kaplan that the board disvows—in which case, the board should use its au-thority to immediately end the prac-tice—or the board must accept respon-sibility for the practice continuing under its control and acknowledge predispute mandatory arbitration as an affirmed Purdue policy that it ‘‘deems to be in the best interest of students.’’ As Senator B
ROWN and I told the Pur-due Board in a new letter recently, they have to choose. We will be waiting. I want to be clear: Anything short of meeting the high bar set by Purdue’s fellow public universities and APLU in-stitutions—not using predispute man-datory arbitration and class action bans in student enrollment—will be a betrayal of students and Indiana tax-payers. 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, due to an excused absence on October 11, 2018, I was unable to vote on several ju-dicial nominations. Had I been present I would have voted in the following matter: On Executive Calendar No. 1007, on the nomination of David James Porter, of Pennsylvania, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, I intended to vote nay. On Executive Calendar No. 1081, on the nomination of Ryan Douglas Nel-son, of Idaho, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, I intended to vote nay. On Executive Calendar No. 1082, on the nomination of Richard J. Sullivan, of New York, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Second Circuit, I intended to vote yea. On Executive Calendar No. 627, on the nomination of William M. Ray II, of Georgia, to be U.S. District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia, I intended to vote nay. On Executive Calendar No. 628, on the nomination of Liles Clifton Burke, of Alabama, to be U.S. District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama, I intended to vote nay. On Executive Calendar No. 629, on the nomination of Michael Joseph Ju-neau, of Louisiana, to be U.S. District Judge for the Western District of Lou-isiana, I intended to vote nay. On Executive Calendar No. 634, on the nomination of Mark Saalfield Nor-ris, Sr., of Tennessee, to be U.S. Dis-trict Judge for the Western District of Tennessee, I intended to vote nay. On Executive Calendar No. 638, on the nomination of Eli Jeremy Richard-son, of Tennessee, to be U.S. District Judge for the Middle District of Ten-nessee, I intended to vote nay. On Executive Calendar No. 894, on the nomination of Thomas S. Kleeh, of West Virginia, to be U.S. District Judge for the Northern District of West Virginia, I intended to vote nay. (At the request of Mr. CORNYN , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
HURRICANE MICHAEL ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, due to Hurricane Michael’s direct hit on Flor-ida’s panhandle, I am traveling to northwest Florida to survey the devas-tation that has occurred in my home State. Yesterday, Hurricane Michael made landfall as a devastating, high- end Category 4 hurricane, near Mexico Beach. Initial reports indicate more than 400,000 utility customers in Flor-ida are without power and areas within the storm’s path have been decimated. Therefore, given these circumstances and the fact that my vote would not have been determinative of the out-come of the measures before the Sen-ate, I will survey the damage firsthand and help coordinate efforts between Federal, State, and local officials. ∑ 
f 
PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD NOMINEES Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I rise today to comment on the confirmation of three nominees to the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, often called the PCLOB. The PCLOB is a vital oversight mechanism, empowered by Congress to investigate and write public reports on some of the govern-ment’s most secretive and controver-sial programs. Today, three board member nominees were confirmed to the PCLOB: Edward Felten, a computer science professor at Princeton; Jane Nitze, a former lawyer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:48 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.062 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6807 October 11, 2018 
at the Department of Justice Office of Legal Counsel; and Adam Klein, nomi-nated to be chair, who is a fellow at the Center for New American Security. I have concerns about some of the policy perspectives the Republican nominees hold. In this case, however, a functioning PCLOB with board mem-bers who listen to dissenting views is better than the status quo, where the five-member board has only one mem-ber. The PCLOB has been dormant for most of the current administration and regrettably—and in contrary to its statutory mission—has not made all of its previously investigated and written reports public. I look forward to work-ing with the new board members to re-turning the PCLOB to its core mission of public oversight of classified pro-grams. Additionally, I am particularly grateful for Professor Felten’s con-firmation. The presence of a true pub-lic servant technologist on the PCLOB will hopefully raise awareness and un-derstanding surrounding controversial surveillance programs that use ad-vanced technology. In the coming weeks and months, I will be working with the new board members on the critical issues of pri-vacy, security, and secret interpreta-tions of public law. It is my sincere hope that the new members share my deeply held belief that the government should not have classified interpreta-tions of public laws that cause the pro-grams to operate differently than the public understands. 
f 
S. 3021 Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, the passage of the bipartisan America’s Water Infrastructure Act, more com-monly called the 2018 WRDA bill, is celebrated by a wide spectrum of sup-porters, including environmental orga-nizations, national associations rep-resenting cities and counties, and water and coastal business associa-tions. I would like to commend the chair-man, the ranking member, and the staff of the Environment and Public Works Committee for their hard work on this bill. I appreciate their consider-ation of my requests and their willing-ness to work with my staff in ensuring Rhode Island’s needs are well rep-resented in the final WRDA bill. In particular, the American Water Infrastructure Act includes my provi-sion directing the Army Corps of Engi-neers to study the resiliency of harbors of refuge and hurricane barriers in the North Atlantic, like the Fox Point Hurricane Barrier in Providence, that are under threat from rising sea levels and stronger storm surge. Though they may be able to endure current condi-tions, extra feet of sea level rise cou-pled with stronger storm surges will overpower the capabilities of many of these structures. We need to get ahead of these consequences of climate change and protect our coastal commu-nities, instead of waiting for these bar-riers to fail and imperil coastal homes and businesses. As oceans overtake our coastal infra-structure, we will also need to look to new and innovative building materials and techniques that can endure corro-sive saltwater and other harsh environ-mental conditions. This WRDA bill also includes my provision requiring the Corps to submit a report to Con-gress summarizing its research and in-vestments in innovative materials, like Rhode Island-created composites, in- water infrastructure projects, and rec-ommend in which Army Corps projects those materials could be used. This year’s WRDA bill also instructs the Corps to study the extent to which it has made use of its authority to clean up waterways littered with ma-rine debris, like the deteriorating wooden pilings in the Providence River. It also expedites the completion of important projects and studies in Rhode Island, like the Providence River dredging project, Pawcatuck coastal risk management study, and the Rhode Island historical structure flood hazard vulnerability assessment that will bolster Rhode Island’s coastal economy and prepare it for future con-ditions. Overall, the bill does well to give spe-cial consideration to coastal commu-nities, also requiring the Corps to con-sider natural infrastructure solutions to flood and storm damage risk reduc-tion projects, prioritize coastal erosion mitigation projects in New England, and assess coastal resiliency needs for the Great Lakes. Though only 17 per-cent of total land area, the United States’ coastal counties are home to over half of the U.S. population and were responsible for 48 percent of the country’s GDP in 2017. Investing in our coasts is an investment in the well- being of the entire country’s economy. I am also grateful this bill includes a focus on our water infrastructure. In addition to reauthorizing the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund and WIFIA programs, it also creates a new water financing opportunity that will better support water infrastructure projects in small-and medium-sized communities. I am, proud to be a co-sponsor of the SRF WIN Act which cre-ates this new program and thank Sen-ators B
OOZMAN and B OOKER for their leadership on this issue. I look forward to working with my colleagues, the Corps of Engineers, the Environmental Protection Agency, and Rhode Islanders as we move towards implementing this important infra-structure bill. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, this week the Senate completed work on America’s Water Infrastructure Act of 2018, a new water resources develop-ment bill that authorizes U.S. Army Corps of Engineers civil works activi-ties and drinking water and waste-water infrastructure improvements. The legislation will invest in numer-ous infrastructure projects in Mary-land and across the country and in-cludes funding to repair aging drinking water, wastewater, and irrigation sys-tems, protect Americans from dan-gerous floodwaters, and increase public participation and State funding flexi-bility in local infrastructure projects. This bill rejects the Trump adminis-tration’s proposed reclassification of the Poplar Island restoration project, which could imperil the progress of this national model for restoration suc-cess located in Talbot County and ex-tends the original 7-year authorization of the Mid-Bay Islands Ecosystem Res-toration Project, focused on James and Barren Islands in Dorchester County, by an additional 3 years, to total 10 years. To allow for greater involvement of local governments in project selection, the bill requires the Army Corps of En-gineers to increase public participation by, at a minimum, holding annual pub-lic meetings at the district level, pro-viding information about the adminis-tration’s budget requests, and allowing non-Federal interests the opportunity to collaborate and share in concept de-velopment and decision making to solve problems. The bill also authorizes $8 million in new EPA grants through a Drinking Water System Infrastructure Resil-ience and Sustainability Program for water systems that will assist in plan-ning, design, construction, implemen-tation, operation, or maintenance to improve resilience to natural hazards. I am pleased to support this bill, and I look forward to working with the Army Corps of Engineers to ensure more transparency in the process. f 
CONFIRMATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise today regarding remarks I made on Oc-tober 5, 2018, on the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh. In reference to Jus-tices O’Connor, Souter, and Kennedy, I misspoke and should have said that pro-choice groups opposed two of the nominations, not each. My remarks should have read, ‘‘Fur-thermore, pro-choice groups vigorously opposed two of the Justices’ nomina-tions.’’ 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, as you may know, small businesses are thriv-ing in one of the best economic cli-mates that we have seen in several years. The National Federation of Inde-pendent Business’s Small Business Op-timism Index for August saw its high-est reading ever over its 45-year his-tory and the MetLife and Chamber of Commerce’s most recent quarterly Small Business Index found that a sub-stantial majority of small business owners have a positive outlook of their business and of the overall economy. I believe that this uptick in small business confidence is due in large part 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:48 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.066 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6808 October 11, 2018 
to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that passed the Senate and was signed into law last year. Over the 9 months since its passage, our country has witnessed the positive impact that the law has had on our economy. Companies of all sizes have directly benefited from var-ious provisions of the law and as a re-sult are paying out bonuses, raising wages, and purchasing new equipment for their businesses. As chairman of the Senate Committee on Small Busi-ness and Entrepreneurship, I was a strong supporter of the tax law because I believed it would allow small business owners to keep more of their hard- earned money, make more investments in their businesses, and increase the overall health of our economy. Over the last few months, I have been mak-ing this series of speeches to draw at-tention to the benefits this law pro-vides for small businesses. Since passage of the law, many ob-servers have given too much attention to individuals and corporations that have benefited from certain provisions of the law, but not nearly enough at-tention has been given to the benefits that small businesses have received. I rise today to spotlight how tax reform is benefiting Sko-Die, Inc., a small business located just outside of Chi-cago in Morton Grove, IL. Sko-Die, Inc., provides their customers with high-quality steel laminations, heavy gauge metal stampings, and machining services. From design to production, the company provides original equip-ment manufacturing services for a va-riety of sectors including the food, power generation, medical, and aero-space industries. Sko-Die is a family- run business started in 1947 by the Steininger family. The current presi-dent, Patrick Steininger, has led the company since 2002 and is the third generation of the family to helm the company. Sko-Die has about 70 em-ployees, boasts a 60,000-thousand- square foot production facility, and op-erates numerous punch presses ranging in size from 5 to 300 tons. Because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, this family-owned custom metal stamping business has been able to pass on some its tax savings to employ-ees, raising the average wages of its employees by about 3 percent. Sko-Die also made a $1 million investment in new equipment, which included a new die grinder and a new metal press. Be-fore the implementation of the new tax law, small businesses had to deal with a complex expensing formula that took many years to take advantage of, which made equipment purchases much less attractive to small business own-ers. The accelerated depreciation of equipment purchases for small busi-nesses is one of the many reasons that I was a strong supporter of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Overall, the new tax law has been good for small businesses; has allowed many small businesses to increase their capital investments, hire addi-tional workers, and increase wages; and will lower small businesses’ annual tax payments. I am happy to see that small businesses like Sko-Die, Inc., are able to reduce their tax burden by making use of this accelerated depre-ciation provision and are using those tax savings to raise its employees’ wages. I look forward to watching the company’s continued success. 
f 
THE KOREAN WAR Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I want to take a few minutes to honor the 65th anniversary of the Korean War Armi-stice Agreement, which brought the ac-tive hostilities of the Korean war to an end. Americans don’t talk much about the Korean war today. As a result, too many have forgotten or never knew the history, how Kim Il-sung’s forces in-vaded South Korea in June 1950; how the United Nations Security Council condemned the invasion; how American troops made an amphibious landing at Inchon, driving the North Korean forces back and helping shift the war’s momentum; how 3 years later, rep-resentatives met in Panmunjom where they established a demilitarized zone and ended active hostilities. Because this history is so often over-looked, American men and women who served in Korea have so rarely been given the recognition they deserve. These are Americans who answered the call to take up arms again in a for-eign country so soon after World War II, Americans who endured the bitter cold and harsh weather up and down the Peninsula and the lack of adequate food, Americans who gave their lives by the thousands on Korea’s far-flung shores in service to their country. All told, more than 36,000 Americans per-ished in the Korean war, including more than 270 Oregonians and at least seven from Umatilla County, OR. The Korean war is often called the Forgotten War. Well, it isn’t forgotten by me. It isn’t forgotten by the U.S. Senate. I am proud to say that it isn’t forgotten by the Oregonians I speak with as I travel around our State. I have never met a Korean war vet-eran—or a veteran of any conflict—who walked onto the battlefield seeking personal recognition. Today I am proud to recognize these brave servicemembers nonetheless. This year marks the 65th year since the signing of the Korean War Armi-stice and the end of active hostilities. As we follow new developments on the Korean Peninsula—and there have been many these past few months—let us reflect on the Americans who fought so bravely and endured so much in service to these United States. I have always believed that the Fed-eral Government owes these men and women a debt it cannot fully repay. The closest I think we can come is to honor our commitments to them and to do right by their brothers and sis-ters who continue to wear the uniform. As we look forward to Veterans Day, let us all take a moment to thank those Korean war veterans still with us and to ensure that their service and their sacrifices are never forgotten. f 
HISPANIC HERITAGE MONTH Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, this month, I join the Nation in celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month and the in-valuable contributions of the Latino community to our country. Hispanic Americans comprise an integral part of the United States and form our Na-tion’s largest ethnic minority. An esti-mated 60 million Latinos and Latinas currently live in the U.S., making our country home to the world’s third larg-est Latino population. More than half a million of my fellow Marylanders iden-tify as Hispanic or Latino. Some of our Hispanic residents are recent arrivals to this country, seeking safety and freedom unavailable in their countries of origin. Others trace their roots to our country’s founding. All play a role in helping to shape our country for the better. Latino and Latinas form a crucial part of our Na-tion’s Armed Forces, dutifully serve at all levels of government, play an active role in their local communities, and Hispanic-owned businesses contribute an estimated $473 billion in revenue to our economy and employ millions of people. Diversity is America’s strength, and our thriving Hispanic communities are evidence of this. In spite of these contributions, many in the Latina and Latino community are suffering or being put at unneces-sary risk due to the administration’s policies. Cruel immigration practices have led to families being torn apart. Millions of Dreamers live in constant fear that they will be removed from the only country they have ever known. The decision to remove Temporary Protected Status, TPS, for El Sal-vador, Honduras, and Haiti worsens our national security and injects unneces-sary fear and uncertainty into Amer-ican families based on politics, rather than policy. Maryland alone would lose well over $1 billion from our State’s GDP without the workers who cur-rently hold TPS. In Puerto Rico, over 3,000 American citizens died from the effects of Hurricane Maria, and the is-land still struggles to recover. Hispanic Americans increasingly face risks from prejudice, racism, and bigotry. Such policies and rhetoric directly under-mine the values on which our country was founded. Hispanics and Latinos bear the dis-proportionate effects of these policies, and the entire country suffers as a re-sult. When some of our best and bright-est young students and our Nation’s hardest workers fear for their future or are forced into the shadows, it can have a lasting and harmful effect on our communities, our economy, and our security. Hispanic Heritage Month marks a time to address these issues with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.071 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6809 October 11, 2018 
meaningful action rather than empty proclamations. Congress must finally pass a Dream Act to provide Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, DACA, recipients with the protections they deserve, so they can continue their contributions to this country. It is time for the Senate to take up and pass S. 2144, legislation I introduced with Senators V
ANHOLLEN and F EINSTEIN , to provide a pathway to legal perma-nent residency for TPS holders in the United States. We are long overdue with respect to passing comprehensive immigration reform. We must also address systemic issues in our healthcare, tax, and education systems, many of which are particu-larly harmful to Hispanic commu-nities. Like all Americans, Hispanics deserve access to quality public schools, affordable and widely avail-able medical care, and tax reform which reduces the burden for middle and low-income workers. We must further provide Puerto Rico with the resources and support it needs to recover. More than a year after Hur-ricane Maria, the situation remains desperate. Our fellow American citi-zens on the island deserve real support in their time of need. Hispanic Americans are facing im-mense challenges, but seek the same noble goals as all other Americans. Now is the time to stand with His-panic, Latina, and Latino Americans against prejudice, divisive rhetoric, and harmful policies. In doing so, we will better uphold the ideals of our Na-tion and create a better country for all Americans. We must also address systemic issues in our healthcare, tax, and education systems, many of which are particu-larly harmful to Hispanic commu-nities. Like all Americans, Hispanics deserve access to quality public schools, affordable and widely avail-able medical care, and tax reform which reduces the burden for middle and low-income workers. We must further provide Puerto Rico with the resources and support it needs to recover. More than a year after Hur-ricane Maria, the situation remains desperate. Our fellow American citi-zens on the island deserve real support in their time of need. Hispanic Americans are facing im-mense challenges, but seek the same noble goals as all other Americans. Now is the time to stand with His-panic, Latina, and Latino Americans against prejudice, divisive rhetoric, and harmful policies. In doing so, we will better uphold the ideals of our Na-tion and create a better country for all Americans. 
f 
40TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE NA-TIONAL INSTITUTE ON DIS-ABILITY, INDEPENDENT LIVING, AND REHABILITATION RE-SEARCH Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, on be-half of millions of people with disabil-ities, today I wish to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the establishment of the National Institute on Disability, Inde-pendent Living, and Rehabilitation Re-search, NIDILRR, and its 40 years of accomplishments and contributions to the lives of people with disabilities. NIDILRR is the Federal agency sup-porting applied research, demonstra-tion, training, and technical assistance to enhance the quality of life of people with disabilities. NIDILRR’s mission is to generate new knowledge and to pro-mote its effective use to improve the abilities of people with disabilities to perform activities of their choice in the community and to expand society’s capacity to provide full opportunities and accommodations for our citizens with disabilities. NIDILRR carries out its mission by building the capacity of institutions and individuals to conduct high-quality research in the major life domains, including employment, par-ticipation in the community, commu-nity integration, and health. NIDILRR plays a unique and critical role in Federal research. NIDILRR- sponsored projects and programs target populations that include all disability types and all age groups. While other Federal research entities fund preven-tion, cure, and acute rehabilitation re-search, which are vital for people with disabilities, NIDILRR invests in ap-plied research meant to quickly trans-late to greater independence, commu-nity participation, and employment for people with disabilities. The many contributions of NIDILRR’s grantees cannot be over-stated. Our Nation owes a debt of grati-tude to the researchers and practi-tioners whose efforts empower people with disabilities to lead proud, produc-tive lives in pursuit of independence, community living, and employment. During October, which is National Dis-ability Employment Awareness Month, it is important to highlight the major role that NIDILRR has played in pro-moting and enabling the employment of people with disabilities. Over the past 40 years, NIDILRR-funded re-searchers have been extraordinarily productive, including in my home State of Washington. Across the United States, grantees have created more than 1,200 new products, including peer-reviewed publications, interven-tion protocols, measurement tools, and software and technologies that impact the field of rehabilitation and enhance the lives of people with disabilities. NIDILRR-funded fellowship programs have trained and supported a substan-tial number of emerging scholars, re-searchers, and policy implementation experts, including a significant focus on scholars with disabilities and those from minority communities. NIDILRR- funded fellows have contributed to sub-stantive policy development in Con-gress, including by serving as content experts on my staff at the Senate Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. NIDILRR supports the ADA National Network, which provides information, guidance, and training on the Americans with Disabilities Act to businesses, employers, State and local governments, architects, disability or-ganizations, and individuals with dis-abilities. In addition, NIDILRR also supports AbleData, an information cen-ter hosting an extensive database of as-sistive technology products and re-sources to increase awareness of and access to assistive devices. Finally, NIDILRR supports the National Reha-bilitation Information Center, NARIC, a research library and information cen-ter that promotes access to disability, independent living, and rehabilitation research information. The need for NIDILRR’s important work will only increase in the coming decades. Demographic trends indicate a substantial increase in the number of people with disabilities as a result of the effects of injuries, illnesses, chron-ic conditions, developmental disabil-ities, and an aging population. NIDILRR will continue to play a crit-ical role in empowering this growing population of individuals with disabil-ities to live the American dream. The next 40 years of NIDILRR hold much promise for the future of addressing the emerging needs of people with dis-abilities and the need for disability, independent living, and rehabilitation research. I congratulate the National Institute on Disability, Independent Living, and Rehabilitation Research on its 40th an-niversary and the significant accom-plishments and contributions it has made to enhance the quality of life for people with disabilities in the United States. I am proud of the work NIDILRR has funded and the dedicated researchers and practitioners that have improved employment, participation and community integration, and health and function for people with disabil-ities. I look forward to 40 more years of NIDILRR’s continued contributions to our society. f 
30TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MURDER OF MULUGETA SERAW Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, this No-vember, my hometown of Portland marks a somber occasion: the 30th an-niversary of the murder of Mulugeta Seraw, a 28-year-old Ethiopian college student, by racist skinheads. This hor-rific case galvanized the city, as well as the State of Oregon, to stand up to hate crimes and acts of violence by the neo-Nazi movement in the Pacific Northwest. While this brutal slaying happened 30 years ago, it remains fresh in the minds of many who lived through that time and for people who still experience discrimination and hate today. Mulugeta’s path to our country mir-rors those of so many others who came to America. He came to the United States seeking an education. A college student in Portland, he worked mul-tiple jobs and remitted money to Ethi-opia to support his son, Henock. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.073 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6810 October 11, 2018 
Mulugeta, like many immigrants who come to America, was simply seeking opportunity. His family and friends de-scribe him as a kind, hard-working man. He had friends and family whom he supported and loved. All this was ripped away by evil, cruel racism. As a result of the cruelty done to Mulugeta, community members, civil rights lawyers, judges, elected officials, and nonprofits came together and de-manded justice be served. They suc-ceeded. The case attracted national atten-tion, and thanks in part to the great effort of the Southern Poverty Law Center, the White Aryan Resistance and its leaders who were behind this heinous crime were bankrupted and jailed. While no prison sentence could bring back Mulugeta, Oregonians stood and stand in solidarity with Mulugeta and his family and friends to make clear we will not let hate crimes and violence take over our communities. We have to remain vigilant, and we have to continue the fight. We must recognize our own troubling present in Oregon, which unfortunately has an awful history as a home for White su-premacists, because to not know our own history dooms us. In the years since Mulugeta’s death, there have been horrific acts of ra-cially charged violence in Oregon. In May of 2017, a self-proclaimed White nationalist verbally attacked two women who were riding Portland’s MAX light rail. One of these two women was wearing a hijab. The perpe-trator stabbed three men who defended the women against the racist and Islamophobic rant, killing two of them. There have been horrific racist acts throughout the Nation. The march and murder in Charlottesville is another clear example of how these White su-premacist ideals and concepts continue to draw breath in our country. Like Or-egonians speaking out in remembrance of Mulugeta Seraw, we must all speak out against hate. It has no place in our country, including in our White House. This year, as we remember the 30th anniversary of the murder of Mulugeta Seraw and 50th anniversary of Dr. Mar-tin Luther King, Jr.’s assassination, I would like to acknowledge the many organizations in Oregon that fight for peace and justice every day on behalf of marginalized communities. I would like to especially acknowledge mem-bers of these communities who are re-silient and strong. I stand with them today and every day. In a few weeks, Oregonians will come together to remember and celebrate the life of Mulugeta Seraw during a 30th year commemoration conference organized by the Urban League of Port-land. I am honored to add to this re-membrance with this C
ONGRESSIONAL  R
ECORD . May Mulugeta and his story never be forgotten, and may we remem-ber, learn, and change. TRIBUTE TO MARGARET BALLARD Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, today I wish to honor a dedicated and treas-ured member of my staff, Margaret Ballard, and thank her for her more than 21 years of congressional service. Margaret joined my congressional staff as an intern in 1997 when I served in the U.S. House of Representatives and as she was studying for her mas-ter’s degree at Boise State University. She quickly proved herself to be bright, adept, and dependable, traits that have made her an integral member of my staff. She currently serves as adminis-trative director and has served in this position since late 2001, but she has carried out many different tasks and filled in for various State positions as we developed as an organization. Her experience, knowledge, and skill from working in so many areas enable her to understand the roles of fellow staff and effectively connect office functions. Margaret is the glue that holds my office together. As administrative di-rector, she oversees the day-to-day ad-ministrative work that is so critical to office functions and responsiveness to the people of Idaho. Margaret keeps track of the intricate details and re-quirements of operating a Senate of-fice, including the Senate rules. Mar-garet also recognizes staff achieve-ments and finds opportunities to pro-vide levity and boost morale. She has carried out meticulous work to en-hance office operations and coordinate the efforts of the staff. Her long-term dedication to this effort has been vital to ensuring office efficiency. Every or-ganization needs Margaret’s kind of continuity and know-how. To put the many changes Margaret has been a part of over the past 20 years into perspective, she recalls that, when she started back in 1997, all State offices had to share a dial-up internet connection and she had to coordinate when each office could call in and con-nect for internet service. With the technological advances since, those connection phases are a dim memory. Margaret has handled each new phase with tact and proficiency as she helped build our office administratively. Prior to joining my staff, Margaret was the State emergency response commission chief of staff for 9 and a half years. Before that position, she was an administrative assistant for the mayor and city council of Glendale, CO, for 2 and a half years. She has worked in all three levels of govern-ment, local, State, and Federal Serv-ice. On a personal note, Margaret and her husband Troy Gugel have a son and daughter. They are grandparents to a grandson and have a granddaughter on the way. Margaret, thank you for your steady, committed, and skilled work all these years. The adjectives I could list to de-scribe you could go on and on: well-or-ganized, resourceful, professional. Above all, I know that I have always been able to count on you to get the job done well for the people of Idaho. This is the core of what it means to be an outstanding member of the staff and, more importantly, a friend. Con-gratulations on the work milestone you have surpassed, and thank for lending your talents to working on be-half of Idahoans all these years. f 
TRIBUTE TO BARRY CARPENTER Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to recognize and con-gratulate Mr. Barry Carpenter, a long-time advocate for American agri-culture, on his retirement from a ca-reer that spanned five decades. Last month, Barry retired his position as president and CEO of the North Amer-ican Meat Institute, the Nation’s larg-est and oldest trade association rep-resenting U.S. meat packers and proc-essors. Barry’s retirement concludes a career in both public service and pri-vate industry. His knowledge of the in-dustry and his collaborative, affable disposition have allowed him to con-nect with everyone from CEOs to those just beginning their careers. Barry’s appreciation for U.S. agri-culture, his drive to serve, and his work ethic were developed at an early age, working on his family’s diversified farm in central Florida that produced cattle, hogs, corn, peanuts, and melons. After graduating from the University of Florida, Barry began his career as a meat grader with the U.S. Department of Agriculture. He also enlisted in the U.S. Army, earning the rank specialist fifth class. Barry carried with him the sense of duty and discipline learned in these formative years in each role he held. Over the course of his 37-year career at USDA, Barry provided reasoned and steady guidance to Secretaries of both parties in multiple administrations. In his senior role at the Agricultural Mar-keting Service, Barry led programs critical to reestablishing U.S. beef ex-port access following the first U.S. case of BSE in 2003. Barry further oversaw USDA’s adoption of video technology used to assign beef quality grades, an important tool in identifying those high-quality prime steaks consumers around the world enjoy. Upon retiring from USDA, Barry con-tinued to serve American agriculture when he was named CEO of the Na-tional Meat Association in 2007. Barry has since provided steadfast leadership to the meat and poultry industry as CEO of the North American Meat Asso-ciation and as president and CEO of the North American Meat Institute, fol-lowing the completion of the merger, which he successfully guided, between the American Meat Institute and the North American Meat Association in January 2015. Barry has earned numerous govern-mental awards, including Presidential Rank Awards, honors bestowed to less than 1 percent of senior career employ-ees throughout the Federal Govern-ment, from Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush. He has also received 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:48 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.072 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6811 October 11, 2018 
recognition from the livestock and meat industries. Throughout his career, Barry re-mained grounded and inspired by his wife Janet, four children, Mary Cath-erine, Jane, Michael, and Robert, and 11 grandchildren. I feel fortunate to have known many distinguished public servants and in-dustry leaders like Barry, who have dedicated their careers to advocating for U.S. agriculture. I thank Barry for his many contributions to American agriculture, and I congratulate him on a well-deserved retirement. 
f 
DISCHARGE PETITION—S.J. RES. 64 
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, hereby direct that the Senate Com-mittee on Finance be discharged from fur-ther consideration of S.J. Res. 64, a joint res-olution providing for congressional dis-approval of the rule submitted by the De-partment of the Treasury relating to ‘Re-turns by Exempt Organizations and Returns by Certain Non-Exempt Organizations’ and, further, that the joint resolution be imme-diately placed upon the Legislative Calendar under General Orders. Jon Tester, Claire McCaskill, Heidi Heitkamp, Tom Udall, Richard J. Dur-bin, Ron Wyden, Sheldon Whitehouse, Kirsten E. Gillibrand, Chris Van Hol-len, Jack Reed, Richard Blumenthal, Tina Smith, Angus S. King, Jr., Joe Donnelly, Robert P. Casey, Jr., Debbie Stabenow, Martin Heinrich, Amy Klo-buchar, Doug Jones, Jeanne Shaheen, Benjamin L. Cardin, Michael F. Ben-net, Edward J. Markey, Bernard Sand-ers, Margaret Wood Hassan, Tammy Baldwin, Patrick J. Leahy, Gary C. Peters, Robert Menendez, Catherine Cortez Masto, Tim Kaine, Jeff Merkley, Mazie K. Hirono, Cory A. Booker, Christopher Murphy. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO PAUL J. SCHNEIDER ∑Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Paul J. Schneider, who is retiring from NewsTalk 670 KBOI, of Boise, ID, after more than 51 years in radio and television. Paul J. Schneider, known as Paul J, started working for the station in 1967 and has been a mainstay of thoughtful reporting since. He called Boise State University football and basketball games for decades as ‘‘Voice of the Broncos.’’ Idahoans and many others have no doubt taken solace during their morning commutes with Paul J’s interesting and cheerful discussions. He has been a treasured voice under-scoring significant local and world events. Over the years, he has no doubt ob-served and taken part in many innova-tions in broadcasting and significant local and national happenings. When announcing Paul J’s retirement, the station noted, ‘‘His storied radio career has seen plenty of benchmark mo-ments, including but not limited to: the first radio interview with President Richard Nixon in 1972 after Watergate; covering the prison riots at the Idaho Penitentiary in 1971 and 1973; and call-ing Boise State Football’s first trip to the Fiesta Bowl in 2007.’’ Descriptions of him are peppered with words such as greatly respected, trusted, professional, iconic, wise, and humorous. His experience and affection for the community he has chosen to make his home all these years comes through in his commentary. He has re-ceived numerous honors throughout his career that include being inducted into the Boise State Athletic Hall of Fame in 2018, more than 50 Idaho State Broadcasting Association awards, and Boise’s Key to the City in 2017. The press box at Albertsons Stadium and the Cumulus broadcast building have been named in his honor. I understand he is looking forward to sleeping in during his retirement, and I hope he gets some well-deserved rest for all the years he has devoted to keeping Idahoans informed. It is also good to hear that he will still be using his talents to produce, blog, and cover sports. Knowing that Idahoans will still get to benefit from his humor, skill, and engaging commentary is heartening, as I wish him well in his retirement. Paul J, congratulations on your ex-traordinary career and leaving a last-ing mark in Idaho radio and the lives of countless Idahoans. I wish you all the best.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO ETHAN DAVIDSON ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week I have the honor of recognizing Ethan Davidson of Lewis and Clark County for his outstanding academic achievements. Ethan Davidson epitomizes hard working Montanan’s, his work ethic has shown in his academics Ethan re-cently received a perfect score on his ACT, being one of the 2,760 high school students across the United States who received a perfect score of 36. About 2 million high school students take the test each year. At a young age, Ethan devoted him-self to his academics, always striving towards being a straight-A student. He attends Capitol High School in Helena, where he is involved in many extra-curricular activities, ranging from being the cocaptain of the cross coun-try team, to being a member of the math and science club. To add to his accolades, Ethan is a National Merit semifinalist and has earned the rank of Eagle Scout. I congratulate Ethan on his impec-cable academic achievements, as well as his willingness to give back to his community by being a role model for all high school students I look forward to seeing his success in his future en-deavors.∑ REMEMBERING SHIRLEY ANN MCCOMBS ∑Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the life of Shir-ley Ann McCombs who passed away on Tuesday, October 2, 2018, at the age of 81. Shirley was born June 30, 1937, in Schuyler County, IL, to Harry and Stella Derry Hunter. Shirley married Charles H. McCombs on May 30, 1956. She was employed by the Illinois State government in numerous positions and was ultimately promoted to the speak-er’s staff as a fiscal officer until her re-tirement. Shirley played on the Rush-ville Rushettes Softball Team and she was a past member of the Oakford United Methodist Church, where she served as secretary and on many com-mittees. She was also a current mem-ber of the West Side Christian Church in Springfield. Shirley was elected State central committeewoman for the 18th Congres-sional District in 1986 and served in the position until present. She served as secretary of the Democratic Party of Illinois, second vice president of Illi-nois Democratic Women, and Annual Convention Ad Book chair and editor/ graphic artist. Shirley also had served as the Menard County chairman, pre-cinct committeewoman, and as the first vice president of the Illinois Coun-ty Chairman’s Association. Shirley served as an elector on the Il-linois Electoral College since 1992. She served at many of the Democratic Na-tional Conventions as a delegate and as an assistant whip. Shirley also served for numerous State Democratic Con-ventions, co-chaired IDW Luncheon for Convention Delegates and Dignitaries at the Democratic National Conven-tion. She was the State fair committee chairman for the IDP. Shirley received the Chairman’s Award for Commitment and Service to the Democratic Party and Certificate of Appreciation Award for Outstanding and Dedicated Service. In addition to her work in politics, she was also passionate about helping her community. She was a founding member of the Menard County Tourism Council and former treasurer. Shirley was a founding board member of the IWIL and served on the board for the Area Agency on Aging and served on the advisory council. She was on the Menard Caring Board and a volunteer at the Menard County Food Pantry. She was a lobbyist for AARP. Shirley attended both of President Clinton’s and President Obama’s inau-gurations. Shirley is survived by her daughter, Robin and her husband Rick Mathieu; grandchildren Vickie Mathieu and Jackie and her husband Gus Tserpelis; three great-grandchildren; siblings Nelda, Susan and husband Larry, Larry, Lois and her husband Stuart, and Deloris and her husband Robert; sisters-in-law Phyllis, Doris, and Betty; and numerous nieces, nephews, and cousins. Her service to her community is re-markable and her story inspiring. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:48 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.081 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6812 October 11, 2018 
stand here today to applaud my dear friend and to honor her legacy. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOEL WERNICK ∑Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, it is an honor to rise on behalf of Senator D
AVID PERDUE and myself to offer our congratulations on a job well done to Joel Wernick, a fine Georgian and the longtime president and chief executive officer of Phoebe Putney Health Sys-tem in Albany, GA. Under Joel’s tireless leadership for the last 30 years, Phoebe Putney Health System has become a major re-gional healthcare provider. The Phoebe Putney Health System now includes Phoebe Sumter Medical Center, Phoebe Worth Medical Center, more than 15 primary and urgent care clinics, and nearly 30 specialty care clinics in coun-ties throughout southwest Georgia. As the health system has grown under Joel’s guidance, it has become a major contributor to the entire re-gion’s economy. Today more than 4,500 people work under the Phoebe Putney umbrella, where they strive to improve the lives of Georgians from middle Georgia all the way south to the Geor-gia-Florida line. Joel Wernick had the vision to grow Phoebe Putney’s suite of services and provide comprehensive healthcare in-cluding world-class oncology, cardio-vascular, and neonatal intensive care unit services in the southwest Georgia region. This increase in quality spe-cialty services greatly benefits area residents who no longer have to travel extensive distances to receive care. I also thank the board of directors and staff who have shared and sup-ported this great leader’s dedication to the people of Albany and the sur-rounding communities. During Joel’s tenure, Phoebe Putney has received State and national rec-ognition, including the American Hos-pital Association’s NOVA Award for teen pregnancy prevention and the prestigious Foster G. McGaw Prize for excellence in healthcare. Joel was a pioneer in making ‘‘upstream contribu-tions’’ in community health programs over the years to reduce the cost and occurrence of disease and poor health before they reached the hospital set-ting. In starting the Phoebe Family Medi-cine Residency Program, Joel has also appreciated the importance of healthcare for the family unit and the importance of training medical profes-sionals in southwest Georgia and incentivizing them to remain there. Phoebe Putney’s teaching hospital has graduated more than 120 residents, and Joel’s investment in Flaggstone, the housing that supports those residents and pharmacy students, has success-fully kept doctors practicing in south-west Georgia rather than departing for larger cities. Joel has helped keep the ‘‘golden rule’’ culture and the charm of south Georgia as guiding principles during his tenure at Phoebe Putney, and for that, many have benefited and are grateful. As Georgia’s Senators, we are thank-ful for Joel’s service and wish him well as he enters the next chapter of his life. May God bless him in his future pursuits.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING ROY H. MADSEN ∑Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, many Alaskans have contributed enor-mously to the development of the Ter-ritory of Alaska through Statehood and beyond with their special life skills, talents, courage, and insights into the world around them. Among that distinguished group was a very special man, Roy H. Madsen of Kodiak, AK. Roy Madsen was known for so many things. Among them, he was the first Alaska Native to serve as a judge of the Alaska Superior Court. On the eve of the Alaska Federation of Natives convention, I proudly honor his re-markable life that spanned 94 years from March 15, 1923 to December 26, 2017. Roy was born in the village of Kanatak, located just across Shelikoff Straits from the Kodiak archipelago near the Valley of Ten Thousand Smokes and Mount Katmai in the Katmai National Monument on the Alaskan Peninsula, an area which, in 1980, was expanded and renamed the Katmai National Park and Preserve. Roy was one of eight children. His fa-ther, Charles Madsen, was a Danish im-migrant who established a trading post at Kanatak. His mother, Alaska Native Mary (Metrokin) was a homemaker. The Madsens returned to his mother’s hometown of Kodiak where, when Roy was only 4 years old, she passed. Roy and his siblings were raised in Kodiak by their dad and their stepmother, Al-exandra Churnoff Madsen. Roy’s love for his heritage and for the island re-mained centerpieces throughout his life. A member of the Sun’aq Tribe of Kodiak, he lived there for most of his life. Blessed with his mother’s rich, Alas-ka Native Sugpiaq-Koniagmiut- Alutiiq-Russian subsistence culture and fortified by his father’s immigrant mindset of courage and ambition, Roy lived his life setting goals and pursuing them, most often with success. After graduating from Kodiak High School in a class of six, he entered Or-egon State University in 1941. In 1943, he left college and enlisted in the U.S. Navy and served as a gunner and navi-gator on Patrol Torpedo Boat PT 190, the ‘‘Jack of Diamonds’’ in the South Pacific during World War II. While serving in the Navy in the Philippines and New Guinea, Roy’s unit was award-ed campaign medals and two battle stars. It was after WWII that Roy and his first wife Katharine (Walters) and fam-ily moved back to Kodiak in 1946. To support his growing family, he spent a couple of summers fishing in Bristol Bay on a Columbia River double ender by sail and became a registered Alaska bear guide, working with his father Captain Charles Madsen, guiding cli-ents on Kodiak brown bear hunts. The Madsens then moved to Oregon, where Roy finished his bachelor’s de-gree and entered Northwestern College of Law, today the Lewis & Clark Law School, where he received his juris doc-tor degree in 1953. He served as assist-ant district attorney and practiced law in Oregon before, in 1961, returning with his family to Kodiak. Over the years, the Madsen clan grew to include seven children: Elizabeth, Mary Jane, Charles, Charlotte, Jacqueline, Guy— deceased—stepdaughter Shannon, 13 grandchildren, and 4 great-grand chil-dren. Roy Madsen immersed himself in Kodiak’s thriving civic and cultural life. In the 1960s, he established a law firm, was the Kodiak city attorney, and the Kodiak Island Borough attor-ney. During this period, his commit-ment to his heritage grew and became legendary. He helped establish the Ko-diak Area Native Association KANA, serving as its first vice president. His niece, Rita Stevens, wife of State Sen-ator Gary Stevens, later furthered the work Roy had begun by helping to lead KANA for nearly two decades. As an attorney and Alaska Native, he contributed his knowledge and experi-ence to efforts within Alaska to achieve a settlement through the Alas-ka Native Claims Settlement Act (ANCSA) of Alaska Native aboriginal land claims that resulted from work by many across the State in the enact-ment of Public Law 93–203 in 1971. He then helped to establish Koniag, Inc., one of the regional Alaska Native Cor-porations authorized by ANCSA. It was in 1975 that Roy began service as a Superior Court judge. He served in the State’s Third Judicial District, an area of approximately 67,000 square miles, and sat in Kodiak. He served as a judge on that court through 1990. Judge Madsen continued to serve his beloved island through the decades. After his retirement from the bench, he enjoyed participating in Alaska court system’s Colors of Justice Program, promoting acceptance of diversity and encouraging minorities to consider pursuing law as a career. He helped found, was chair of the first advisory board, and was a professor at the Ko-diak Community College teaching con-stitutional, criminal, and business law. After his retirement from the bench, he was appointed to the Alaska State Commission for Human Rights and to the Alaska Supreme Court Committee on Fairness and Access to the Courts. Roy was counsel for writing the arti-cles of incorporation for and an origi-nal board member of St. Herman’s Or-thodox Theological Seminary, a board member of the Kodiak Baptist Missions Treatment Center for Troubled Youths, and a member of the advisory board of St. Innocent’s Orthodox Academy for Troubled Youths. He also served on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.083 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6813 October 11, 2018 
Alaska Rural Systemic Initiative com-mittee which focused on incorporating ‘‘Native Ways of Learning’’ into main-stream education delivery in Alaska. That initiative added a great deal to the recognition and usage of this form of wisdom of the Elders and Native cul-ture in learning delivery in the State. A mesmerizing storyteller, with deep and broad knowledge as an elder, Roy was a sought after and frequently fea-tured speaker at any number of local events. Among his many honors was Saint Herman’s Cross, bestowed upon him by Bishop Gregory Afonsky. In more recent years, Kodiak’s court-house was rededicated as the Roy H. Madsen Justice Center. Not long before his passing, Roy was named Conservation Elder of the Year by the Kodiak National Wildlife Refuge for his long dedication to the refuge’s Kodiak brown bear program. In rec-ognition of his lifetime of achievement, the University of Alaska honored him with a doctorate of humanities. The documentary, ‘‘Magnetic North,’’ cap-turing how his life contributed to the history, spirit, and character of Alas-ka, premiered in Kodiak and aired on Alaska Public Television during 2017 shortly before his passing. Roy was equally comfortable in his robes dispensing justice from the court bench as he was in a flannel shirt and worn corduroys at the helm of his skiff, shuttling family to a cabin on Woody Island or helping ferry pilgrims for the annual St. Herman’s Pilgrimage to Monk’s Lagoon or simply picking wild berries and mushrooms in the woods. He was in his element with an audi-ence, be it 2 or 200 hundred, sharing his stories of nature and human nature. His deep bass voice could fill a room, and his easy smile and laughter were contagious. Roy was manly enough to shed tears of joy or sorrow without em-barrassment, to render steady advice, and to dispense his love, help, and friendship to all in need. When asked for some words of advice, Roy once answered: ‘‘For a good qual-ity of life, I believe it is important to have several things: a positive mind, good family relationships, goals you hope to achieve and to be adaptable. Be open to new relationships, never feel too old to learn and always be yourself. Recognize that you are unique. There is only one you.’’ He held his most satisfying accom-plishments as: ‘‘Extending justice and judicial services to rural Alaska—ex-posing rural Alaskans to Alaska’s judi-cial system and making them feel in-cluded by traveling to them and deliv-ering services in their own commu-nities.’’ Linda, his wife of 36 years prior to his passing, perhaps said it best: Roy had ‘‘the soul of a poet, the vitality of a fisherman and hunter, measured reason and mental retentiveness of a judge, courage and vision of one committed to making life better for others, and the heart and humanity of a loyal friend.’’ This is but a brief overview of the life of Roy Madsen who lived such a pro-ductive and principled life and who, by his deeds and who he was, represented the apex of what frontier Alaska and America can produce. It is with the greatest respect that I share with my Senate colleagues and with the American people this short bi-ographical sketch of the life of Roy Madsen, a wonderful Alaskan who served his country in war and peace and his fellow citizens in so many ex-emplary ways. We all are enriched to know about this great man whose life will be remembered and, hopefully, emulated as a ‘‘north star’’ for those who were fortunate to know him and those who will learn about his remark-able life.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING WALSH ENGINEERING SERVICES ∑Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, Idaho is home to many innovative, ambitious, and industrious small businesses. Today I would like to honor a small business that represents all of these qualities. As chairman of the Senate Committee on Small Business and En-trepreneurship, it is my distinct privi-lege to recognize Walsh Engineering Services as the Small Business of the Month for October 2018. Walsh Engi-neering Services is a woman-owned de-sign and architectural engineering firm, which provides high-quality tech-nical and design services to various public and private sector customers throughout Idaho and around the coun-try. Located in Idaho Falls, ID, Walsh En-gineering Services was founded by Stephanie Walsh along with a group of dedicated engineers. An Idaho Falls na-tive, Stephanie was raised in a potato farming family and went on to grad-uate from the University of Idaho with a degree in mechanical engineering. After graduation, Stephanie returned home and began working for the De-partment of Energy’s Idaho National Lab. While at the INL, Stephanie rec-ognized the emerging need for expert contractors at one of our country’s most important nuclear research cen-ters. In 2005, Stephanie finally took the plunge and founded Walsh Engineering Services. Owning her own business and working with the INL as a contractor allowed her to continue to work to meet the needs of the INL, as well as those of a growing Southeastern Idaho. Since its founding, Walsh Engineer-ing Services has grown from a small group of dedicated engineers and de-signer-drafters, to a full-service engi-neering and architecture firm staffed by architects, cost estimators, and sup-port personnel. Their goal has always been to provide high-quality, reliable, and responsive professional technical services to their customers. Their cli-ents have expanded over the years from the INL to other DOE National Labora-tories, the State of Idaho Department of Public Works, and fabrication firms located throughout the country. Steph-anie is an outstanding example of Ida-ho’s unique entrepreneurial spirit and is an inspiration to women entre-preneurs across the great State of Idaho. As you may know, October has been designated as National Women’s Small Business Month. This month, we cele-brate the critical contributions that women like Stephanie Walsh make to our country’s economy every day. There are more than 9.9 million women-owned small business in the United States, employing over 8 mil-lion people. In 2017, women-owned small businesses generated over $1.4 trillion in sales. I am pleased to honor a great women-owned small business this month in Walsh Engineering. Stephanie Walsh and her employees at Walsh Engineering exemplifies the per-severance and hard work that lead women-owned small businesses to suc-cess. Stephanie’s team at Walsh Engineer-ing Services is committed to sup-porting INL’s mission of clean energy, national security, science, and the en-vironment. While Stephanie founded the company to support the changing needs of the INL, Walsh Engineering Services is also focused on training the next generation of workers to continue the history of professionalism and suc-cess at the INL. The firm not only of-fers jobs to recent graduates of Idahoan universities but also develops the next generation of engineers through the firm’s internship program. Stephanie is proof of Idaho’s unique entrepreneurial spirit. Through her hard work, expertise, and reputation for quality work, Stephanie’s company has grown over the past 13 years and now employs approximately 75 Ida-hoans who provide valuable con-tracting services to public and private entities. Stephanie Walsh is a great ex-ample to both young female engineers and woman entrepreneurs throughout Idaho and the Nation. I would like to congratulate Stephanie and all of the employees at Walsh Engineering Serv-ices for being named the Small Busi-ness of the Month for October 2018. I wish you good luck in your future en-deavors and look forward to watching your continued growth and success. ∑ 
f 
150TH ANNIVERSARY OF WAYNE STATE UNIVERSITY ∑Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, today I wish to pay special tribute to Wayne State University, which this year is celebrating 150 years. Michigan is home to many world- class colleges and universities. How-ever, what has set Wayne State apart from the very beginning is its unique role in serving the people of Michigan from the heart of Detroit. Wayne State traces its roots to 1868, when five physicians who had wit-nessed the very worst of human suf-fering on Civil War battlefields vowed to change medicine for the better. They founded Detroit Medical College. Its motto: Salus Populi—Suprema Lex. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.078 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6814 October 11, 2018 
The Welfare of the People is the High-est Law. A lot has changed since those early days. Today more than 27,000 Warriors from 80 countries are earning degrees in everything from accounting to man-ufacturing engineering, orchestral studies to urban planning, but one thing has not changed at all: Wayne State’s dedication to people’s welfare. For 150 years, Wayne State has been making Detroit and our State stronger and creating true leaders. It is doing that at the Integrative Biosciences Center, a 127,000-square- foot, $90 million facility dedicated to studying and eliminating health dis-parities, and the National Institutes of Health’s Perinatology Research Branch, which has helped more than 20,000 at-risk mothers and babies. It is doing that at the brand-new Mike Illitch School of Business, which is creating the next generation of busi-ness leaders while helping revitalize the corridor between downtown and midtown. It is doing that through its Wayne Advantage-Macomb program, which al-lows students to begin to earn their de-gree at Macomb Community College, and the Warrior Way Back program, which helps students who didn’t re-ceive their degrees get back into class while easing their student debt burden. It counts among its alumni people who have excelled in nearly every field: Dr. Joseph Ferguson, class of 1869, the first African-American medical school graduate in Michigan; Helen Thomas, class of 1942, dean of the White House Press Corps; Emmett Leith, class of 1949, recipient of the National Medal of Science; Philip Levine, class of 1950, Poet Laureate of the United States and winner of the Pulitzer Prize; Damon Keith, Wayne State University Law School class of 1967, U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals; Garth Fagan, class of 1969, winner of the Tony Award for Best Choreography for ‘‘The Lion King’’; Mark Fritz, class of 1978, winner of the Pulitzer Prize for international report-ing; Dr. Carmen McIntyre, class of 1990, creator of the Mental Health First Aid Training program; and Dr. Mona Hanna-Attisha, class of 2006, whose careful research helped discover ele-vated lead levels in the children of Flint. Hundreds of thousands more alumni, famous or not, can credit Wayne State in part for their success, but so too can hundreds of thousands of people who have been educated, inspired, rep-resented, protected, entertained, and treated by those graduates. I think those original five physicians would be extremely pleased with the impact their school has had not just on Detroit but on our Nation. Since 1868, Wayne State University has been building leaders. Congratula-tions to students, faculty, staff, and alumni on 150 years of putting the wel-fare of the people of Michigan first. Thank you.∑ SESQUICENTENNIAL OF LINCOLN HIGH SCHOOL ∑Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the sesquicentennial of Lincoln High School in Portland, OR. One of the oldest and most celebrated public secondary schools west of the Mississippi River, Lincoln was estab-lished in 1869, a decade after Oregon’s founding. Originally known as Port-land High School, it was eventually re-named in honor of President Abraham Lincoln. Currently located in the Goose Hollow neighborhood of South-west Portland, Lincoln High School has moved four times over the past 150 years and is currently planning a fifth campus to accommodate its growing student body. Lincoln High School’s college pre-paratory program has graduated gen-erations of Oregon students. Over 60 faculty members oversee and imple-ment a wealth of academic and extra-curricular opportunities, including en-hanced and advanced coursework in lit-erature, the social sciences, foreign languages, mathematics, and physical and life sciences. Lincoln offers a cele-brated international baccalaureate program, in addition to a full Spanish immersion program. Outside the classroom, Lincoln’s Constitution Team has won 23 State championships and six national titles. Its speech and debate team ranks among the top in the State, and its mock trial team competes nationally. The school’s student newspaper ‘‘The Cardinal Times’’ is the oldest continu-ously published high school paper on the West Coast. Lincoln’s magazine ‘‘Beyond the Flock’’ and its Spanish- language magazine ‘‘Puno y Letro’’ add to the school’s rich and diverse literary tradition. Lincoln’s student athletes have brought home 38 State champion-ships in a variety of sports. Seventy- seven student-led clubs and unions serve the larger Portland community and demonstrate Lincoln’s commit-ment to an inclusive, engaged, and di-verse student body. Lincoln students are dedicated to fos-tering an open and welcoming commu-nity for all and have committed to car-rying those values forth into 2019, the school’s 150th year. For 150 years, Lin-coln High School has inspired genera-tions of global thinkers who have bettered their communities in the Car-dinal spirit of academic and civic en-gagement. I rise to acknowledge the significant contribution of Lincoln High School to the State of Oregon and the Nation as a whole and to offer my congratula-tions to the students, faculty, and alumni on the occasion of its sesqui-centennial.∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message from the President of the United States was communicated to the Senate by Mr. Williams, one of his secretaries. EXECUTIVE MESSAGE REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate a message from the President of the United States submitting a nomination which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. (The message received today is print-ed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) f 
MEASURES DISCHARGED The following joint resolution was discharged from the Committee on Fi-nance by petition, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 802(c), and placed on the calendar: 
S.J. Res. 64. Joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Department of the Treasury relating to ‘‘Returns by Exempt Organiza-tions and Returns by Certain Non-Exempt Organizations’’. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–6791. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to South Sudan that was declared in Executive Order 13664 of April 3, 2014; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6792. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the Sabine Pass to Galveston Bay, Texas Coastal Storm Risk Management and Ecosystem Restoration Project; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: H.R. 2196. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to allow whistleblowers to dis-close information to certain recipients (Rept. No. 115–346). By Mr. RISCH, from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 2679. A bill to provide access to and manage the distribution of excess or surplus property to veteran-owned small businesses. By Mr. RISCH, from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with-out amendment: S. 3552. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to adjust the real estate appraisal thresholds under the 7(a) program of the Small Business Administration to bring those thresholds into line with the thresh-olds used by the Federal banking regulators, and for other purposes. By Mr. RISCH, from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with-out amendment and an amendment to the title: S. 3553. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to adjust the real estate appraisal thresholds under the section 504 program of the Small Business Administration to bring 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.080 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6815 October 11, 2018 
those thresholds into line with the thresh-olds used by the Federal banking regulators, and for other purposes. By Mr. RISCH, from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with-out amendment: S. 3554. A bill to extend the effective date for the sunset for collateral requirements for Small Business Administration disaster loans. By Mr. RISCH, from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with amendments: S. 3561. A bill to support entrepreneurs serving in the National Guard and Reserve, and for other purposes. By Mr. RISCH, from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with-out amendment: S. 3562. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to modify the method for prescribing size standards for business concerns. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on the Judiciary. Mary M. Rowland, of Illinois, to be United States District Judge for the Northern Dis-trict of Illinois. Steven C. Seeger, of Illinois, to be United States District Judge for the Northern Dis-trict of Illinois. Martha Maria Pacold, of Illinois, to be United States District Judge for the North-ern District of Illinois. Carl J. Nichols, of the District of Colum-bia, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia. Mary S. McElroy, of Rhode Island, to be United States District Judge for the District of Rhode Island. Stephanie A. Gallagher, of Maryland, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maryland. Kenneth D. Bell, of North Carolina, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of North Carolina. Jonathan A. Kobes, of South Dakota, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit. 
(Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN ): S. 3572. A bill to require information shar-ing with respect to the ownership of election service providers; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for himself, Ms. C
OLLINS , and Mr. C ARDIN ): S. 3573. A bill to amend the Help America Vote Act of 2002 to require States to take steps to ensure domestic ownership and con-trol of election service providers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. ROUNDS: S. 3574. A bill to amend the Financial Sta-bility Act of 2010 to provide relief to nonbanks from certain stress test require-ments under that Act; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. ROUNDS: S. 3575. A bill to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to carry out a cost benefit analysis of the use of Form 10-Q, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. ROUNDS: S. 3576. A bill to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise the defini-tions of a qualifying portfolio company and a qualifying investment to include an emerg-ing growth company and the equity securi-ties of an emerging growth company, respec-tively, for purposes of the exemption from registration for venture capital fund advisers under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. ROUNDS: S. 3577. A bill to amend the Financial Sta-bility Act of 2010 to require the Financial Stability Oversight Council to consider al-ternative approaches before determining that a U.S. nonbank financial company shall be supervised by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. ROUNDS: S. 3578. A bill to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to carry out a study to evaluate the issues affecting the provision of, and reliance upon, investment research into small issuers; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. ROUNDS: S. 3579. A bill to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise the defini-tions of a ‘‘small business’’ and ‘‘small orga-nization’’ for purposes of assessing the im-pact of the rulemakings of the Commission under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. HELLER: S. 3580. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a tax credit to taxpayers who provide reductions in rent to low-income senior renters, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. THUNE (for himself and Mr. WYDEN ): S. 3581. A bill to promote neutrality, sim-plicity, and fairness in the taxation of dig-ital goods and digital services; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. HELLER: S. 3582. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to establish a new phaseout of the credit for plug-in electric drive motor vehicles; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. HELLER: S. 3583. A bill to direct the National Science Foundation to provide grants for re-search about STEM education approaches and the STEM-related workforce, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Ms. S
TABENOW , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. C ARDIN , and Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO ): S. 3584. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 in order to increase usage of the Federal student loan income-based re-payment plan and improve repayment op-tions for borrowers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. MURPHY (for himself and Mr. J
OHNSON ): S. 3585. A bill to prioritize the efforts of and enhance coordination among United States agencies to encourage countries in Central and Eastern Europe to diversify their energy sources and supply routes, in-crease Europe’s energy security, and help the United States reach its global energy secu-rity goals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. SANDERS: S. 3586. A bill to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to provide emergency payments to dairy producers; to the Committee on Ag-riculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. CARPER (for himself, Mr. NEL-
SON, Mr. M ENENDEZ , and Mr. V AN H
OLLEN ): S. 3587. A bill to amend title 23, United States Code, to improve the nationally sig-nificant freight and highway projects pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ): S. 3588. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to establish an Office of Federal Correctional Education, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SCHATZ: S. 3589. A bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 by es-tablishing a program to support the mod-ernization, renovation , or repair of career and technical education facilities, and to en-able schools serving grades 6 through 12 that are located in rural areas or that serve Na-tive American students to remodel or build new facilities to provide STEM classrooms and laboratories and support high-speed internet, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. PAUL: S. 3590. A bill to prohibit military aid to Saudi Arabia until the Secretary of State de-termines that Jamal Khashoggi is alive and free; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. B
OOKER , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. M URPHY , Ms. W
ARREN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ): S. 3591. A bill to extend authorization for the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund of 2001 through fiscal year 2090, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Ms. HASSAN (for herself and Mrs. S
HAHEEN ): S. 3592. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to prevent surprise medical bill-ing practices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. ERNST (for herself, Mr. C
OT-
TON, Mrs. M CCASKILL , and Ms. H
EITKAMP ): S. 3593. A bill to amend the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, to repeal certain limits on leave for a husband and wife em-ployed by the same employer; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ): S. 3594. A bill to provide for the issuance of a Stamp Out Elder Abuse Semipostal Stamp; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. GARDNER: S. 3595. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude employer con-tributions to student loan repayment from income, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. YOUNG (for himself, Ms. H
AS-
SAN, Mr. H ATCH , and Mr. K AINE): S. 3596. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to create an innovation zone initiative, and for other purposes; to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.025 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6816 October 11, 2018 
the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. HELLER: S. 3597. A bill to strengthen protections for child trafficking victims testifying against human traffickers; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CORNYN: S. 3598. A bill to limit private antitrust damages against occupational licensing boards, to promote beneficial reforms of State occupational licensing, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. R EED, Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. C ARPER ): S. 3599. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to codify and perma-nently extend the Medicare hospital wage index imputed rural floor; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. DONNELLY: S. 3600. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide that floor plan financing includes the financing of certain trailers and campers; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. Y
OUNG ): S. 3601. A bill to amend the Workforce In-novation and Opportunity Act to provide for a program that employs pay-for-performance financing for workforce development projects; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. STABENOW (for herself and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. 3602. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize school-based health centers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ): S. 3603. A bill to require the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration to implement a national employer notification service; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. R
ISCH, Mrs. S HAHEEN , and Mr. B URR): S. 3604. A bill to require a study to deter-mine the best available estimate of the total amount of nonhighway recreational fuel taxes received by the Secretary of the Treas-ury; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. WYDEN: S. 3605. A bill to support wildlife conserva-tion, improve anti-trafficking enforcement, provide dedicated funding for wildlife con-servation at no expense to taxpayers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. By Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mr. C
ORNYN ): S. 3606. A bill to amend the FAST Act to improve contracting opportunities for serv-ice-connected disabled veteran-owned small business concerns, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. W
ICKER , and Mr. P ERDUE ): S. 3607. A bill to strengthen the participa-tion of elected national legislators in the ac-tivities of the Organization of American States and reaffirm United States support for Organization of American States human rights and anti-corruption initiatives, and for other purposes; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. By Mr. UDALL (for himself, Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR , and Mr. H EINRICH ): S. 3608. A bill to provide grants for local care corps programs; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ): S. 3609. A bill to amend the National Trails System Act to designate the Route 66 Na-tional Historic Trail, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. f SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. WICKER (for himself and Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH): S. Res. 673. A resolution recognizing the 80th anniversary of Ingalls Shipbuilding; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HATCH: S. Res. 674. A resolution recognizing the month of October 2018 as ‘‘National Prin-cipals Month’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. K
ENNEDY ): S. Res. 675. A resolution designating the week beginning on October 14, 2018, as ‘‘Na-tional Wildlife Refuge Week’’; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Mr. C
ASEY ): S. Res. 676. A resolution to recognize the importance of National Disability Employ-ment Awareness Month; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ): S. Res. 677. A resolution congratulating the Seattle Storm women’s basketball team on winning the 2018 Women’s National Basket-ball Association championship; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Ms. C
ANT-
WELL , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. H
ELLER , Mr. K AINE, Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. W
ARREN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and Mr. S
ANDERS ): S. Res. 678. A resolution recognizing the month of October 2018 as Filipino American History Month and celebrating the history and culture of Filipino Americans and their immense contributions to the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. M
ORAN , Mr. L EAHY , and Mr. B OOZ-
MAN): S. Res. 679. A resolution designating Octo-ber 16, 2018, as ‘‘World Food Day’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Mr. M
URPHY , Mrs. C APITO , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ): S. Res. 680. A resolution calling on Con-gress, schools, and State and local edu-cational agencies to recognize the signifi-cant educational implications of dyslexia that must be addressed, and designating Oc-tober 2018 as ‘‘National Dyslexia Awareness Month’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. D ON-
NELLY , and Mr. E NZI): S. Res. 681. A resolution designating the week beginning October 21, 2018, as ‘‘Na-tional Character Counts Week’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. U
DALL , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. S CHU-
MER, Mr. C ORKER , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. G ARDNER , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mr. G RAHAM , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. R
OBERTS , Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. G
RASSLEY ): S. Res. 682. A resolution designating Octo-ber 30, 2018, as a national day of remem-brance for nuclear weapons program work-ers; considered and agreed to. By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Ms. DUCKWORTH ): S. Res. 683. A resolution recognizing and commemorating the bicentennial of the State of Illinois; considered and agreed to. By Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ): S. Res. 684. A resolution relative to the death of the Honorable Joseph D. ‘‘Joe’’ Tydings, former United States Senator for the State of Maryland; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 87 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 87, a bill to ensure that State and local law enforcement may cooperate with Federal officials to protect our commu-nities from violent criminals and sus-pected terrorists who are illegally present in the United States. 
S. 109 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 109, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medi-care program of pharmacist services. 
S. 210 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 210, a bill to prohibit the applica-tion of certain restrictive eligibility requirements to foreign nongovern-mental organizations with respect to the provision of assistance under part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961. 
S. 352 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 352, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Master Sergeant Rodrick ‘‘Roddie’’ Edmonds in recogni-tion of his heroic actions during World War II. 
S. 384 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 384, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the new markets tax credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 536 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 536, a bill to promote trans-parency in the oversight of cybersecu-rity risks at publicly traded compa-nies. 
S. 545 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 545, a bill to preserve and protect the free choice of individual employees 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.028 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6817 October 11, 2018 
to form, join, or assist labor organiza-tions, or to refrain from such activi-ties. 
S. 689 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 689, a bill to provide women with increased access to preventive and life- saving cancer screening. 
S. 796 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 796, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend the exclu-sion for employer-provided education assistance to employer payments of student loans. 
S. 802 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the names of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ) and the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 802, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal in honor of Lawrence Eugene ‘‘Larry’’ Doby in rec-ognition of his achievements and con-tributions to American major league athletics, civil rights, and the Armed Forces during World War II. 
S. 998 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 998, a bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to protect personally identifiable information, and for other purposes. 
S. 1090 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the names of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1090, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to fa-cilitate water leasing and water trans-fers to promote conservation and effi-ciency. 
S. 1121 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1121, a bill to establish a postsec-ondary student data system. 
S. 1706 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1706, a bill to prevent human health threats posed by the consump-tion of equines raised in the United States. 
S. 1730 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1730, a bill to implement policies to end preventable maternal, newborn, and child deaths globally. 
S. 2228 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2228, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide for ac-creditation reform, to require institu-tions of higher education to publish in-formation regarding student success, to provide for fiscal accountability, and to provide for school account-ability for student loans. S. 2276 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2276, a bill to require agencies to submit reports on outstanding rec-ommendations in the annual budget justification submitted to Congress. 
S. 2736 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2736, a bill to develop a long-term strategic vision and a comprehensive, multifaceted, and principled United States policy for the Indo-Pacific re-gion, and for other purposes. 
S. 2784 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. S
COTT), the Sen-ator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2784, a bill to reauthorize the Family Violence Prevention and Services Act. 
S. 2796 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2796, a bill to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to use the authority of the Secretary to conduct and support research on the ef-ficacy and safety of medicinal can-nabis, and for other purposes. 
S. 2821 
At the request of Ms. S MITH, the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2821, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the treatment of veterans who participated in the cleanup of Enewetak Atoll as ra-diation exposed veterans for purposes of the presumption of service-connec-tion of certain disabilities by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2830 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2830, a bill to reauthorize the rural emergency medical services training and equipment assistance pro-gram under section 330J of the Public Health Service Act. 
S. 2863 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ), the Sen-ator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE- S
MITH), the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ), the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. CRAPO ), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH), the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ), the Senator from Ne-braska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ), the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ), the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ), the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI), the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ), the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ), the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ), the Senator from Lou-isiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ), the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ), the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ), the Sen-ator from South Carolina (Mr. S
COTT), the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ), the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ), the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ), the Senator from Colo-rado (Mr. B
ENNET ), the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ), the Sen-ator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
AR-
REN), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ), the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) and the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2863, a bill to re-quire the Secretary of the Treasury to mint a coin in commemoration of the opening of the National Law Enforce-ment Museum in the District of Colum-bia, and for other purposes. 
S. 2971 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2971, a bill to amend the Ani-mal Welfare Act to prohibit animal fighting in the United States terri-tories. 
S. 3140 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3140, a bill to amend the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921, to provide for the establishment of a trust for the benefit of all unpaid cash sell-ers of livestock, and for other purposes. 
S. 3178 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ), the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ), the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) and the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3178, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to specify lynching as a deprivation of civil rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 3241 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the names of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) and the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3241, a bill to amend the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to provide for the termination by a spouse of a lessee of certain leases 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.031 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6818 October 11, 2018 
when the lessee dies while in military service. 
S. 3257 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3257, a bill to impose sanctions on foreign persons responsible for serious violations of international law regard-ing the protection of civilians during armed conflict, and for other purposes. 
S. 3319 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. R
EED), the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Sen-ator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3319, a bill to impose additional restrictions on tobacco flavors for use in e-ciga-rettes. 
S. 3321 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3321, a bill to award Congressional Gold Medals to Katherine Johnson and Dr. Christine Darden and to post-humously award Congressional Gold Medals to Dorothy Vaughan and Mary Jackson in recognition of their con-tributions to the success of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration during the Space Race. 
S. 3363 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3363, a bill to support States in their work to end preventable mor-bidity and mortality in maternity care by using evidence-based quality im-provement to protect the health of mothers during pregnancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum period and to re-duce neonatal and infant mortality, to eliminate racial disparities in mater-nal health outcomes, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3387 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3387, a bill to restore ad-ministrative law judges to the com-petitive service. 
S. 3449 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3449, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend certain tax credits related to electric cars, and for other purposes. 
S. 3470 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3470, a bill to promote United States-Mongolia trade by au-thorizing duty-free treatment for cer-tain imports from Mongolia, and for other purposes. 
S. 3476 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the names of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. ALEXANDER ), the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE), the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) and the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) were added as cosponsors of S. 3476, a bill to extend certain authorities relating to United States efforts to combat HIV/AIDS, tu-berculosis, and malaria globally, and for other purposes. 
S. 3481 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3481, a bill to amend the Securi-ties and Exchange Act of 1934 to re-quire issuers to disclose certain activi-ties relating to climate change, and for other purposes. 
S. 3483 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3483, a bill to direct the Under Secretary of Commerce for In-tellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, in consultation with the Admin-istrator of the Small Business Admin-istration, to conduct a study and pro-vide recommendations to promote the participation of women, minorities, and veterans in entrepreneurship ac-tivities and the patent system, to ex-tend by 8 years the authority of the United States Patent and Trademark Office to set the amounts for the fees that the Office charges, and for other purposes. 
S. 3504 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3504, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide an exemption from gross income for civil damages as recompense for trafficking in persons. 
S. 3530 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
AN H
OLLEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3530, a bill to reauthorize the Museum and Library Services Act. 
S. 3561 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3561, a bill to support entrepreneurs serving in the National Guard and Reserve, and for other purposes. 
S. 3564 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3564, a bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act and the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to estab-lish pilot programs to assist low-in-come households in maintaining access to sanitation services and drinking water, and for other purposes. 
S.J. RES. 64 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. MERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 64, a joint resolution pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of the Treasury relat-ing to ‘‘Returns by Exempt Organiza-tions and Returns by Certain Non-Ex-empt Organizations’’. 
S. RES. 220 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 220, a resolution expressing soli-darity with Falun Gong practitioners who have lost lives, freedoms, and rights for adhering to their beliefs and practices and condemning the practice of non-consenting organ harvesting, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , and Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR ): S. 3594. A bill to provide for the issuance of a Stamp Out Elder Abuse Semipostal Stamp; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President. Along with my colleague and friend, Senator C
LAIRE MCCASKILL , I am introducing the Stamp Out Elder Abuse Act of 2018, a bill that seeks to help combat the abuse and financial exploitation of our nation’s seniors. Our bill would create a semipostal, or fundraising, stamp that would allow Postal Service cus-tomers to make a voluntary contribu-tion to help raise awareness and com-bat elder abuse with a stamp purchase. The proceeds from this stamp would go to the Department of Health and Human Service’s (HHS) Administration on Community Living (ACL) and the Department of Justice (DOJ). This ad-ditional funding for the ACL would be used to further support the develop-ment and advancement of emerging practices to prevent and respond to the abuse of older adults. Funding for the DOJ would go toward improving pros-ecution, data collection, litigation sup-port, and prevention of elder abuse ini-tiatives. Notably, this bill would help to provide needed additional revenue to tackle elder abuse without costing the federal government a single penny. Abuse can happen to anyone—no matter the person’s age, gender, race, religion, or ethnic or cultural back-ground. Each year, hundreds of thou-sands of adults over the age of 60 are abused, neglected, or financially ex-ploited. Abuse can happen in many places, including a person’s home, a family member’s house, an assisted liv-ing facility, or a nursing home. Just as abuse can occur in various settings, there are many types of elder abuse, in-cluding physical abuse, emotional abuse, sexual abuse, neglect, abandon-ment, and financial exploitation. Al-though there are different types of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.033 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6819 October 11, 2018 
abuse, it is common for a victim to ex-perience more than one type of mis-treatment. According to the National Council on Aging, approximately one in ten Amer-icans aged 60 years old or older have experienced some form of elder abuse, and according to the GAO, financial fraud targeting older Americans is a growing epidemic that costs seniors an estimated $2.9 billion annually. We know, however, that the true number is probably much higher since many of these cases are never reported because the victim is too often ashamed to re-port abuse, particularly when it in-volves a family member. As a con-sequence, the true incidence of abuse is not known. In fact, the National Cen-ter on Elder Abuse reports that only one in 14 cases are reported to the au-thorities. In my home State of Maine—the State with the oldest population by median age—an estimated 33,000 sen-iors each year are the victims of some kind of abuse or financial fraud. More-over, in as many as 90 percent of finan-cial cases, the senior is victimized by someone he or she knows well. In a 2017 report of financial exploitation of Maine’s older adults, in most cases fi-nancial exploitation is perpetrated by a family members and for those per-petrators who were family members, the majority were the victim’s child. In a recent case in Maine, police charged a pastor in York County, Maine, with exploiting an incapaci-tated elderly woman. They say the man befriended the woman while he was volunteering at the assisted-living community where she lived. According to police, the State determined the woman to be incapacitated and as-signed her a guardian and conservator. The pastor allegedly took the woman to her bank, withdrew money to have the locks changed on her former home, which had been on the market, and he took down the ‘‘for sale’’ sign. Police say the pastor told the woman he would help her return to her house, even though it was not equipped for the wheelchair access she required. He sug-gested his daughter could live with the woman to care for her. Police say his goal was to ingratiate himself and have access to this woman’s financial ac-counts and property. Fortunately, in this case, the conservator, who was le-gally responsible for protecting the woman’s assets, identified and reported the suspected criminal activity to the police. Combatting elder abuse of seniors is primarily the responsibility of state and local agencies, particularly Adult Protective Services agencies. Preven-tion and response to cases of abuse re-quire coordinated efforts, including state and local agencies, law enforce-ment, the social work and medical community, and financial institutions. The Federal government also plays an important role in providing leader-ship to combat this problem. The Elder Justice Coordinating Council, which is led by HHS and DOJ, has brought other federal agencies to the table to coordi-nate efforts to protect older individuals from abuse. In January, the DOJ took another step forward by directing all 94 U.S. Attorneys’ offices to each des-ignate an elder justice coordinator, who will develop strategies to protect seniors in their districts. This will pro-mote greater cooperation between the DOJ and its law enforcement partners. While the best way to intervene in the problem of elder abuse is to prevent it from happening in the first place, when abuse does occur, it is crucial that the perpetrators of the crimes not go unpunished. I worked closely on the Stamp Out Elder Abuse Act of 2018 with Philip C. Marshall, founder of Beyond Brooke, a cause-based campaign named to honor Philip’s late grandmother, Brooke Astor, who was a well-known philan-thropist, recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom, and a victim of elder abuse and elder financial exploi-tation. In 2015, Mr. Marshall testified before the Senate Aging Committee about how his father mistreated his grandmother and mismanaged her as-sets while she suffered from Alz-heimer’s disease. In addition, I am pleased that the nonpartisan Elder Jus-tice Coalition, which represents more than 3,000 members, along with the Na-tional Center for Victims of Crime, the National Sheriff’s Association, and the National Association on Area Agencies on Aging support the bill. Preventing and combating elder abuse require law enforcement and so-cial service agencies at all levels of government to work collaboratively with the private sector. The Stamp Out Elder Abuse Act would assist the Fed-eral government’s role to help make that happen. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. President—I ask that letters from these organizations appear in the R
ECORD immediately following my re-marks. There being no objection so ordered. 
NATIONAL SHERIFFS ’ ASSOCIATION , Alexandria, VA, October 10, 2018. Hon. S
USAN COLLINS , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR SENATOR COLLINS : On behalf of the National Sheriffs’ Association (NSA) and the more than 3,000 elected sheriffs nationwide, I write to endorse the Stamp Out Elder Abuse Act of 2018 proposed by yourself and cospon-sored by Senator Claire McCaskill. This Act initiates a semi postal stamp that not only raises elder abuse awareness, but also dedi-cates the proceeds to elder justice programs within DOJ and HHS. As you may know, the NSA was one of the founding groups in the National Association of Triads, Inc. National Triads serves as a clearinghouse of information, best practices and early alert system for local Triads. Triad is a national community policing concept that partners law enforcement agencies with older adult volunteer groups and older adult related community services to educate older adults on crime and fraud, to reduce crime against the elderly, and eliminate the un-warranted fear of crime. After twenty-two years in existence, there are Triads in more than 680 counties in 36 states. Triad serves 16 million seniors na-tionwide—nearly half of America’s senior population. The National Sheriffs’ Associa-tion and local sheriffs have long recognized the need to ensure the safety and quality of life for the growing number of senior citizens by supporting the formation of community partnerships under the auspice of Triad. Triad has a clear vision and a simple mis-sion—to keep seniors safe from crime. The Stamp Out Elder Abuse Act of 2018 makes a clear effort to increase awareness and support for the elderly community. We applaud your efforts to support prevention and education, investigation and prosecu-tion, and victims’ services in an effort in combat elder abuse. Sincerely, JONATHAN F. T HOMPSON , Executive Director and CEO. 
THEELDER JUSTICE COALITION , A N
ATIONAL ADVOCACY VOICE FOR  E
LDER JUSTICE IN AMERICA , Washington, DC, September 25, 2018. Hon. S
USAN COLLINS , Chairman, Special Committee on Aging, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN COLLINS : As the National Coordinator of the nonpartisan Elder Justice Coalition which represents more than 3,000 members, I write to congratulate you on the introduction of the Stamp Out Elder Abuse Act of 2018, which will create a semi-postal stamp to provide additional funding to the federal government for programs to address elder abuse, neglect, and exploitation. The EJC is proud to have worked closely on this legislation with you and Philip C. Marshall, founder of Beyond Brooke, a cause-based campaign named to honor Philip’s late grandmother, Brooke Astor, who was a well- known philanthropist, recipient of the Presi-dential Medal of Freedom, and a victim of elder abuse and elder financial exploitation. We are pleased that the bill will direct the United States Postal Service to develop the semi-postal stamp and use the proceeds from its sales to provide funding to augment the elder justice initiatives at both the Adminis-tration on Aging in the Department of Health and Human Services and at the De-partment of Justice. These programs include prevention, education, data collection, serv-ices to protect and support victims, and dem-onstration projects, in addition to initiatives to investigate and prosecute perpetrators of elder abuse and financial exploitation. Fur-ther, the departments will be able to use their resources to support dissemination of the stamp. Thank you again for your leadership on this and other elder justice issues. Please let us know if we can be of assistance in secur-ing passage of the Stamp Out Elder Abuse Act of 2018. Sincerely, R
OBERT B. B LANCATO , National Coordinator. 
THENATIONAL CENTER FOR  V
ICTIMS OF CRIME, Washington, DC, October 2, 2018. Hon. S
USAN COLLINS , Chairman, Special Committee on Aging, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN COLLINS : As the Executive Director of the National Center for Victims of Crime which advocates for stronger rights, protections, and services for all crime vic-tims and the advocates who serve them, I write to congratulate you on the introduc-tion of the Stamp Out Elder Abuse Act of 2018, which will create a semi-postal stamp to provide additional funding to the federal government for programs to address elder abuse, neglect, and exploitation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.038 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6820 October 11, 2018 
We are pleased that the bill will direct the United States Postal Service to develop the semi-postal stamp and use the proceeds from its sales to provide funding to augment the elder justice initiatives at both the Adminis-tration on Aging in the Department of Health and Human Services and at the De-partment of Justice. These programs include prevention, education, data collection, serv-ices to protect and support victims, and dem-onstration projects, in addition to initiatives to investigate and prosecute perpetrators of elder abuse and financial exploitation. Fur-ther, the departments will be able to use their resources to support dissemination of the stamp. Thank you again for your leadership on this and other elder justice issues. Please let us know if we can be of assistance in secur-ing passage of the Stamp Out Elder Abuse Act of 2018. Sincerely, M
AIFERNANDEZ , Executive Director. 
By Mr. CORNYN: S. 3598. A bill to limit private anti-trust damages against occupational li-censing boards, to promote beneficial reforms of State occupational licens-ing, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 3598 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Occupa-tional Licensing Board Antitrust Damages Relief and Reform Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) C
ERTIFICATION .—The term ‘‘certifi-cation’’ means a voluntary program under which— (A) a private organization (in the case of private certification) or the government of a State (in the case of government certifi-cation) authorizes an individual who meets certain personal qualifications to use ‘‘cer-tified’’ as a designated title with respect to the performance of a lawful occupation; and (B) a noncertified individual may perform the lawful occupation for compensation but may not use the title ‘‘certified’’. (2) M
EMBER , OFFICER , EMPLOYEE , OR 
AGENT .—The term ‘‘member, officer, em-ployee, or agent’’, with respect to an occupa-tional licensing board, means an individual appointed by, to, or employed by the occupa-tional licensing board. (3) O
CCUPATIONAL LICENSE .—The term ‘‘oc-cupational license’’ means a nontransferable authorization under law for an individual to perform a lawful occupation for compensa-tion based on meeting personal qualifica-tions established by the State government. (4) O
CCUPATIONAL LICENSING BOARD .—The term ‘‘occupational licensing board’’ or ‘‘board’’ means an entity established under State law— (A) the express purpose of which is to regu-late the personal qualifications required to engage in or practice a particular lawful oc-cupation; and (B) that has authority conferred by State law to interpret or enforce the occupational regulations of the State. (5) O
CCUPATIONAL REGULATION .—The term ‘‘occupational regulation’’— (A) means a statute, rule, regulation, prac-tice, policy, or law that sets educational, ex-amination, training and/or experience re-quirements to authorize an individual to work in a lawful occupation; (B) includes any statute, rule, regulation, practice, policy, or law requiring certifi-cation or an occupational license; and (C) does not include a business license, fa-cility license, building permit, or zoning and land use regulation except to the extent that such a requirement or restriction substan-tially burdens an individual’s ability to work in a lawful occupation. (6) WIDELY REGULATED OCCUPATION .—The term ‘‘widely regulated occupation’’ means an occupation in which forty (40) or more States require an occupational license to en-gage in such occupation. (7) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States, the District of Colum-bia, and any territory or possession of the United States. 
SEC. 3. PRIVATE ANTITRUST DAMAGES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No damages, or interest on damages, may be recovered under section 4, 4A or 4C of the Clayton Act (15 U.S.C. 15, 15a, or 15c) by any person, except for any State, instrumentality of a State, or em-ployee of a State or instrumentality of a State acting in his or her official capacity, from an occupational licensing board, or any member, officer, employee, or agent of a board, acting in their official capacity, if— (1) the State— (A) has enacted a law requiring an occupa-tional license to practice the lawful occupa-tion regulated by the occupational licensing board; (B) has set forth criteria outlining any per-sonal qualifications necessary to obtain an occupational license and has required that li-censees adhere to standards of practice and ethical standards in the performance of regu-lated lawful occupations; and (C) has found that— (i) the public needs, and can be reasonably expected to benefit from, occupational li-censing of the lawful occupation; and (ii) the unlicensed conduct of the lawful occupation would harm or endanger the health, safety, or welfare of the public; (2) an occupation licensed by an occupa-tional licensing board— (A) is a widely regulated occupation; or (B)(i) is not a widely regulated occupation and the State has implemented a periodic sunset review process of the occupational li-censing board with regard to that occupa-tion; and (ii) if previously unregulated by the State, the State has implemented a sunrise review process of the occupational licensing board with regard to its regulation of that newly-licensed occupation; (3) the chief executive, legislature, or other elected officer of the State— (A) has appointed all members of the occu-pational licensing board; and (B) has required public representation on the occupational licensing board; and (4) the State or the occupational licensing board has established a mechanism under which any person aggrieved by an action of the occupational licensing board has the right to— (A) contest such action at a hearing before the occupational licensing board at which the individual may provide evidence, argu-ment, and analysis; (B) review, at a reasonable time before the hearing, all evidence that the occupational licensing board has gathered relating to the contested action; (C) receive a final reasoned decision in writing from the occupational licensing board within a reasonable period after the hearing; and (D) appeal an adverse decision of the occu-pational licensing board to an independent adjudicator, including judicial review. (b) APPLICABILITY .—This section shall not apply to any case commenced before the date of enactment of this Act, unless it would be inequitable not to apply this section to a pending action. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed to modify or im-pair the applicability or availability of— (1) relief pursuant to section 4A or 4C of the Clayton Act (15 U.S.C. 15a, 15c); (2) injunctive relief pursuant to section 16 of the Clayton Act (15 U.S.C. 26); (3) equitable monetary or injunctive relief pursuant to section 13(b) of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 53(b)); or (4) the ability of any person to recover the cost of the suit, including a reasonable attor-ney’s fee, under section 4 of the Clayton Act (15 U.S.C. 15). (d) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—The immunity from damages, or interest on damages, that is pro-vided to members, officers, employees, or agents of an occupational licensing board of a State under subsection (a) shall not apply to any action unrelated to their official ca-pacity, such as implementing rules gov-erning minimum prices or fees. 
SEC. 4. STATE LICENSING STUDIES TO BE CON-DUCTED. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on— (1) how States can best address occupa-tional licensing reform, particularly for those occupations that are not directly re-lated to protecting the health, safety, or wel-fare of the public, including recommenda-tions on how States can weigh the costs and benefits of occupational licensing against those of less restrictive alternatives, such as certification and other approaches; (2) how States can conduct comprehensive cost-benefit assessments of occupational reg-ulations and occupational licensing boards through sunrise reviews and periodic sunset reviews; (3) how States can implement policies to support occupational licensing uniformity and occupational license portability, includ-ing streamlined licensing portability pro-grams for veterans and military service members and spouses; and (4) how occupational licensing require-ments affect low-income workers, the unem-ployed, immigrants with work authoriza-tions, and individuals with criminal records. 
SEC. 5. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Except as provided in section 3, nothing in this Act shall be construed to modify or im-pair the applicability or the enforcement of the antitrust laws, as defined in the first sec-tion of the Clayton Act (15 U.S.C. 12). 
By Mr. WYDEN: S. 3605. A bill to support wildlife con-servation, improve anti-trafficking en-forcement, provide dedicated funding for wildlife conservation at no expense to taxpayers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I am introducing the Wildlife Conserva-tion and Anti-Trafficking Act which will work to protect threatened or en-dangered species, reduce human rights violations, and limit the illegal oper-ations of international criminal orga-nizations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.042 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6821 October 11, 2018 
This bill is a bipartisan and bi-cameral effort, sponsored in the House of Representatives by Representative M
ADELEINE BORDALLO and Representa-tive D
ONYOUNG , and I look forward to growing its support in the Senate. Conservation violations and wildlife trafficking offenses are a global prob-lem threatening biodiversity and ani-mal welfare and facilitating significant criminal operations. Tackling this broad problem is complicated and com-pounded by insufficient penalties for offenders and the difficulty of main-taining U.S.-oversight on the global level. This bill proposes to address these concerns by criminalizing elements of wildlife-trafficking operations under Federal racketeering and organized crime statutes. Classifying wildlife- trafficking crimes as ‘‘predicate of-fenses’’ under the Money Laundering Statute, Travel Act and the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act enables prosecutors to administer substantial fines and prison-time for violations. The bill recognizes the value of whis-tleblowers’ information to direct inves-tigations into wildlife-trafficking vio-lations. It establishes a procedure to secure valuable, useful information from informants and provide sufficient compensation for the risks these indi-viduals make to blow the whistle on il-legal operations. To do so, the bill redi-rects penalty payments from wildlife- trafficking violations to fund whistle-blower compensation programs. Mone-tary rewards to wildlife-crime whistle-blowers come from partial share of pen-alty paid to the U.S. Government, pro-viding no additional expense to Amer-ican taxpayers. The bill empowers Federal wildlife agents to operate abroad and provides them with direction to collaborate with local authorities. It instructs the Secretary of the Interior to adopt an International Wildlife Conservation Program consisting of four compo-nents: a regional component providing for protection of natural range habi-tats; a species component focusing con-servation on most vulnerable species; an anti-trafficking component to cur-tail demand and limit poaching; and a convention component to implement the Convention on International Trade in the Endangered Species of Wild Flora and Fauna, CITES. The legislation seeks to expand the Marine Turtle Act of 2004 by extending the legislation’s coverage to include U.S. territories, and increasing the Act’s scope to cover marine and fresh-water turtles as well as tortoises. Additionally, the bill proposes to strengthen the Marine Mammal Pro-tection Act of 1972 and the Shark-Fin-ning Measure under the Magnuson-Ste-vens Act by establishing that fines as-sociated with violating these acts are to be used to benefit the same species that were affected. Of particular concern to fishermen and women up and down the coasts, the bill addresses illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing violations by con-sidering serious abuses as violations of Federal money laundering laws and therefore subjecting violators to sub-stantial penalties. Protecting wildlife requires a unified and strategic approach to end poaching worldwide. Congress must aggressively counter the relentless activities of poachers, traffickers, and transnational criminal organizations. The Wildlife Conservation and Anti- Trafficking Act is a strong response to crimes against wildlife; it will provide the necessary tools to curtail these il-licit activities. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 673—RECOG-NIZING THE 80TH ANNIVERSARY OF INGALLS SHIPBUILDING Mr. WICKER (for himself and Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 673 Whereas October 2018 marks the 80
thanni- versary of Ingalls Shipbuilding, a ship-building corporation located in Pascagoula, Mississippi; Whereas Ingalls Shipbuilding is the largest industrial employer in the State of Mis-sissippi, with nearly 12,000 shipbuilders that— (1) construct surface combatants, amphib-ious assault ships, and United States Coast Guard cutters; and (2) provide repair and maintenance services on United States Navy ships; Whereas Ingalls Shipbuilding is the largest supplier to the United States Navy of surface combatants and has built nearly 70 percent of the fleet of warships of the United States Navy; Whereas Ingalls Shipbuilding was founded in 1938 by Robert Ingersoll Ingalls on the east bank of the Pascagoula River in the State of Mississippi; Whereas since 1938, Ingalls Shipbuilding has provided the United States Navy, United States Coast Guard, and other customers with the most reliable and high-quality ships in the world; Whereas the individuals who build ships at Ingalls Shipbuilding continue that legacy of excellence; Whereas Ingalls Shipbuilding provides 20,000 direct and indirect jobs in the State of Mississippi; Whereas Pascagoula is the home of the fin-est shipbuilders in the world; Whereas Ingalls Shipbuilding contributes more than $1,000,000,000 to the economy of the State of Mississippi annually; and Whereas as of the date of this resolution, Ingalls Shipbuilding— (1) has 13 ships from 4 different classes under construction; and (2) will build for the United States Navy the LPD Flight II, the next class of amphib-ious transport dock landing ship: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes Ingalls Shipbuilding on the occasion of its 80
thanniversary as a leader in the military shipbuilding sector of the United States and an excellent corporate cit-izen; and (2) extends best wishes to Ingalls Ship-building on that auspicious occasion. SENATE RESOLUTION 674—RECOG-NIZING THE MONTH OF OCTOBER 2018 AS ‘‘NATIONAL PRINCIPALS MONTH’’ Mr. HATCH submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 674 Whereas the National Association of Sec-ondary School Principals, the National Asso-ciation of Elementary School Principals, and the American Federation of School Adminis-trators have declared the month of October 2018 to be ‘‘National Principals Month’’; Whereas principals are educational vision-aries, instructional and assessment leaders, disciplinarians, community builders, budget analysts, facilities managers, and adminis-trators of legal and contractual obligations; Whereas principals work collaboratively with teachers and parents to develop and im-plement clear missions, high curriculum standards, and performance goals; Whereas principals create school environ-ments that facilitate great teaching and learning and continuous school improve-ment; Whereas the vision, actions, and dedication of principals provide the mobilizing force be-hind any school improvement effort; and Whereas the celebration of National Prin-cipals Month would honor elementary school, middle school, and high school prin-cipals and recognize the importance of prin-cipals in ensuring that every child has access to a high-quality education: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the month of October 2018 as ‘‘National Principals Month’’; (2) honors the contributions of principals in elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools in the United States; and (3) supports the goals and ideals of Na-tional Principals Month. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 675—DESIG-NATING THE WEEK BEGINNING ON OCTOBER 14, 2018, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE WEEK’’ Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. K
EN-
NEDY ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 675 Whereas, in 1903, President Theodore Roo-sevelt established the first national wildlife refuge on Pelican Island in Florida; Whereas, in 2018, the National Wildlife Ref-uge System, administered by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, is the pre-mier system of land and water to conserve wildlife in the world and has grown to ap-proximately 836,000,000 acres, 567 national wildlife refuges, and 38 wetland management districts located in every State and territory of the United States; Whereas national wildlife refuges are im-portant recreational and tourism destina-tions in communities across the United States, and this protected land offers a vari-ety of recreational opportunities, including 6 wildlife-dependent uses that the National Wildlife Refuge System manages, specifi-cally hunting, fishing, wildlife observation, photography, environmental education, and interpretation; Whereas the National Wildlife Refuge Sys-tem experiences more than 53,000,000 visits each year, which generate more than $2,400,000,000 in sales and 35,000 jobs in local economies; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.040 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6822 October 11, 2018 
Whereas visitation to the National Wildlife Refuge System increased by nearly 30 per-cent from 2006 to 2017; Whereas, in 2018, 377 units of the National Wildlife Refuge System have hunting pro-grams and 312 units of the National Wildlife Refuge System have fishing programs, aver-aging more than 2,400,000 hunting visits and more than 7,300,000 fishing visits each year; Whereas the National Wildlife Refuge Sys-tem experienced more than 31,400,000 wildlife observation visits during fiscal year 2017; Whereas national wildlife refuges are im-portant to local businesses and gateway communities; Whereas the National Wildlife Refuge Sys-tem encompasses every kind of ecosystem in the United States, including temperate, tropical and boreal forests, wetlands, deserts, grasslands, arctic tundras, and re-mote islands, and spans 12 time zones from the Virgin Islands to Guam; Whereas national wildlife refuges are home to more than 700 species of birds, 220 species of mammals, 250 species of reptiles and am-phibians, and more than 1,000 species of fish; Whereas national wildlife refuges are the primary Federal land on which the produc-tion, migration, and wintering habitat for waterfowl are fostered; Whereas, since 1934, the sale of the Federal Duck Stamp to outdoor enthusiasts has gen-erated more than $850,000,000, which has en-abled the purchase or lease of more than 5,700,000 acres of habitat for waterfowl and numerous other species in the National Wild-life Refuge System; Whereas refuges provide protection to more than 380 threatened and endangered species; Whereas national wildlife refuges are cores of conservation for larger landscapes and re-sources for other agencies of the Federal Government, State governments, private landowners, and organizations in efforts to secure the wildlife heritage of the United States; Whereas more than 38,000 volunteers and approximately 200 national wildlife refuge ‘‘Friends’’ organizations contribute more than 1,350,000 volunteer hours annually, the equivalent of 650 full-time employees, and provide an important link to local commu-nities; Whereas national wildlife refuges provide an important opportunity for children to dis-cover and gain a greater appreciation for the natural world; Whereas there are national wildlife refuges located in several urban and suburban areas and there is a refuge located within a 1-hour drive of every metropolitan area in the United States, which has enabled national wildlife refuges to employ, educate, and en-gage young people from all backgrounds in exploring, connecting with, and preserving the natural heritage of the United States; Whereas, since 1995, refuges across the United States have held festivals, edu-cational programs, guided tours, and other events to celebrate National Wildlife Refuge Week during the second full week of October; Whereas the United States Fish and Wild-life Service has designated the week begin-ning on October 14, 2018, as ‘‘National Wild-life Refuge Week’’; and Whereas the designation of National Wild-life Refuge Week by the Senate would recog-nize more than a century of conservation in the United States, raise awareness about the importance of wildlife and the National Wildlife Refuge System, and celebrate the myriad recreational opportunities available to enjoy this network of protected land: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the week beginning on Octo-ber 14, 2018, as ‘‘National Wildlife Refuge Week’’; (2) encourages the observance of National Wildlife Refuge Week with appropriate events and activities; (3) acknowledges the importance of na-tional wildlife refuges for their recreational opportunities and contribution to local economies across the United States; (4) finds that national wildlife refuges play a vital role in securing the hunting and fish-ing heritage of the United States for future generations; (5) identifies the significance of national wildlife refuges in advancing the traditions of wildlife observation, photography, envi-ronmental education, and interpretation; (6) recognizes the importance of national wildlife refuges to wildlife conservation, the protection of imperiled species and eco-systems, and compatible uses; (7) acknowledges the role of national wild-life refuges in conserving waterfowl and wa-terfowl habitat under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 U.S.C. 703 et seq.); (8) reaffirms the support of the Senate for wildlife conservation and the National Wild-life Refuge System; and (9) expresses the intent of the Senate— (A) to continue working to conserve wild-life; and (B) to manage the National Wildlife Refuge System for current and future generations. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 676—TO REC-OGNIZE THE IMPORTANCE OF NATIONAL DISABILITY EMPLOY-MENT AWARENESS MONTH Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Mr. C
ASEY ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 676 Whereas, in 1945, Congress passed the Joint Resolution of August 11, 1945 (59 Stat. 530, chapter 363), to establish the first week in October of each year as ‘‘National Employ the Physically Handicapped Week’’; Whereas, in 1988, Congress passed the Handicapped Programs Technical Amend-ments Act of 1988 (Public Law 100–630; 102 Stat. 3289), which designated October of each year as ‘‘National Disability Employment Awareness Month’’; Whereas, according to the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, approximately 61,000,000 people in the United States have a disability; Whereas, among people with disabilities in the United States, 33 percent participate in the workforce; Whereas the unemployment rate for people with a disability is higher than for people without a disability across all educational attainment groups; Whereas community-based, integrated em-ployment at competitive wages is a human right and vital to economic self-sufficiency in the United States; Whereas Employment First is a national movement, supported by the Department of Labor, that supports the belief that all peo-ple, including people with significant disabil-ities, are capable of full participation in competitive integrated employment and community living; Whereas, under Employment First policies, State and Federal systems align services, in-centives, and policies for youth and adults with disabilities to lead to community- based, integrated employment at competi-tive wages; Whereas, when provided the accommoda-tions and support they need, people with dis-abilities as a group are capable of performing virtually any job in the United States; Whereas Congress has enacted laws to en-sure people with disabilities are not dis-criminated against in employment, have ac-cess to supports and services to find and keep a job, and are entitled to accommoda-tions in the workplace, including— (1) in 1973, when Congress enacted the Re-habilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 701 et seq.), a landmark civil rights law that— (A) prohibits discrimination on the basis of a disability in employment by the Federal Government and Federal contractors; (B) requires the Federal Government and Federal contractors to engage in affirmative action to promote the employment and ad-vancement of people with disabilities; and (C) established programs administered by the Rehabilitation Services Administration of the Department of Education, including vocational rehabilitative services adminis-tered by State agencies; (2) in 1975, when Congress enacted the Edu-cation for All Handicapped Children Act of 1975 (Public Law 94–142; 89 Stat. 773), later re-named the Individuals with Disabilities Edu-cation Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), that re-quires public schools to provide all eligible children with disabilities a free appropriate public education in the least restrictive en-vironment, including services to assist stu-dents with disabilities as those students transition from high school to higher edu-cation or the workforce; (3) in 1990, when Congress enacted the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.), a landmark civil rights law that prohibits employment discrimina-tion against qualified individuals with dis-abilities, mandates reasonable accommoda-tions in the workplace, and requires public entities to provide services (including em-ployment services) in the most integrated setting; (4) in 2008, when Congress enacted the Ge-netic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 2000ff et seq.), a landmark civil rights law that prohibits employment discrimination on the basis of genetic infor-mation; (5) in 2014, when Congress enacted the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.) to strengthen and im-prove the workforce system of the United States to better support people with disabil-ities by— (A) focusing on increasing competitive in-tegrated employment for people with disabil-ities; (B) limiting the use of discriminatory sub-minimum wages; and (C) requiring that 15 percent of vocational rehabilitation funds be used to help people with disabilities transition from high school to higher education or the workforce; (6) in 2014, when Congress extended the work opportunity tax credit program to en-courage the hiring of people with disabilities referred by vocational rehabilitation agen-cies; and (7) in 2018, when Congress reauthorized the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Edu-cation Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.) to increase the focus on and funding for recruit-ing and supporting individuals with disabil-ities through career and technical education; Whereas the Federal Government is the largest employer in the United States and has taken steps to increase recruitment, hir-ing, and retention of people with disabilities in the Federal workforce, including when— (1) on July 26, 2000, President William J. Clinton issued Executive Order 13163 (29 U.S.C. 791 note; relating to increasing the op-portunity for individuals with disabilities to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.044 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6823 October 11, 2018 
be employed in the Federal Government), which set the goal for the Federal Govern-ment to hire 100,000 people with disabilities over 5 years, including individuals with tar-geted disabilities; (2) on July 26, 2010, President Barack Obama issued Executive Order 13548 (29 U.S.C. 791 note; relating to increasing Fed-eral employment of individuals with disabil-ities), which directed the Federal Govern-ment to take additional steps to achieve the hiring goals of Executive Order 13163 (29 U.S.C. 791 note; relating to increasing the op-portunity for individuals with disabilities to be employed in the Federal Government), in-cluding— (A) directing the Office of Personnel Man-agement to design model recruitment and hiring strategies for Federal agencies to in-crease the employment of people with dis-abilities; and (B) directing each Federal agency to de-velop a plan for that agency for promoting employment opportunities for people with disabilities, with— (i) performance measures and numerical goals for the employment of individuals with disabilities and targeted disabilities; and (ii) a focus on the retention of employees with disabilities; (3) on August 18, 2011, President Barack Obama issued Executive Order 13583 (42 U.S.C. 2000e note; relating to establishing a coordinated government-wide initiative to promote diversity and inclusion in the Fed-eral workforce), which prompted the Office of Personnel Management to encourage the use of Schedule A hiring authority for people with disabilities, conduct barrier analyses, and support Special Emphasis Programs to promote diversity in the workforce; (4) on May 14, 2015, President Barack Obama issued Executive Order 13658 (79 Fed. Reg. 9851; relating to establishing a min-imum wage for contractors (February 20, 2014)), which required certain Federal Gov-ernment contractors to pay the same min-imum wage to workers with disabilities as all other workers; (5) the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, in implementing the Rehabili-tation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 701 et seq.), re-quired Federal agencies to set hiring and workforce goals for people with specific dis-abilities that are associated with high rates of unemployment and underemployment; (6) the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission created the Leadership for the Employment of Americans with Disabilities (or ‘‘LEAD’’) Initiative to encourage Federal agencies to recruit, hire, and promote people with severe disabilities; and (7) the Office of Federal Contract Compli-ance Programs of the Department of Labor, in implementing the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 701 et seq.), established a na-tionwide 7 percent utilization goal for Fed-eral contractors employing people with dis-abilities; Whereas some private employers see dis-ability employment not only as a civil rights issue but also as a smart business strategy, and have recruited employees with disabil-ities; Whereas employing people with disabilities increases the diversity of the workforce; Whereas employers with diverse workforces have been found to have an ad-vantage over competitors; Whereas Employment First policies, the laws Congress has enacted, actions by Execu-tive agencies, and actions by some private companies have increased the employment of people with disabilities, which has, in part, resulted in 26 consecutive months of im-provement in disability employment in the period between March 2016 and May 2018; and Whereas, despite progress, unemployment and underemployment of workers with dis-abilities remains high: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the importance of National Disability Employment Awareness Month; (2) urges Congressional offices, Federal Ex-ecutive agencies, State and local govern-ment employers, and private employers to redouble their efforts to increase employ-ment of people with disabilities; and (3) encourages individuals, employers, cit-ies, counties, and States to observe National Disability Employment Awareness Month with appropriate programs and activities that increase the recruitment, hiring, and retention of people with disabilities to the workforce. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 677—CON-GRATULATING THE SEATTLE STORM WOMEN’S BASKETBALL TEAM ON WINNING THE 2018 WOMEN’S NATIONAL BASKET-BALL ASSOCIATION CHAMPION-SHIP Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
S. R ES. 677 Whereas, on September 12, 2018, the Seattle Storm women’s basketball team (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘Seattle Storm’’) won the 2018 Women’s National Basketball Association (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘WNBA’’) championship; Whereas the 2018 WNBA championship is the third national championship that the Se-attle Storm has won and the first national championship that team has won since 2010; Whereas the Seattle Storm beat the Wash-ington Mystics women’s basketball team in the WNBA finals and bested the Phoenix Mercury women’s basketball team in the WNBA conference finals; Whereas the Seattle Storm became the sixth team in the history of the WNBA to sweep the WNBA finals in three games; Whereas the Seattle Storm dominated the regular season, with the best record of any team in the WNBA of 26–8, and earned the top seed; Whereas the Seattle Storm championship team exhibited stellar teamwork from its 12 highly talented professional athletes, includ-ing Sue Bird, Breanna Stewart, Natasha Howard, Jewell Loyd, Alysha Clark, Sami Whitcomb, Jordin Canada, Crystal Langhorne, Kaleena Mosqueda-Lewis, Noelle Quinn, Courtney Paris, and Mercedes Rus-sell; Whereas Breanna Stewart received the 2018 WNBA Finals Most Valuable Player award and the 2018 WNBA League Most Valuable Player award; Whereas Natasha Howard received the 2018 WNBA Most Improved Player award; Whereas Sue Bird received the 2018 WNBA Kim Perrot Sportsmanship award, finished her 16th season in the WNBA, led the WNBA with 2,831 career assists, and became the All- Time Games Played leader in the WNBA; Whereas the Seattle Storm was led during the 2018 season by Head Coach Dan Hughes and Assistant Coaches Gary Kloppenburg, Ryan Webb, and Crystal Robinson; Whereas the players of the Seattle Storm were supported during the 2018 season by ex-ceptionally committed operational and med-ical staff, including Talisa Rhea, Perry Huang, Emily Blurton, Susan Borchardt, Dr. Adam Pourcho, Dr. Jeff Cary, Tom Spencer, Abby Gordon, Dana McCracken, Susan Kleiner, and Erica Nash; Whereas the owners of the Seattle Storm, Lisa Brummel, Dawn Trudeau, and Ginny Glidel, are just 1 of 2 all-female ownership groups in the WNBA; Whereas the Seattle Storm has exhibited dedication to social impact by strengthening communities through the StormCares part-nership with organizations in the greater Puget Sound region; and Whereas the dedication and hard work of the Seattle Storm have inspired and empow-ered girls, boys, women, and men of all ages: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate recognizes— (1) the achievements of the players, coach-es, fans, and staff whose dedication has helped the Seattle Storm women’s basket-ball team win the 2018 Women’s National Basketball Association championship; (2) the State of Washington and the City of Seattle for their enthusiastic support of women’s professional basketball; and (3) the continuing progress toward ensur-ing equity in men’s and women’s professional sports. f SENATE RESOLUTION 678—RECOG-NIZING THE MONTH OF OCTOBER 2018 AS FILIPINO AMERICAN HIS-TORY MONTH AND CELEBRATING THE HISTORY AND CULTURE OF FILIPINO AMERICANS AND THEIR IMMENSE CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE UNITED STATES Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Ms. C
ANT-
WELL , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. H
ELLER , Mr. K AINE, Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and Mr. S ANDERS ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 678 Whereas the earliest documented Filipino presence in the continental United States was October 18, 1587, when the first ‘‘Luzones Indios’’ arrived in Morro Bay, California, on board the Nuestra Sen˜ora de Esperanza, a Manila-built galleon ship; Whereas the Filipino American National Historical Society recognizes 1763 as the year in which the first permanent Filipino settle-ment in the United States was established in St. Malo, Louisiana; Whereas the recognition of the first perma-nent Filipino settlement in the United States adds a new perspective to the history of the United States by bringing attention to the economic, cultural, social, and other no-table contributions made by Filipino Ameri-cans to the development of the United States; Whereas the Filipino American community is the third largest Asian American and Pa-cific Islander group in the United States, with a population of approximately 4,000,000; Whereas, from the Civil War to the Iraq and Afghanistan conflicts, Filipinos and Fili-pino Americans have a longstanding history of serving in the Armed Forces of the United States; Whereas more than 250,000 Filipinos fought under the United States flag during World War II to protect and defend the United States in the Pacific theater; Whereas 20,000 Filipino World War II vet-erans were granted United States citizenship as a result of the Immigration Act of 1990, which was signed into law by President George H.W. Bush on November 29, 1990; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.046 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6824 October 11, 2018 
Whereas, effective June 8, 2016, the Filipino World War II Veterans Parole Program al-lowed for Filipino World War II veterans and certain family members to be reunited more expeditiously than the immigrant visa proc-ess allowed at that time; Whereas, on December 14, 2016, President Barack Obama signed into law the Filipino Veterans of World War II Congressional Gold Medal Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–265; 130 Stat. 1376) to award Filipino veterans who fought alongside troops of the United States in World War II the highest civilian honor bestowed by Congress; Whereas, on October 25, 2017, the Congres-sional Gold Medal was presented to Filipino World War II veterans in Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Building, a recognition for which the veterans have waited for more than 70 years; Whereas Filipino Americans continue to demonstrate a commendable sense of patri-otism and honor; Whereas 9 Filipino Americans have re-ceived the Congressional Medal of Honor, the highest award for valor in action against an enemy force that may be bestowed on an in-dividual serving in the Armed Forces; Whereas the late Thelma Garcia Buchholdt, born in Claveria, Cagayan, on the island of Luzon in the Philippines— (1) moved with her family to Alaska in 1965; (2) was elected to the House of Representa-tives of Alaska in 1974; (3) was the first Filipino woman elected to a State legislature; and (4) authored a comprehensive history book entitled ‘‘Filipinos in Alaska: 1788–1958’’; Whereas Filipino American farmworkers and labor leaders, such as Philip Vera Cruz and Larry Itliong, played an integral role in the multiethnic United Farm Workers move-ment, alongside Cesar Cha´vez, Dolores Huerta, and other Latino workers; Whereas Filipino Americans play an inte-gral role in the healthcare system of the United States as nurses, doctors, and other medical professionals; Whereas Filipino Americans have contrib-uted greatly to music, dance, literature, edu-cation, business, journalism, sports, fashion, politics, government, science, technology, the fine arts, and other fields that enrich the landscape of the United States; Whereas, as mandated in the mission state-ment of the Filipino American National His-torical Society, efforts should continue to promote the study of Filipino American his-tory and culture because the roles of Filipino Americans and other people of color have largely been overlooked in the writing, teaching, and learning of the history of the United States; Whereas it is imperative for Filipino American youth to have positive role models to instill— (1) the significance of education, com-plemented by the richness of Filipino Amer-ican ethnicity; and (2) the value of the Filipino American leg-acy; and Whereas it is essential to promote the un-derstanding, education, and appreciation of the history and culture of Filipino Ameri-cans in the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the celebration of Filipino American History Month in October 2018 as— (A) a testament to the advancement of Fil-ipino Americans; (B) a time to reflect on and remember the many notable contributions that Filipino Americans have made to the United States; and (C) a time to renew efforts toward the re-search and examination of history and cul-ture so as to provide an opportunity for all people of the United States to learn more about Filipino Americans and to appreciate the historic contributions of Filipino Ameri-cans to the United States; and (2) urges the people of the United States to observe Filipino American History Month with appropriate programs and activities. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 679—DESIG-NATING OCTOBER 16, 2018, AS ‘‘WORLD FOOD DAY’’ Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. M
ORAN , Mr. L
EAHY , and Mr. B OOZMAN ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 679 Whereas hunger and malnutrition are daily facts of life for hundreds of millions of peo-ple around the world; Whereas women and children suffer the most serious effects of hunger and malnutri-tion; Whereas millions of children die each year from hunger-related illness and disease; Whereas many people suffer permanent physical or mental impairment because of vitamin or protein deficiencies; Whereas the United States has a long tra-dition of demonstrating humanitarian con-cern for the hungry and malnourished people of the world; Whereas there is a growing concern in the United States and in other countries about threats to the future food supply, including— (1) misuse and overuse of land and water; (2) loss of biological diversity; and (3) erosion of genetic resources on a global scale; Whereas the world community increas-ingly calls upon the United States to resolve food problems stemming from natural- and human-made disasters by providing humani-tarian assistance; Whereas the United States— (1) plays a major role in the development and implementation of international food and agricultural trade standards and prac-tices; and (2) recognizes the positive role that the global food trade can play in enhancing human nutrition and alleviating hunger; Whereas, although progress has been made in reducing the incidence of hunger and mal-nutrition in the United States, certain groups remain vulnerable to malnutrition and related diseases; Whereas the conservation of natural re-sources, the preservation of biological diver-sity, and strong public and private agricul-tural research programs are required for the United States— (1) to remain food secure; and (2) to continue to aid the hungry and mal-nourished people of the world; Whereas the United States is a world lead-er in the development of agricultural innova-tion and technology aimed at enhancing the improved production, safety, and quality of the world food supply and must continue to retain that role; Whereas participation by private vol-untary organizations and businesses, work-ing with national governments and the inter-national community, is essential in the search for ways to increase food production in developing countries and improve food distribution to hungry and malnourished people; Whereas the Food and Agriculture Organi-zation of the United Nations (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘FAO’’) is mandated to lead global efforts to address food and nutri-tion security issues; Whereas the member nations of the FAO have unanimously designated October 16 of each year as ‘‘World Food Day’’; Whereas the FAO has done commendable work in organizing activities and efforts on ‘‘World Food Day’’ in over 130 countries to promote awareness of and action for people suffering from hunger and malnutrition; Whereas past observances of ‘‘World Food Day’’ have been supported— (1) by proclamations by Congress, the President, the 50 States, the District of Co-lumbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and the territories and possessions of the United States; and (2) by programs of the Department of Agri-culture and other Federal departments and agencies; Whereas private voluntary organizations and community leaders are participating in planning ‘‘World Food Day’’ observances in 2018, and a growing number of these organi-zations and leaders are using ‘‘World Food Day’’ as a focal point for year-round pro-grams; and Whereas the people of the United States can express their concern for the plight of hungry and malnourished people throughout the world by study, advocacy, and action: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates October 16, 2018, as ‘‘World Food Day’’; and (2) encourages the people of the United States to observe the day with appropriate ceremonies and activities. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 680—CALL-ING ON CONGRESS, SCHOOLS, AND STATE AND LOCAL EDU-CATIONAL AGENCIES TO RECOG-NIZE THE SIGNIFICANT EDU-CATIONAL IMPLICATIONS OF DYSLEXIA THAT MUST BE AD-DRESSED, AND DESIGNATING OC-TOBER 2018 AS ‘‘NATIONAL DYS-LEXIA AWARENESS MONTH’’ Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Mr. M
UR-
PHY, Mrs. C APITO , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 680 Whereas dyslexia is— (1) defined as an unexpected difficulty in reading for an individual who has the intel-ligence to be a much better reader; and (2) most commonly caused by a difficulty in phonological processing (the appreciation of the individual sounds of spoken language), which affects the ability of an individual to speak, read, and spell, and often, the ability to learn a second language; Whereas dyslexia is the most common learning disability and affects 80 to 90 per-cent of all individuals with a learning dis-ability; Whereas dyslexia is persistent and highly prevalent, affecting as many as 1 out of every 5 individuals; Whereas dyslexia is a paradox, in that an individual with dyslexia may have both— (1) weaknesses in decoding that result in difficulties in accurate or fluent word rec-ognition; and (2) strengths in higher-level cognitive func-tions, such as reasoning, critical thinking, concept formation, and problem solving; Whereas great progress has been made in understanding dyslexia on a scientific level, including the epidemiology and cognitive and neurobiological bases of dyslexia; Whereas the achievement gap between typ-ical readers and dyslexic readers occurs as early as first grade; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.049 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6825 October 11, 2018 
Whereas early screening for, and early di-agnosis of, dyslexia are critical for ensuring that individuals with dyslexia receive fo-cused, evidence-based intervention that leads to fluent reading, promotion of self- awareness and self-empowerment, and the provision of necessary accommodations that ensure success in school and in life: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) calls on Congress, schools, and State and local educational agencies to recognize that dyslexia has significant educational im-plications that must be addressed; and (2) designates October 2018 as ‘‘National Dyslexia Awareness Month’’. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 681—DESIG-NATING THE WEEK BEGINNING OCTOBER 21, 2018, AS ‘‘NATIONAL CHARACTER COUNTS WEEK’’ Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. D ON-
NELLY , and Mr. E NZI) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 681 Whereas the well-being of the United States requires that the young people of the United States become an involved, caring citizenry of good character; Whereas the character education of chil-dren has become more urgent, as violence by and against youth increasingly threatens the physical and psychological well-being of the people of the United States; Whereas, more than ever, children need strong and constructive guidance from their families and their communities, including schools, youth organizations, religious insti-tutions, and civic groups; Whereas the character of a nation is only as strong as the character of its individual citizens; Whereas the public good is advanced when young people are taught the importance of good character and the positive effects that good character can have in personal relation-ships, in school, and in the workplace; Whereas scholars and educators agree that people do not automatically develop good character and that, therefore, conscientious efforts must be made by institutions and in-dividuals that influence youth to help young people develop the essential traits and char-acteristics that comprise good character; Whereas, although character development is, first and foremost, an obligation of fami-lies, the efforts of faith communities, schools, and youth, civic, and human service organizations also play an important role in fostering and promoting good character; Whereas Congress encourages students, teachers, parents, youth, and community leaders to recognize the importance of char-acter education in preparing young people to play a role in determining the future of the United States; Whereas effective character education is based on core ethical values, which form the foundation of a democratic society; Whereas examples of character are trust-worthiness, respect, responsibility, fairness, caring, citizenship, and honesty; Whereas elements of character transcend cultural, religious, and socioeconomic dif-ferences; Whereas the character and conduct of youth reflect the character and conduct of society, and, therefore, every adult has the responsibility to teach and model ethical values and every social institution has the responsibility to promote the development of good character; Whereas Congress encourages individuals and organizations, especially those that have an interest in the education and training of the young people of the United States, to adopt the elements of character as intrinsic to the well-being of individuals, commu-nities, and society; Whereas many schools in the United States recognize the need, and have taken steps, to integrate the values of their communities into teaching activities; and Whereas the establishment of ‘‘National Character Counts Week’’, during which indi-viduals, families, schools, youth organiza-tions, religious institutions, civic groups, and other organizations focus on character education, is of great benefit to the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the week beginning October 21, 2018, as ‘‘National Character Counts Week’’; and (2) calls upon the people of the United States and interested groups— (A) to embrace the elements of character identified by local schools and communities, such as trustworthiness, respect, responsi-bility, fairness, caring, and citizenship; and (B) to observe the week with appropriate ceremonies, programs, and activities. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 682—DESIG-NATING OCTOBER 30, 2018, AS A NATIONAL DAY OF REMEM-BRANCE FOR NUCLEAR WEAP-ONS PROGRAM WORKERS Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. U
DALL , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. C
ORKER , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. G ARDNER , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mr. G RAHAM , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. R OB-
ERTS , Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. G RASSLEY ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 682 Whereas, since World War II, hundreds of thousands of men and women, including ura-nium miners, millers, and haulers, have served the United States by building nuclear weapons for the defense of the United States; Whereas dedicated workers paid a high price for developing a nuclear weapons pro-gram at the service of and for the benefit of the United States, including by developing disabling or fatal illnesses; Whereas the Senate recognized the con-tributions, services, and sacrifices that those patriotic men and women made for the de-fense of the United States in— (1) Senate Resolution 151, 111th Congress, agreed to May 20, 2009; (2) Senate Resolution 653, 111th Congress, agreed to September 28, 2010; (3) Senate Resolution 275, 112th Congress, agreed to September 26, 2011; (4) Senate Resolution 519, 112th Congress, agreed to August 1, 2012; (5) Senate Resolution 164, 113th Congress, agreed to September 18, 2013; (6) Senate Resolution 417, 113th Congress, agreed to July 9, 2014; (7) Senate Resolution 213, 114th Congress, agreed to September 25, 2015; (8) Senate Resolution 560, 114th Congress, agreed to November 16, 2016; and (9) Senate Resolution 314, 115th Congress, agreed to October 30, 2017; Whereas a national day of remembrance time capsule has been crossing the United States, collecting stories and artifacts of nu-clear weapons program workers relating to the nuclear defense era of the United States, and a remembrance quilt has been con-structed to memorialize the contribution of those workers; Whereas the stories and artifacts reflected in the time capsule and the remembrance quilt reinforce the importance of recognizing nuclear weapons program workers; and Whereas those patriotic men and women deserve to be recognized for the contribu-tions, services, and sacrifices they made for the defense of the United States: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates October 30, 2018, as a na-tional day of remembrance for the nuclear weapons program and uranium enrichment workers of the United States, including the uranium miners, millers, and haulers; and (2) encourages the people of the United States to support and participate in appro-priate ceremonies, programs, and other ac-tivities to commemorate October 30, 2018, as a national day of remembrance for past and present workers in the nuclear weapons pro-gram of the United States. f SENATE RESOLUTION 683—RECOG-NIZING AND COMMEMORATING THE BICENTENNIAL OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 683 Whereas Illinoisans will celebrate the 200th anniversary of the founding of the State of Illinois on December 3, 2018, and the lasting legacy of all that the ‘‘Prairie State’’ has to offer; Whereas Illinois was the 21st State to be admitted to the Union in 1818, expanding the heartland of the United States farther west; Whereas Illinois took part in shaping the visions and moral compass of Abraham Lin-coln, the 16th President of the United States, and became known as the ‘‘Land of Lincoln’’; Whereas Abraham Lincoln demonstrated political courage in issuing the Emanci-pation Proclamation in 1863, an Executive order which freed more than 3,000,000 enslaved persons of color in the United States; Whereas Illinois led the righteous path to-ward equality as the first State to ratify the 13th Amendment, banning slavery in the United States, in 1865; Whereas Illinois fostered the development of many leaders of the United States as the birthplace of President Ronald Reagan and the home of President Ulysses S. Grant and the first African-American President of the United States, Barack H. Obama; Whereas Illinois served as a pioneer in challenging the views of leadership in soci-ety by electing— (1) the third woman to ever serve in Con-gress, Winnifred S. Huck, in 1922; and (2) the first African-American woman to serve in the Senate, Carol Moseley Braun, in 1993; Whereas the characteristic forests, wet-lands, and vast farmland of Illinois estab-lished Illinois as an agricultural leader and the predominant producer of soybeans, corn, and swine in the United States, and is home to more than 72,000 farms that cover 27,000,000 acres, or 75 percent of the State; Whereas Illinois is home to Chicago, the third largest city in the United States, which survived and rebuilt following the Great Chicago Fire of 1871 that resulted in 300 fatalities and incurred an estimated $200,000,000 in damage across 4 miles of the city; Whereas Chicago introduced the world to groundbreaking, life-altering innovations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.050 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6826 October 11, 2018 
while it was host to the World’s Columbian Exposition in 1893, where the world wit-nessed— (1) the first all-steel-framed skyscraper, the Rand McNally Building on Adams Street; and (2) the first Ferris Wheel; Whereas Illinois inventors have been trail-blazers in every area of scientific and me-chanical achievement, having contributed such inventions as the cell phone, the me-chanical dishwasher, the zipper, meatpacking, the first blood bank in the United States, the wireless remote con-troller, the vacuum cleaner, and the farm silo; Whereas Chicago was home to revolu-tionary and timely events, including— (1) the first televised Presidential debate; (2) the first successful open-heart surgery; and (3) the first self-sustaining controlled nu-clear reaction in the world; Whereas the economic contributions of Il-linois are a testament of the hardworking men and women who call the State home, as the gross domestic product of the State of Il-linois in 2016 amounted to $796,000,000,000 and was the fifth highest in the United States in that year; Whereas the communities of Illinois nur-ture unwavering heroism, as the State is home to more than 20,000 active duty mili-tary personnel, more than 24,000 members of reserve forces, and, from 2012 to 2016, more than 643,000 veterans, who selflessly risked their lives for the protection of the United States; Whereas Illinois prides itself on institu-tions of academic excellence and is home to more than 300 colleges and universities that have made significant intellectual, sci-entific, and philosophical contributions to the State as well as the United States; Whereas Illinois has been home to numer-ous renowned artists in the areas of music, writing, acting, and visual art, including— (1) Miles Davis, born in Alton and raised in East St. Louis; (2) Ernest Hemingway, born in Oak Park; (3) Jane Addams, born in Cedarville; (4) Nat King Cole, raised in Chicago; (5) Carl Sandburg, born in Galesburg; (6) Sam Cooke, raised in Chicago; (7) Walt Disney, born in Chicago; and (8) Robin Williams, born in Chicago; Whereas the major league sports teams of Chicago exhibit an impressive level of athleticism and sportsmanship, and have won several national championships, includ-ing, within the past 40 years— (1) the Chicago Bears in 1986; (2) the Chicago Bulls each year from— (A) 1991 through 1993; and (B) 1996 through 1998; (3) the Chicago White Sox in 2005; (4) the Chicago Blackhawks in 2010, 2013, and 2015; and (5) the Chicago Cubs in 2016; Whereas, since its inception, Illinois has welcomed with open arms visitors from every corner of the world, possessed an un-derstanding of how diversity enriches the fabric of our country, fostered people, pre-served land, and generated contributions that are imperative to the history of the United States; Whereas Illinois will be celebrating its bi-centennial with the dedication of a new Bi-centennial Plaza that connects the home of President Lincoln to the State Capitol in Springfield, as well as a commemorative Route 66 motorcycle ride and fireworks above the State Capitol on the eve of the oc-casion; and Whereas residents across Illinois have hosted, and continue to host, celebrations, from downstate Illinois up to the coast of Lake Michigan, commemorating the 200th anniversary of the State: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the bicentennial of the founding of the State of Illinois, as well as the past and current residents of Illinois for their significant contributions to the eco-nomic, social, and cultural development of the United States; and (2) respectfully requests that the Secretary of the Senate transmit a copy of this resolu-tion to the Governor of Illinois. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 684—REL-ATIVE TO THE DEATH OF THE HONORABLE JOSEPH D. ‘‘JOE’’ TYDINGS, FORMER UNITED STATES SENATOR FOR THE STATE OF MARYLAND Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 684 Whereas Joseph D. ‘‘Joe’’ Tydings (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘Joe Tydings’’) en-tered the McDonough School as a military cadet in 1938; Whereas Joe Tydings served in the United States Army from 1946 to 1948, participating in the postwar occupation of Germany as a corporal of the Sixth Constabulary Regi-ment; Whereas Joe Tydings was elected in 1954 to the Maryland House of Delegates to rep-resent Harford County, and served there until 1961; Whereas Joe Tydings was appointed by President John F. Kennedy to serve as United States Attorney for the District of Maryland from 1961 to 1963; Whereas Joe Tydings worked hard to es-tablish the nonpartisan reputation of the of-fice of the United States Attorney for the District of Maryland and successfully pros-ecuted political corruption in the State of Maryland; Whereas in 1963 Joe Tydings represented the United States at the Interpol Conference in Helsinki, Finland, and at the Inter-national Penal Conference in Bellagio, Italy; Whereas Joe Tydings was elected in 1964 to represent the State of Maryland in the United States Senate; Whereas Joe Tydings served the United States Senate as the Chairman of the Com-mittee on the District of Columbia in the 91st Congress; Whereas Joe Tydings authored legislation to make improvements to the Federal court system, many of which are still in place as of the date of adoption of this resolution; Whereas Joe Tydings was a progressive who championed the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (52 U.S.C. 10301 et seq.) and the Fair Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 3601 et seq.); Whereas Joe Tydings demonstrated a duty to public service by committing to protect the civil rights of fellow citizens, safeguard the environment and public health, and reach across the aisle to find bipartisan solu-tions to pressing national problems; Whereas Joe Tydings was an avid and de-voted horseman who— (1) authored the Horse Protection Act (15 U.S.C. 1821 et seq.), which penalizes the prac-tice of soring horses; and (2) advocated for the implementation of that Act following a return to private life; Whereas Joe Tydings continued to serve his community in many different capacities, including as a member of— (1) the Board of Regents of the University of Maryland from 1974 to 1984; (2) the Board of Regents of the University System of Maryland from 2000 to 2005; and (3) the board of the University of Maryland Medical System since 2008; and Whereas Joe Tydings served the people of the State of Maryland and all of the people of the United States with distinction for 6 years in the United States Senate: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That— (1) the Senate has heard with profound sor-row and deep regret the announcement of the death of the Honorable Joseph D. ‘‘Joe’’ Tydings, former member of the United States Senate; (2) the Secretary of the Senate commu-nicate this resolution to the House of Rep-resentatives and transmit an enrolled copy of this resolution to the family of the Honor-able Joseph D. ‘‘Joe’’ Tydings; and (3) when the Senate adjourns today, it stand adjourned as a further mark of respect to the memory of the Honorable Joseph D. ‘‘Joe’’ Tydings. f AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 4054. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 140, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Set-tlement Fund. SA 4055. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C ORKER ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 390, to provide relief for victims of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes who are members of religious and ethnic mi-nority groups in Iraq and Syria, for account-ability for perpetrators of these crimes, and for other purposes. SA 4056. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C ORKER ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 390, supra. SA 4057. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. A LEX-
ANDER ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 2422, to amend the Public Health Serv-ice Act to improve essential oral health care for low-income and other underserved indi-viduals by breaking down barriers to care, and for other purposes. SA 4058. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C ORKER ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 3342, to impose sanctions with respect to foreign persons that are responsible for using civil-ians as human shields, and for other pur-poses. SA 4059. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C ORKER ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 3342, supra. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 4054. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 140, to amend the White Moun-tain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quan-tification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Frank LoBi-ondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents of this Act is as fol-lows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. TITLE I—REORGANIZATION OF TITLE 14, UNITED STATES CODE Sec. 101. Initial matter. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.053 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6827 October 11, 2018 
Sec. 102. Subtitle I. Sec. 103. Chapter 1. Sec. 104. Chapter 3. Sec. 105. Chapter 5. Sec. 106. Chapter 7. Sec. 107. Chapter 9. Sec. 108. Chapter 11. Sec. 109. Subtitle II. Sec. 110. Chapter 19. Sec. 111. Part II. Sec. 112. Chapter 21. Sec. 113. Chapter 23. Sec. 114. Chapter 25. Sec. 115. Part III. Sec. 116. Chapter 27. Sec. 117. Chapter 29. Sec. 118. Subtitle III and chapter 37. Sec. 119. Chapter 39. Sec. 120. Chapter 41. Sec. 121. Subtitle IV and chapter 49. Sec. 122. Chapter 51. Sec. 123. References. Sec. 124. Rule of construction. TITLE II—AUTHORIZATIONS Sec. 201. Amendments to title 14, United States Code, as amended by title I of this Act. Sec. 202. Authorizations of appropriations. Sec. 203. Authorized levels of military strength and training. Sec. 204. Authorization of amounts for Fast Response Cutters. Sec. 205. Authorization of amounts for shoreside infrastructure. Sec. 206. Authorization of amounts for air-craft improvements. TITLE III—COAST GUARD Sec. 301. Amendments to title 14, United States Code, as amended by title I of this Act. Sec. 302. Primary duties. Sec. 303. National Coast Guard Museum. Sec. 304. Unmanned aircraft. Sec. 305. Coast Guard health-care profes-sionals; licensure portability. Sec. 306. Training; emergency response pro-viders. Sec. 307. Incentive contracts for Coast Guard yard and industrial es-tablishments. Sec. 308. Confidential investigative ex-penses. Sec. 309. Regular captains; retirement. Sec. 310. Conversion, alteration, and repair projects. Sec. 311. Contracting for major acquisitions programs. Sec. 312. Officer promotion zones. Sec. 313. Cross reference. Sec. 314. Commissioned service retirement. Sec. 315. Leave for birth or adoption of child. Sec. 316. Clothing at time of discharge. Sec. 317. Unfunded priorities list. Sec. 318. Safety of vessels of the Armed Forces. Sec. 319. Air facilities. TITLE IV—PORTS AND WATERWAYS SAFETY Sec. 401. Codification of Ports and Water-ways Safety Act. Sec. 402. Conforming amendments. Sec. 403. Transitional and savings provi-sions. Sec. 404. Rule of construction. Sec. 405. Advisory committee: repeal. Sec. 406. Regattas and marine parades. Sec. 407. Regulation of vessels in territorial waters of United States. Sec. 408. Port, harbor, and coastal facility security. TITLE V—MARITIME TRANSPORTATION SAFETY Sec. 501. Consistency in marine inspections. Sec. 502. Uninspected passenger vessels in St. Louis County, Minnesota. Sec. 503. Engine cut-off switch require-ments. Sec. 504. Exception from survival craft re-quirements. Sec. 505. Safety standards. Sec. 506. Fishing safety grants. Sec. 507. Fishing, fish tender, and fish proc-essing vessel certification. Sec. 508. Deadline for compliance with alter-nate safety compliance pro-gram. Sec. 509. Termination of unsafe operations; technical correction. Sec. 510. Technical corrections: Licenses, certificates of registry, and merchant mariner documents. Sec. 511. Clarification of logbook entries. Sec. 512. Certificates of documentation for recreational vessels. Sec. 513. Numbering for undocumented barges. Sec. 514. Backup national timing system. Sec. 515. Scientific personnel. Sec. 516. Transparency. TITLE VI—ADVISORY COMMITTEES Sec. 601. National maritime transportation advisory committees. Sec. 602. Maritime Security Advisory Com-mittees. TITLE VII—FEDERAL MARITIME COMMISSION Sec. 701. Short title. Sec. 702. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 703. Reporting on impact of alliances on competition. Sec. 704. Definition of certain covered serv-ices. Sec. 705. Reports filed with the Commission. Sec. 706. Public participation. Sec. 707. Ocean transportation inter-mediaries. Sec. 708. Common carriers. Sec. 709. Negotiations. Sec. 710. Injunctive relief sought by the Commission. Sec. 711. Discussions. Sec. 712. Transparency. Sec. 713. Study of bankruptcy preparation and response. Sec. 714. Agreements unaffected. TITLE VIII—MISCELLANEOUS Sec. 801. Repeal of obsolete reporting re-quirement. Sec. 802. Corrections to provisions enacted by Coast Guard Authorization Acts. Sec. 803. Officer evaluation report. Sec. 804. Extension of authority. Sec. 805. Coast Guard ROTC program. Sec. 806. Currency detection canine team program. Sec. 807. Center of expertise for Great Lakes oil spill search and response. Sec. 808. Public safety answering points and maritime search and rescue co-ordination. Sec. 809. Ship shoal lighthouse transfer: re-peal. Sec. 810. Land exchange, Ayakulik Island, Alaska. Sec. 811. Use of Tract 43. Sec. 812. Coast Guard maritime domain awareness. 
Sec. 813. Monitoring. Sec. 814. Reimbursements for non-Federal construction costs of certain aids to navigation. Sec. 815. Towing safety management system fees. Sec. 816. Oil spill disbursements auditing and report. Sec. 817. Fleet requirements assessment and strategy. Sec. 818. National Security Cutter. Sec. 819. Acquisition plan for inland water-way and river tenders and bay- class icebreakers. Sec. 820. Great Lakes icebreaker acquisi-tion. Sec. 821. Polar icebreakers. Sec. 822. Strategic assets in the Arctic. Sec. 823. Arctic planning criteria. Sec. 824. Vessel response plan audit. Sec. 825. Waters deemed not navigable waters of the United States for certain purposes. Sec. 826. Documentation of recreational ves-sels. Sec. 827. Equipment requirements; exemp-tion from throwable personal flotation devices requirement. Sec. 828. Visual distress signals and alter-native use. Sec. 829. Radar refresher training. Sec. 830. Commercial fishing vessel safety national communications plan. Sec. 831. Atlantic Coast port access route study recommendations. Sec. 832. Drawbridges. Sec. 833. Waiver. Sec. 834. Fire-retardant materials. Sec. 835. Vessel waiver. Sec. 836. Temporary limitations. Sec. 837. Transfer of Coast Guard property in Jupiter Island, Florida, for inclusion in Hobe Sound Na-tional Wildlife Refuge. Sec. 838. Emergency response. Sec. 839. Drawbridges consultation. TITLE IX—VESSEL INCIDENTAL DISCHARGE ACT Sec. 901. Short title. Sec. 902. Purposes; findings. Sec. 903. Standards for discharges incidental to normal operation of vessels. TITLE X—HYDROGRAPHIC SERVICES AND OTHER MATTERS Sec. 1001. Reauthorization of Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998. Sec. 1002. System for tracking and reporting all-inclusive cost of hydro-graphic surveys. Sec. 1003. Homeport of certain research ves-sels. TITLE I—REORGANIZATION OF TITLE 14, UNITED STATES CODE SEC. 101. INITIAL MATTER. 
Title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the title designation, the title head-ing, and the table of parts at the beginning and inserting the following: ‘‘TITLE 14—COAST GUARD ‘‘Subtitle Sec.‘‘I. Establishment, Powers, Duties, and Administration......................101 ‘‘II. Personnel....................................1901 ‘‘III. Coast Guard Reserve and Auxil-iary.............................................. 3701 ‘‘IV. Coast Guard Authorizations and Reports to Congress.....................4901’’. 
SEC. 102. SUBTITLE I. 
Part I of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the part designation, the part heading, and the table of chapters at the beginning and inserting the following: ‘‘Subtitle I—Establishment, Powers, Duties, and Administration ‘‘Chap. Sec.‘‘1. Establishment and Duties............101 ‘‘3. Composition and Organization .....301 ‘‘5. Functions and Powers..................501 ‘‘7. Cooperation.................................701 ‘‘9. Administration.............................901 ‘‘11. Acquisitions................................1101’’. 
SEC. 103. CHAPTER 1. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 1 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 1—ESTABLISHMENT AND DUTIES ‘‘Sec. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6828 October 11, 2018 
‘‘101. Establishment of Coast Guard. ‘‘102. Primary duties. ‘‘103. Department in which the Coast Guard operates. ‘‘104. Removing restrictions. ‘‘105. Secretary defined. ‘‘106. Commandant defined.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 1 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
1 Establishment of Coast Guard 101 
2 Primary duties 102 
3 Department in which the Coast Guard operates 103 
652 Removing restric-tions 104 
4 Secretary defined 105 
5 Commandant de-fined 106 
SEC. 104. CHAPTER 3. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 3 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 3—COMPOSITION AND ORGANIZATION ‘‘Sec. ‘‘301. Grades and ratings. ‘‘302. Commandant; appointment. ‘‘303. Retirement of Commandant or Vice Commandant. ‘‘304. Vice Commandant; appointment. ‘‘305. Vice admirals. ‘‘306. Retirement. ‘‘307. Vice admirals and admiral, continuity of grade. ‘‘308. Chief Acquisition Officer. ‘‘309. Office of the Coast Guard Reserve; Di-rector. ‘‘310. Chief of Staff to President: appoint-ment. ‘‘311. Captains of the port. ‘‘312. Prevention and response workforces. ‘‘313. Centers of expertise for Coast Guard prevention and response. ‘‘314. Marine industry training program. ‘‘315. Training course on workings of Con-gress. ‘‘316. National Coast Guard Museum. ‘‘317. United States Coast Guard Band; com-position; director. ‘‘318. Environmental Compliance and Res-toration Program.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 3 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) TABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
41 Grades and ratings 301 
44 Commandant; ap-pointment 302 
46 Retirement of Com-mandant or Vice Commandant 303 
47 Vice Commandant; appointment 304 
50 Vice admirals 305 
51 Retirement 306 
52 Vice admirals and admiral, continuity of grade 307 
56 Chief Acquisition Officer 308 
53 Office of the Coast Guard Reserve; Di-rector 309 
54 Chief of Staff to President: appoint-ment 310 
57 Prevention and re-sponse workforces 312 
58 Centers of expertise for Coast Guard prevention and re-sponse 313 
59 Marine industry training program 314 
60 Training course on workings of Con-gress 315 
98 National Coast Guard Museum 316 
336 United States Coast Guard Band; composition; direc-tor 317 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 3 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (A) by inserting after section 310 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘§ 311. Captains of the port ‘‘Any officer, including any petty officer, may be designated by the Commandant as captain of the port or ports or adjacent high seas or waters over which the United States has jurisdiction, as the Commandant deems necessary to facilitate execution of Coast Guard duties.’’; and (B) by inserting after section 317 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘§ 318. Environmental Compliance and Res-toration Program ‘‘(a) DEFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) ‘environment’, ‘facility’, ‘person’, ‘re-lease’, ‘removal’, ‘remedial’, and ‘response’ have the same meaning they have in section 101 of the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601); ‘‘(2) ‘hazardous substance’ has the same meaning it has in section 101 of the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601), except that it also includes the meaning given ‘oil’ in section 311 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321); and ‘‘(3) ‘pollutant’ has the same meaning it has in section 502 of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1362). ‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) The Secretary shall carry out a pro-gram of environmental compliance and res-toration at current and former Coast Guard facilities. ‘‘(2) Program goals include: ‘‘(A) Identifying, investigating, and clean-ing up contamination from hazardous sub-stances and pollutants. ‘‘(B) Correcting other environmental dam-age that poses an imminent and substantial danger to the public health or welfare or to the environment. ‘‘(C) Demolishing and removing unsafe buildings and structures, including buildings and structures at former Coast Guard facili-ties. ‘‘(D) Preventing contamination from haz-ardous substances and pollutants at current Coast Guard facilities. ‘‘(3)(A) The Secretary shall respond to re-leases of hazardous substances and pollut-ants— ‘‘(i) at each Coast Guard facility the United States owns, leases, or otherwise pos-sesses; ‘‘(ii) at each Coast Guard facility the United States owned, leased, or otherwise possessed when the actions leading to con-tamination from hazardous substances or pollutants occurred; and ‘‘(iii) on each vessel the Coast Guard owns or operates. ‘‘(B) Subparagraph (A) of this paragraph does not apply to a removal or remedial ac-tion when a potentially responsible person responds under section 122 of the Comprehen-sive Environmental Response, Compensa-tion, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9622). ‘‘(C) The Secretary shall pay a fee or charge imposed by a State authority for per-mit services for disposing of hazardous sub-stances or pollutants from Coast Guard fa-cilities to the same extent that nongovern-mental entities are required to pay for per-mit services. This subparagraph does not apply to a payment that is the responsibility of a lessee, contractor, or other private per-son. ‘‘(4) The Secretary may agree with another Federal agency for that agency to assist in carrying out the Secretary’s responsibilities under this section. The Secretary may enter into contracts, cooperative agreements, and grant agreements with State and local gov-ernments to assist in carrying out the Sec-retary’s responsibilities under this section. Services that may be obtained under this paragraph include identifying, investigating, and cleaning up off-site contamination that may have resulted from the release of a haz-ardous substance or pollutant at a Coast Guard facility. ‘‘(5) Section 119 of the Comprehensive En-vironmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9619) applies to re-sponse action contractors that carry out re-sponse actions under this section. The Coast 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6829 October 11, 2018 
Guard shall indemnify response action con-tractors to the extent that adequate insur-ance is not generally available at a fair price at the time the contractor enters into the contract to cover the contractor’s reason-able, potential, long-term liability. ‘‘(c) A
MOUNTS RECOVERED FOR RESPONSE  A
CTIONS .— ‘‘(1) All sums appropriated to carry out the Coast Guard’s environmental compliance and restoration functions under this section or another law shall be credited or trans-ferred to an appropriate Coast Guard ac-count, as determined by the Commandant and remain available until expended. ‘‘(2) Funds may be obligated or expended from such account to carry out the Coast Guard’s environmental compliance and res-toration functions under this section or an-other law. ‘‘(3) In proposing the budget for any fiscal year under section 1105 of title 31, the Presi-dent shall set forth separately the amount requested for the Coast Guard’s environ-mental compliance and restoration activities under this section or another law. ‘‘(4) Amounts recovered under section 107 of the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9607) for the Secretary’s response ac-tions at current and former Coast Guard fa-cilities shall be credited to an appropriate Coast Guard account, as determined by the Commandant. ‘‘(d) A
NNUAL LIST OF PROJECTS TO CON-
GRESS .—The Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a prioritized list of projects eligible for envi-ronmental compliance and restoration fund-ing for each fiscal year concurrent with the President’s budget submission for that fiscal year.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING REPEALS .—Sections 634, 690, 691, 692, and 693 of title 14, United States Code, are repealed. 
SEC. 105. CHAPTER 5. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 5—FUNCTIONS AND POWERS ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —GENERAL POWERS  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘501. Secretary; general powers. ‘‘502. Delegation of powers by the Secretary. ‘‘503. Regulations. ‘‘504. Commandant; general powers. ‘‘505. Functions and powers vested in the Commandant. ‘‘506. Prospective payment of funds necessary to provide medical care. ‘‘507. Appointment of judges. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —LIFE SAVING AND LAW  
ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES  ‘‘521. Saving life and property. ‘‘522. Law enforcement. ‘‘523. Enforcement authority. ‘‘524. Enforcement of coastwise trade laws. ‘‘525. Special agents of the Coast Guard In-vestigative Service law enforce-ment authority. ‘‘526. Stopping vessels; indemnity for firing at or into vessel. ‘‘527. Safety of naval vessels. ‘‘528. Protecting against unmanned aircraft. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —AIDS TO NAVIGATION  ‘‘541. Aids to navigation authorized. ‘‘542. Unauthorized aids to maritime naviga-tion; penalty. ‘‘543. Interference with aids to navigation; penalty. ‘‘544. Aids to maritime navigation; penalty. ‘‘545. Marking of obstructions. ‘‘546. Deposit of damage payments. ‘‘547. Rewards for apprehension of persons interfering with aids to naviga-tion. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER IV —MISCELLANEOUS  ‘‘561. Icebreaking in polar regions. ‘‘562. Appeals and waivers. ‘‘563. Notification of certain determina-tions.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 5 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
92 Secretary; general powers 501 
631 Delegation of pow-ers by the Sec-retary 502 
633 Regulations 503 
93 Commandant; gen-eral powers 504 
632 Functions and pow-ers vested in the Commandant 505 
520 Prospective pay-ment of funds nec-essary to provide medical care 506 
153 Appointment of judges 507 
88 Saving life and property 521 
89 Law enforcement 522 
99 Enforcement au-thority 523 
100 Enforcement of coastwise trade laws 524 
95 Special agents of the Coast Guard In-vestigative Service law enforcement authority 525 
637 Stopping vessels; indemnity for fir-ing at or into vessel 526 
91 Safety of naval ves-sels 527 
104 Protecting against unmanned aircraft 528 
81 Aids to navigation authorized 541 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
83 Unauthorized aids to maritime navi-gation; penalty 542 
84 Interference with aids to navigation; penalty 543 
85 Aids to maritime navigation; penalty 544 
86 Marking of obstruc-tions 545 
642 Deposit of damage payments 546 
643 Rewards for appre-hension of persons interfering with aids to navigation 547 
87 Icebreaking in polar regions 561 
101 Appeals and waiv-ers 562 
103 Notification of cer-tain determina-tions 563 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 501 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—GENERAL POWERS’’; (2) by inserting before section 521 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—LIFE SAVING AND LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES’’; (3) by inserting before section 541 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—AIDS TO NAVIGATION’’; and (4) by inserting before section 561 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER IV—MISCELLANEOUS’’. 
SEC. 106. CHAPTER 7. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 7 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 7—COOPERATION ‘‘Sec. ‘‘701. Cooperation with other agencies, States, territories, and political subdivisions. ‘‘702. State Department. ‘‘703. Treasury Department. ‘‘704. Department of the Army and Depart-ment of the Air Force. ‘‘705. Navy Department. ‘‘706. United States Postal Service. ‘‘707. Department of Commerce. ‘‘708. Department of Health and Human Serv-ices. ‘‘709. Maritime instruction. ‘‘710. Assistance to foreign governments and maritime authorities. ‘‘711. Coast Guard officers as attache ´s to mis-sions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6830 October 11, 2018 
‘‘712. Contracts with Government-owned es-tablishments for work and ma-terial. ‘‘713. Nonappropriated fund instrumental-ities: contracts with other agencies and instrumentalities to provide or obtain goods and services. ‘‘714. Arctic maritime domain awareness. ‘‘715. Oceanographic research. ‘‘716. Arctic maritime transportation. ‘‘717. Agreements.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 7 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
141 Cooperation with other agencies, States, territories, and political sub-divisions 701 
142 State Department 702 
143 Treasury Depart-ment 703 
144 Department of the Army and Depart-ment of the Air Force 704 
145 Navy Department 705 
146 United States Post-al Service 706 
147 Department of Commerce 707 
147a Department of Health and Human Services 708 
148 Maritime instruc-tion 709 
149 Assistance to for-eign governments and maritime au-thorities 710 
150 Coast Guard offi-cers as attache´s to missions 711 
151 Contracts with Government-owned establishments for work and material 712 
152 Nonappropriated fund instrumental-ities: contracts with other agencies and instrumental-ities to provide or obtain goods and services 713 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
154 Arctic maritime domain awareness 714 
94 Oceanographic re-search 715 
90 Arctic maritime transportation 716 
102 Agreements 717 
SEC. 107. CHAPTER 9. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 9 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 9—ADMINISTRATION ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —REAL AND PERSONAL  
PROPERTY  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘901. Disposal of certain material. ‘‘902. Employment of draftsmen and engi-neers. ‘‘903. Use of certain appropriated funds. ‘‘904. Local hire. ‘‘905. Procurement authority for family housing. ‘‘906. Air Station Cape Cod Improvements. ‘‘907. Long-term lease of special purpose fa-cilities. ‘‘908. Long-term lease authority for light-house property. ‘‘909. Small boat station rescue capability. ‘‘910. Small boat station closures. ‘‘911. Search and rescue center standards. ‘‘912. Air facility closures. ‘‘913. Turnkey selection procedures. ‘‘914. Disposition of infrastructure related to E–LORAN. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —MISCELLANEOUS  ‘‘931. Oaths required for boards. ‘‘932. Administration of oaths. ‘‘933. Coast Guard ensigns and pennants. ‘‘934. Penalty for unauthorized use of words ‘Coast Guard’. ‘‘935. Coast Guard band recordings for com-mercial sale. ‘‘936. Confidentiality of medical quality as-surance records; qualified im-munity for participants. ‘‘937. Admiralty claims against the United States. ‘‘938. Claims for damage to property of the United States. ‘‘939. Accounting for industrial work. ‘‘940. Supplies and equipment from stock. ‘‘941. Coast Guard Supply Fund. ‘‘942. Public and commercial vessels and other watercraft; sale of fuel, supplies, and services. ‘‘943. Arms and ammunition; immunity from taxation. ‘‘944. Confidential investigative expenses. ‘‘945. Assistance to film producers. ‘‘946. User fees. ‘‘947. Vessel construction bonding require-ments. ‘‘948. Contracts for medical care for retirees, dependents, and survivors: al-ternative delivery of health care. ‘‘949. Telephone installation and charges. ‘‘950. Designation, powers, and account-ability of deputy disbursing of-ficials. ‘‘951. Aircraft accident investigations.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 9 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) TABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
641 Disposal of certain material 901 
653 Employment of draftsmen and engi-neers 902 
656 Use of certain ap-propriated funds 903 
666 Local hire 904 
670 Procurement au-thority for family housing 905 
671 Air Station Cape Cod Improvements 906 
672 Long-term lease of special purpose fa-cilities 907 
672a Long-term lease authority for light-house property 908 
674 Small boat station rescue capability 909 
675 Small boat station closures 910 
676 Search and rescue center standards 911 
676a Air facility clo-sures 912 
677 Turnkey selection procedures 913 
681 Disposition of in-frastructure related to E–LORAN 914 
635 Oaths required for boards 931 
636 Administration of oaths 932 
638 Coast Guard en-signs and pennants 933 
639 Penalty for unau-thorized use of words ‘‘Coast Guard’’ 934 
640 Coast Guard band recordings for com-mercial sale 935 
645 Confidentiality of medical quality as-surance records; qualified immunity for participants 936 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6831 October 11, 2018 
Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
646 Admiralty claims against the United States 937 
647 Claims for damage to property of the United States 938 
648 Accounting for in-dustrial work 939 
649 Supplies and equip-ment from stock 940 
650 Coast Guard Supply Fund 941 
654 Public and com-mercial vessels and other watercraft; sale of fuel, sup-plies, and services 942 
655 Arms and ammuni-tion; immunity from taxation 943 
658 Confidential inves-tigative expenses 944 
659 Assistance to film producers 945 
664 User fees 946 
667 Vessel construction bonding require-ments 947 
668 Contracts for med-ical care for retir-ees, dependents, and survivors: al-ternative delivery of health care 948 
669 Telephone installa-tion and charges 949 
673 Designation, pow-ers, and account-ability of deputy disbursing officials 950 
678 Aircraft accident investigations 951 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 9 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 901 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—REAL AND PERSONAL PROPERTY’’; and (2) by inserting before section 931 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—MISCELLANEOUS’’. 
SEC. 108. CHAPTER 11. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 11—ACQUISITIONS ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —GENERAL PROVISIONS  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘1101. Acquisition directorate. ‘‘1102. Improvements in Coast Guard acquisi-tion management. ‘‘1103. Role of Vice Commandant in major ac-quisition programs. ‘‘1104. Recognition of Coast Guard personnel for excellence in acquisition. ‘‘1105. Prohibition on use of lead systems in-tegrators. ‘‘1106. Required contract terms. ‘‘1107. Extension of major acquisition pro-gram contracts. ‘‘1108. Department of Defense consultation. ‘‘1109. Undefinitized contractual actions. ‘‘1110. Mission need statement. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II —IMPROVED ACQUISITION  
PROCESS AND PROCEDURES  ‘‘1131. Identification of major system acqui-sitions. ‘‘1132. Acquisition. ‘‘1133. Preliminary development and dem-onstration. ‘‘1134. Acquisition, production, deployment, and support. ‘‘1135. Acquisition program baseline breach. ‘‘1136. Acquisition approval authority. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —PROCUREMENT  ‘‘1151. Restriction on construction of vessels in foreign shipyards. ‘‘1152. Advance procurement funding. ‘‘1153. Prohibition on overhaul, repair, and maintenance of Coast Guard vessels in foreign shipyards. ‘‘1154. Procurement of buoy chain. ‘‘1155. Contract termination. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER IV —DEFINITIONS  ‘‘1171. Definitions.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 11 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
561 Acquisition direc-torate 1101 
562 Improvements in Coast Guard acqui-sition management 1102 
578 Role of Vice Com-mandant in major acquisition pro-grams 1103 
563 Recognition of Coast Guard per-sonnel for excel-lence in acquisition 1104 
564 Prohibition on use of lead systems in-tegrators 1105 
565 Required contract terms 1106 
579 Extension of major acquisition pro-gram contracts 1107 
566 Department of De-fense consultation 1108 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
567 Undefinitized con-tractual actions 1109 
569 Mission need state-ment 1110 
571 Identification of major system ac-quisitions 1131 
572 Acquisition 1132 
573 Preliminary devel-opment and dem-onstration 1133 
574 Acquisition, pro-duction, deploy-ment, and support 1134 
575 Acquisition pro-gram baseline breach 1135 
576 Acquisition ap-proval authority 1136 
665 Restriction on con-struction of vessels in foreign shipyards 1151 
577 Advance procure-ment funding 1152 
96 Prohibition on overhaul, repair, and maintenance of Coast Guard vessels in foreign shipyards 1153 
97 Procurement of buoy chain 1154 
657 Contract termi-nation 1155 
581 Definitions 1171 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by striking all subdivision designations and headings in such chapter, except for— (A) the chapter designation and heading added by subsection (a); (B) the subchapter designations and head-ings added by this subsection; and (C) any designation or heading of a section or a subdivision of a section; (2) by inserting before section 1101 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—GENERAL PROVISIONS’’; (3) by inserting before section 1131 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—IMPROVED ACQUISI-TION PROCESS AND PROCEDURES’’; (4) by inserting before section 1151 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—PROCUREMENT’’; and (5) by inserting before section 1171 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6832 October 11, 2018 
‘‘SUBCHAPTER IV—DEFINITIONS’’. 
SEC. 109. SUBTITLE II. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by inserting after chapter 11 (as amended by section 108) the following: ‘‘Subtitle II—Personnel ‘‘Chap. Sec.‘‘19. Coast Guard Academy................1901 ‘‘21. Personnel; Officers.....................2101 ‘‘23. Personnel; Enlisted....................2301 ‘‘25. Personnel; General Provisions ...2501 ‘‘27. Pay, Allowances, Awards, and Other Rights and Benefits...........2701 ‘‘29. Coast Guard Family Support, Child Care, and Housing..............2901’’. (b) R
ESERVED CHAPTER NUMBERS .— (1) C
HAPTER 13 .—Chapter 13 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning. (2) C
HAPTER 14 .—Chapter 14 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sec-tions at the beginning; and (B) by striking the subchapter designation and the subchapter heading for each of the subchapters of such chapter. (3) C
HAPTER 15 .—Chapter 15 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sec-tions at the beginning; and (B) by striking the subchapter designation and the subchapter heading for each of the subchapters of such chapter. (4) C
HAPTER 17 .—Chapter 17 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning. (5) C
HAPTER 18 .—Chapter 18 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning. 
SEC. 110. CHAPTER 19. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 19 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 19—COAST GUARD ACADEMY ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —ADMINISTRATION  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘1901. Administration of Academy. ‘‘1902. Policy on sexual harassment and sex-ual violence. ‘‘1903. Annual Board of Visitors. ‘‘1904. Participation in Federal, State, or other educational research grants. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —CADETS  ‘‘1921. Corps of Cadets authorized strength. ‘‘1922. Appointments. ‘‘1923. Admission of foreign nationals for in-struction; restrictions; condi-tions. ‘‘1924. Conduct. ‘‘1925. Agreement. ‘‘1926. Cadet applicants; preappointment travel to Academy. ‘‘1927. Cadets; initial clothing allowance. ‘‘1928. Cadets; degree of bachelor of science. ‘‘1929. Cadets; appointment as ensign. ‘‘1930. Cadets: charges and fees for attend-ance; limitation. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —FACULTY  ‘‘1941. Civilian teaching staff. ‘‘1942. Permanent commissioned teaching staff; composition. ‘‘1943. Appointment of permanent commis-sioned teaching staff. ‘‘1944. Grade of permanent commissioned teaching staff. ‘‘1945. Retirement of permanent commis-sioned teaching staff. ‘‘1946. Credit for service as member of civil-ian teaching staff. ‘‘1947. Assignment of personnel as instruc-tors. ‘‘1948. Marine safety curriculum.’’. (b) REDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 19 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
181 Administration of Academy 1901 
200 Policy on sexual harassment and sexual violence 1902 
194 Annual Board of Visitors 1903 
196 Participation in Federal, State, or other educational research grants 1904 
195 Admission of for-eign nationals for instruction; restric-tions; conditions 1923 
181a Cadet applicants; preappointment travel to Academy 1926 
183 Cadets; initial clothing allowance 1927 
184 Cadets; degree of bachelor of science 1928 
185 Cadets; appoint-ment as ensign 1929 
197 Cadets: charges and fees for attendance; limitation 1930 
186 Civilian teaching staff 1941 
187 Permanent com-missioned teaching staff; composition 1942 
188 Appointment of permanent commis-sioned teaching staff 1943 
189 Grade of permanent commissioned teaching staff 1944 
190 Retirement of per-manent commis-sioned teaching staff 1945 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
191 Credit for service as member of civil-ian teaching staff 1946 
192 Assignment of per-sonnel as instruc-tors 1947 
199 Marine safety cur-riculum 1948 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 19 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (A) by inserting before section 1901 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—ADMINISTRATION’’; (B) by inserting before section 1923 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—CADETS ‘‘§ 1921. Corps of Cadets authorized strength ‘‘The number of cadets appointed annually to the Academy shall be as determined by the Secretary but the number appointed in any one year shall not exceed six hundred. ‘‘§ 1922. Appointments ‘‘Appointments to cadetships shall be made under regulations prescribed by the Sec-retary, who shall determine age limits, methods of selection of applicants, term of service as a cadet before graduation, and all other matters affecting such appointments. In the administration of this section, the Secretary shall take such action as may be necessary and appropriate to insure that fe-male individuals shall be eligible for ap-pointment and admission to the Coast Guard Academy, and that the relevant standards required for appointment, admission, train-ing, graduation, and commissioning of fe-male individuals shall be the same as those required for male individuals, except for those minimum essential adjustments in such standards required because of physio-logical differences between male and female individuals.’’; (C) by inserting before section 1926 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘§ 1924. Conduct ‘‘The Secretary may summarily dismiss from the Coast Guard any cadet who, during his cadetship, is found unsatisfactory in ei-ther studies or conduct, or may be deemed not adapted for a career in the Coast Guard. Cadets shall be subject to rules governing discipline prescribed by the Commandant. ‘‘§ 1925. Agreement ‘‘(a) Each cadet shall sign an agreement with respect to the cadet’s length of service in the Coast Guard. The agreement shall pro-vide that the cadet agrees to the following: ‘‘(1) That the cadet will complete the course of instruction at the Coast Guard Academy. ‘‘(2) That upon graduation from the Coast Guard Academy the cadet— ‘‘(A) will accept an appointment, if ten-dered, as a commissioned officer of the Coast Guard; and ‘‘(B) will serve on active duty for at least five years immediately after such appoint-ment. ‘‘(3) That if an appointment described in paragraph (2) is not tendered or if the cadet is permitted to resign as a regular officer be-fore the completion of the commissioned service obligation of the cadet, the cadet— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6833 October 11, 2018 
‘‘(A) will accept an appointment as a com-missioned officer in the Coast Guard Re-serve; and ‘‘(B) will remain in that reserve component until completion of the commissioned serv-ice obligation of the cadet. ‘‘(b)(1) The Secretary may transfer to the Coast Guard Reserve, and may order to ac-tive duty for such period of time as the Sec-retary prescribes (but not to exceed four years), a cadet who breaches an agreement under subsection (a). The period of time for which a cadet is ordered to active duty under this paragraph may be determined without regard to section 651(a) of title 10. ‘‘(2) A cadet who is transferred to the Coast Guard Reserve under paragraph (1) shall be transferred in an appropriate enlisted grade or rating, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) For the purposes of paragraph (1), a cadet shall be considered to have breached an agreement under subsection (a) if the cadet is separated from the Coast Guard Academy under circumstances which the Secretary determines constitute a breach by the cadet of the cadet’s agreement to com-plete the course of instruction at the Coast Guard Academy and accept an appointment as a commissioned officer upon graduation from the Coast Guard Academy. ‘‘(c) The Secretary shall prescribe regula-tions to carry out this section. Those regula-tions shall include— ‘‘(1) standards for determining what con-stitutes, for the purpose of subsection (b), a breach of an agreement under subsection (a); ‘‘(2) procedures for determining whether such a breach has occurred; and ‘‘(3) standards for determining the period of time for which a person may be ordered to serve on active duty under subsection (b). ‘‘(d) In this section, ‘commissioned service obligation’, with respect to an officer who is a graduate of the Academy, means the period beginning on the date of the officer’s ap-pointment as a commissioned officer and ending on the sixth anniversary of such ap-pointment or, at the discretion of the Sec-retary, any later date up to the eighth anni-versary of such appointment. ‘‘(e)(1) This section does not apply to a cadet who is not a citizen or national of the United States. ‘‘(2) In the case of a cadet who is a minor and who has parents or a guardian, the cadet may sign the agreement required by sub-section (a) only with the consent of the par-ent or guardian. ‘‘(f) A cadet or former cadet who does not fulfill the terms of the obligation to serve as specified under section (a), or the alternative obligation imposed under subsection (b), shall be subject to the repayment provisions of section 303a(e) of title 37.’’; and (D) by inserting before section 1941 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—FACULTY’’. (2) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Section 182 of title 14, United States Code, is repealed. 
SEC. 111. PART II. 
Part II of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the part designation, the part heading, and the table of chapters at the beginning. 
SEC. 112. CHAPTER 21. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 21 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 21—PERSONNEL; OFFICERS ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —APPOINTMENT AND  
PROMOTION  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2101. Original appointment of permanent commissioned officers. ‘‘2102. Active duty promotion list. ‘‘2103. Number and distribution of commis-sioned officers on active duty promotion list. ‘‘2104. Appointment of temporary officers. ‘‘2105. Rank of warrant officers. ‘‘2106. Selection boards; convening of boards. ‘‘2107. Selection boards; composition of boards. ‘‘2108. Selection boards; notice of convening; communication with board. ‘‘2109. Selection boards; oath of members. ‘‘2110. Number of officers to be selected for promotion. ‘‘2111. Promotion zones. ‘‘2112. Promotion year; defined. ‘‘2113. Eligibility of officers for consideration for promotion. ‘‘2114. United States Deputy Marshals in Alaska. ‘‘2115. Selection boards; information to be furnished boards. ‘‘2116. Officers to be recommended for pro-motion. ‘‘2117. Selection boards; reports. ‘‘2118. Selection boards; submission of re-ports. ‘‘2119. Failure of selection for promotion. ‘‘2120. Special selection boards; correction of errors. ‘‘2121. Promotions; appointments. ‘‘2122. Removal of officer from list of select-ees for promotion. ‘‘2123. Promotions; acceptance; oath of office. ‘‘2124. Promotions; pay and allowances. ‘‘2125. Wartime temporary service pro-motions. ‘‘2126. Promotion of officers not included on active duty promotion list. ‘‘2127. Recall to active duty during war or na-tional emergency. ‘‘2128. Recall to active duty with consent of officer. ‘‘2129. Aviation cadets; appointment as Re-serve officers. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II —DISCHARGES ; RETIREMENTS ; 
REVOCATION OF COMMISSIONS ; SEPARATION  
FOR CAUSE  ‘‘2141. Revocation of commissions during first five years of commissioned service. ‘‘2142. Regular lieutenants (junior grade); separation for failure of selec-tion for promotion. ‘‘2143. Regular lieutenants; separation for failure of selection for pro-motion; continuation. ‘‘2144. Regular Coast Guard; officers serving under temporary appointments. ‘‘2145. Regular lieutenant commanders and commanders; retirement for failure of selection for pro-motion. ‘‘2146. Discharge in lieu of retirement; sepa-ration pay. ‘‘2147. Regular warrant officers: separation pay. ‘‘2148. Separation for failure of selection for promotion or continuation; time of. ‘‘2149. Regular captains; retirement. ‘‘2150. Captains; continuation on active duty; involuntary retirement. ‘‘2151. Rear admirals and rear admirals (lower half); continuation on active duty; involuntary retire-ment. ‘‘2152. Voluntary retirement after twenty years’ service. ‘‘2153. Voluntary retirement after thirty years’ service. ‘‘2154. Compulsory retirement. ‘‘2155. Retirement for physical disability after selection for promotion; grade in which retired. ‘‘2156. Deferment of retirement or separation for medical reasons. ‘‘2157. Flag officers. ‘‘2158. Review of records of officers. ‘‘2159. Boards of inquiry. ‘‘2160. Boards of review. ‘‘2161. Composition of boards. ‘‘2162. Rights and procedures. ‘‘2163. Removal of officer from active duty; action by Secretary. ‘‘2164. Officers considered for removal; retire-ment or discharge; separation benefits. ‘‘2165. Relief of retired officer promoted while on active duty. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III —GENERAL PROVISIONS  ‘‘2181. Physical fitness of officers. ‘‘2182. Multirater assessment of certain per-sonnel.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 21 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
211 Original appoint-ment of permanent commissioned offi-cers 2101 
41a Active duty pro-motion list 2102 
42 Number and dis-tribution of com-missioned officers on active duty pro-motion list 2103 
214 Appointment of temporary officers 2104 
215 Rank of warrant of-ficers 2105 
251 Selection boards; convening of boards 2106 
252 Selection boards; composition of boards 2107 
253 Selection boards; notice of con-vening; commu-nication with board 2108 
254 Selection boards; oath of members 2109 
255 Number of officers to be selected for promotion 2110 
256 Promotion zones 2111 
256a Promotion year; defined 2112 
257 Eligibility of offi-cers for consider-ation for promotion 2113 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6834 October 11, 2018 
Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
258 Selection boards; information to be furnished boards 2115 
259 Officers to be rec-ommended for pro-motion 2116 
260 Selection boards; reports 2117 
261 Selection boards; submission of re-ports 2118 
262 Failure of selection for promotion 2119 
263 Special selection boards; correction of errors 2120 
271 Promotions; ap-pointments 2121 
272 Removal of officer from list of select-ees for promotion 2122 
273 Promotions; ac-ceptance; oath of office 2123 
274 Promotions; pay and allowances 2124 
275 Wartime temporary service promotions 2125 
276 Promotion of offi-cers not included on active duty pro-motion list 2126 
331 Recall to active duty during war or national emergency 2127 
332 Recall to active duty with consent of officer 2128 
373 Aviation cadets; appointment as Re-serve officers 2129 
281 Revocation of com-missions during first five years of commissioned serv-ice 2141 
282 Regular lieutenants (junior grade); sep-aration for failure of selection for pro-motion 2142 
283 Regular lieuten-ants; separation for failure of selection for promotion; con-tinuation 2143 
284 Regular Coast Guard; officers serving under tem-porary appoint-ments 2144 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
285 Regular lieutenant commanders and commanders; re-tirement for failure of selection for pro-motion 2145 
286 Discharge in lieu of retirement; separa-tion pay 2146 
286a Regular warrant of-ficers: separation pay 2147 
287 Separation for fail-ure of selection for promotion or con-tinuation; time of 2148 
288 Regular captains; retirement 2149 
289 Captains; continu-ation on active duty; involuntary retirement 2150 
290 Rear admirals and rear admirals (lower half); con-tinuation on active duty; involuntary retirement 2151 
291 Voluntary retire-ment after twenty years’ service 2152 
292 Voluntary retire-ment after thirty years’ service 2153 
293 Compulsory retire-ment 2154 
294 Retirement for physical disability after selection for promotion; grade in which retired 2155 
295 Deferment of re-tirement or separa-tion for medical reasons 2156 
296 Flag officers 2157 
321 Review of records of officers 2158 
322 Boards of inquiry 2159 
323 Boards of review 2160 
324 Composition of boards 2161 
325 Rights and proce-dures 2162 
326 Removal of officer from active duty; action by Secretary 2163 
327 Officers considered for removal; retire-ment or discharge; separation benefits 2164 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
333 Relief of retired of-ficer promoted while on active duty 2165 
335 Physical fitness of officers 2181 
429 Multirater assess-ment of certain personnel 2182 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 21 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by striking all subchapter designations and headings in such chapter, except for the subchapter designations and headings added by this subsection; (2) by inserting before section 2101 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—APPOINTMENT AND PROMOTION’’; (3) by inserting before section 2115 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘§ 2114. United States Deputy Marshals in Alaska ‘‘Commissioned officers may be appointed as United States Deputy Marshals in Alas-ka.’’; (4) by inserting before section 2141 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—DISCHARGES; RETIRE-MENTS; REVOCATION OF COMMIS-SIONS; SEPARATION FOR CAUSE’’; and (5) by inserting before section 2181 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—GENERAL PROVISIONS’’. 
SEC. 113. CHAPTER 23. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 23 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 23—PERSONNEL; ENLISTED ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2301. Recruiting campaigns. ‘‘2302. Enlistments; term, grade. ‘‘2303. Promotion. ‘‘2304. Compulsory retirement at age of sixty-two. ‘‘2305. Voluntary retirement after thirty years’ service. ‘‘2306. Voluntary retirement after twenty years’ service. ‘‘2307. Retirement of enlisted members: in-crease in retired pay. ‘‘2308. Recall to active duty during war or na-tional emergency. ‘‘2309. Recall to active duty with consent of member. ‘‘2310. Relief of retired enlisted member pro-moted while on active duty. ‘‘2311. Retirement in cases where higher grade or rating has been held. ‘‘2312. Extension of enlistments. ‘‘2313. Retention beyond term of enlistment in case of disability. ‘‘2314. Detention beyond term of enlistment. ‘‘2315. Inclusion of certain conditions in en-listment contract. ‘‘2316. Discharge within three months before expiration of enlistment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6835 October 11, 2018 
‘‘2317. Aviation cadets; procurement; trans-fer. ‘‘2318. Aviation cadets; benefits. ‘‘2319. Critical skill training bonus.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 23 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
350 Recruiting cam-paigns 2301 
351 Enlistments; term, grade 2302 
352 Promotion 2303 
353 Compulsory retire-ment at age of sixty-two 2304 
354 Voluntary retire-ment after thirty years’ service 2305 
355 Voluntary retire-ment after twenty years’ service 2306 
357 Retirement of en-listed members: in-crease in retired pay 2307 
359 Recall to active duty during war or national emergency 2308 
360 Recall to active duty with consent of member 2309 
361 Relief of retired en-listed member pro-moted while on ac-tive duty 2310 
362 Retirement in cases where higher grade or rating has been held 2311 
365 Extension of enlist-ments 2312 
366 Retention beyond term of enlistment in case of disability 2313 
367 Detention beyond term of enlistment 2314 
369 Inclusion of certain conditions in en-listment contract 2315 
370 Discharge within three months be-fore expiration of enlistment 2316 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
371 Aviation cadets; procurement; transfer 2317 
372 Aviation cadets; benefits 2318 
374 Critical skill train-ing bonus 2319 
SEC. 114. CHAPTER 25. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 25 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 25—PERSONNEL; GENERAL PROVISIONS ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —GENERAL PROVISIONS  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2501. Grade on retirement. ‘‘2502. Retirement. ‘‘2503. Status of recalled personnel. ‘‘2504. Computation of retired pay. ‘‘2505. Limitations on retirement and retired pay. ‘‘2506. Suspension of payment of retired pay of members who are absent from the United States to avoid prosecution. ‘‘2507. Board for Correction of Military Records deadline. ‘‘2508. Emergency leave retention authority. ‘‘2509. Prohibition of certain involuntary ad-ministrative separations. ‘‘2510. Sea service letters. ‘‘2511. Investigations of flag officers and Sen-ior Executive Service employ-ees. ‘‘2512. Leave policies for the Coast Guard. ‘‘2513. Computation of length of service. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —LIGHTHOUSE SERVICE  ‘‘2531. Personnel of former Lighthouse Serv-ice.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 25 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
334 Grade on retire-ment 2501 
421 Retirement 2502 
422 Status of recalled personnel 2503 
423 Computation of re-tired pay 2504 
424 Limitations on re-tirement and re-tired pay 2505 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
424a Suspension of pay-ment of retired pay of members who are absent from the United States to avoid prosecution 2506 
425 Board for Correc-tion of Military Records deadline 2507 
426 Emergency leave retention authority 2508 
427 Prohibition of cer-tain involuntary administrative sep-arations 2509 
428 Sea service letters 2510 
430 Investigations of flag officers and Senior Executive Service employees 2511 
431 Leave policies for the Coast Guard 2512 
467 Computation of length of service 2513 
432 Personnel of former Lighthouse Service 2531 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 25 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 2501 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—GENERAL PROVISIONS’’; and (2) by inserting before section 2531 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—LIGHTHOUSE SERVICE’’. 
SEC. 115. PART III. 
Part III of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the part designation, the part heading, and the table of chapters at the beginning. 
SEC. 116. CHAPTER 27. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 27 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 27—PAY, ALLOWANCES, AWARDS, AND OTHER RIGHTS AND BEN-EFITS ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —PERSONNEL RIGHTS AND  
BENEFITS  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2701. Procurement of personnel. ‘‘2702. Training. ‘‘2703. Contingent expenses. ‘‘2704. Equipment to prevent accidents. ‘‘2705. Clothing at time of discharge for good of service. ‘‘2706. Right to wear uniform. ‘‘2707. Protection of uniform. ‘‘2708. Clothing for officers and enlisted per-sonnel. ‘‘2709. Procurement and sale of stores to members and civilian employ-ees. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6836 October 11, 2018 
‘‘2710. Disposition of effects of decedents. ‘‘2711. Deserters; payment of expenses inci-dent to apprehension and deliv-ery; penalties. ‘‘2712. Payment for the apprehension of stragglers. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —AWARDS  ‘‘2731. Delegation of powers to make awards; rules and regulations. ‘‘2732. Medal of honor. ‘‘2733. Medal of honor: duplicate medal. ‘‘2734. Medal of honor: presentation of Medal of Honor Flag. ‘‘2735. Coast Guard cross. ‘‘2736. Distinguished service medal. ‘‘2737. Silver star medal. ‘‘2738. Distinguished flying cross. ‘‘2739. Coast Guard medal. ‘‘2740. Insignia for additional awards. ‘‘2741. Time limit on award; report con-cerning deed. ‘‘2742. Honorable subsequent service as condi-tion to award. ‘‘2743. Posthumous awards. ‘‘2744. Life-saving medals. ‘‘2745. Replacement of medals. ‘‘2746. Award of other medals. ‘‘2747. Awards and insignia for excellence in service or conduct. ‘‘2748. Presentation of United States flag upon retirement. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —PAYMENTS  ‘‘2761. Persons discharged as result of court- martial; allowances to. ‘‘2762. Shore patrol duty; payment of ex-penses. ‘‘2763. Compensatory absence from duty for military personnel at isolated duty stations. ‘‘2764. Monetary allowance for transpor-tation of household effects. ‘‘2765. Retroactive payment of pay and allow-ances delayed by administra-tive error or oversight. ‘‘2766. Travel card management. ‘‘2767. Reimbursement for medical-related travel expenses for certain per-sons residing on islands in the continental United States. ‘‘2768. Annual audit of pay and allowances of members undergoing perma-nent change of station. ‘‘2769. Remission of indebtedness. ‘‘2770. Special instruction at universities. ‘‘2771. Attendance at professional meetings. ‘‘2772. Education loan repayment program. ‘‘2773. Rations or commutation therefor in money. ‘‘2774. Sales of ration supplies to messes. ‘‘2775. Flight rations. ‘‘2776. Payments at time of discharge for good of service. ‘‘2777. Clothing for destitute shipwrecked persons. ‘‘2778. Advancement of public funds to per-sonnel. ‘‘2779. Transportation to and from certain places of employment.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 27 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 468 Procurement of personnel 2701 
469 Training 2702 
476 Contingent ex-penses 2703 
477 Equipment to pre-vent accidents 2704 
482 Clothing at time of discharge for good of service 2705 
483 Right to wear uni-form 2706 
484 Protection of uni-form 2707 
485 Clothing for offi-cers and enlisted personnel 2708 
487 Procurement and sale of stores to members and civil-ian employees 2709 
507 Disposition of ef-fects of decedents 2710 
508 Deserters; payment of expenses inci-dent to apprehen-sion and delivery; penalties 2711 
644 Payment for the apprehension of stragglers 2712 
499 Delegation of pow-ers to make awards; rules and regulations 2731 
491 Medal of honor 2732 
504 Medal of honor: du-plicate medal 2733 
505 Medal of honor: presentation of Medal of Honor Flag 2734 
491a Coast Guard cross 2735 
492 Distinguished serv-ice medal 2736 
492a Silver star medal 2737 
492b Distinguished fly-ing cross 2738 
493 Coast Guard medal 2739 
494 Insignia for addi-tional awards 2740 
496 Time limit on award; report con-cerning deed 2741 
497 Honorable subse-quent service as condition to award 2742 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
498 Posthumous awards 2743 
500 Life-saving medals 2744 
501 Replacement of medals 2745 
502 Award of other medals 2746 
503 Awards and insig-nia for excellence in service or con-duct 2747 
516 Presentation of United States flag upon retirement 2748 
509 Persons discharged as result of court- martial; allowances to 2761 
510 Shore patrol duty; payment of ex-penses 2762 
511 Compensatory ab-sence from duty for military personnel at isolated duty stations 2763 
512 Monetary allow-ance for transpor-tation of household effects 2764 
513 Retroactive pay-ment of pay and al-lowances delayed by administrative error or oversight 2765 
517 Travel card man-agement 2766 
518 Reimbursement for medical-related travel expenses for certain persons re-siding on islands in the continental United States 2767 
519 Annual audit of pay and allowances of members under-going permanent change of station 2768 
461 Remission of in-debtedness 2769 
470 Special instruction at universities 2770 
471 Attendance at pro-fessional meetings 2771 
472 Education loan re-payment program 2772 
478 Rations or com-mutation therefor in money 2773 
479 Sales of ration sup-plies to messes 2774 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6837 October 11, 2018 
Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
480 Flight rations 2775 
481 Payments at time of discharge for good of service 2776 
486 Clothing for des-titute shipwrecked persons 2777 
488 Advancement of public funds to per-sonnel 2778 
660 Transportation to and from certain places of employ-ment 2779 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 27 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 2701 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—PERSONNEL RIGHTS AND BENEFITS’’; (2) by inserting before section 2731 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—AWARDS’’; and (3) by inserting before section 2761 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—PAYMENTS’’. 
SEC. 117. CHAPTER 29. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 29 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 29—COAST GUARD FAMILY SUPPORT, CHILD CARE, AND HOUSING ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —COAST GUARD FAMILIES  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2901. Work-life policies and programs. ‘‘2902. Surveys of Coast Guard families. ‘‘2903. Reimbursement for adoption expenses. ‘‘2904. Education and training opportunities for Coast Guard spouses. ‘‘2905. Youth sponsorship initiatives. ‘‘2906. Dependent school children. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —COAST GUARD CHILD CARE  ‘‘2921. Definitions. ‘‘2922. Child development services. ‘‘2923. Child development center standards and inspections. ‘‘2924. Child development center employees. ‘‘2925. Parent partnerships with child devel-opment centers. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —HOUSING  ‘‘2941. Definitions. ‘‘2942. General authority. ‘‘2943. Leasing and hiring of quarters; rental of inadequate housing. ‘‘2944. Retired service members and depend-ents serving on advisory com-mittees. ‘‘2945. Conveyance of real property. ‘‘2946. Coast Guard Housing Fund. ‘‘2947. Reports.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 29 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) TABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
531 Work-life policies and programs 2901 
532 Surveys of Coast Guard families 2902 
541 Reimbursement for adoption expenses 2903 
542 Education and training opportuni-ties for Coast Guard spouses 2904 
543 Youth sponsorship initiatives 2905 
544 Dependent school children 2906 
551 Definitions 2921 
552 Child development services 2922 
553 Child development center standards and inspections 2923 
554 Child development center employees 2924 
555 Parent partner-ships with child de-velopment centers 2925 
680 Definitions 2941 
681 General authority 2942 
475 Leasing and hiring of quarters; rental of inadequate hous-ing 2943 
680 Retired service members and de-pendents serving on advisory commit-tees 2944 
685 Conveyance of real property 2945 
687 Coast Guard Hous-ing Fund 2946 
688 Reports 2947 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 29 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 2901 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—COAST GUARD FAMILIES’’; (2) by inserting before section 2921 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—COAST GUARD CHILD CARE’’; and (3) by inserting before section 2941 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—HOUSING’’. SEC. 118. SUBTITLE III AND CHAPTER 37. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by adding after chapter 29 (as amended by section 117) the following: ‘‘Subtitle III—Coast Guard Reserve and Auxiliary ‘‘Chap. Sec. ‘‘37. Coast Guard Reserve..................3701 ‘‘39. Coast Guard Auxiliary................3901 ‘‘41. General Provisions for Coast Guard Reserve and Auxiliary.......4101 ‘‘CHAPTER 1—COAST GUARD RESERVE ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —ADMINISTRATION  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘3701. Organization. ‘‘3702. Authorized strength. ‘‘3703. Coast Guard Reserve Boards. ‘‘3704. Grades and ratings; military author-ity. ‘‘3705. Benefits. ‘‘3706. Temporary members of the Reserve; eligibility and compensation. ‘‘3707. Temporary members of the Reserve; disability or death benefits. ‘‘3708. Temporary members of the Reserve; certificate of honorable service. ‘‘3709. Reserve student aviation pilots; Re-serve aviation pilots; appoint-ments in commissioned grade. ‘‘3710. Reserve student pre-commissioning as-sistance program. ‘‘3711. Appointment or wartime promotion; retention of grade upon release from active duty. ‘‘3712. Exclusiveness of service. ‘‘3713. Active duty for emergency augmenta-tion of regular forces. ‘‘3714. Enlistment of members engaged in schooling. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —PERSONNEL  ‘‘3731. Definitions. ‘‘3732. Applicability of this subchapter. ‘‘3733. Suspension of this subchapter in time of war or national emergency. ‘‘3734. Effect of this subchapter on retire-ment and retired pay. ‘‘3735. Authorized number of officers. ‘‘3736. Precedence. ‘‘3737. Running mates. ‘‘3738. Constructive credit upon initial ap-pointment. ‘‘3739. Promotion of Reserve officers on ac-tive duty. ‘‘3740. Promotion; recommendations of selec-tion boards. ‘‘3741. Selection boards; appointment. ‘‘3742. Establishment of promotion zones under running mate system. ‘‘3743. Eligibility for promotion. ‘‘3744. Recommendation for promotion of an officer previously removed from an active status. ‘‘3745. Qualifications for promotion. ‘‘3746. Promotion; acceptance; oath of office. ‘‘3747. Date of rank upon promotion; entitle-ment to pay. ‘‘3748. Type of promotion; temporary. ‘‘3749. Effect of removal by the President or failure of consent of the Senate. ‘‘3750. Failure of selection for promotion. ‘‘3751. Failure of selection and removal from an active status. ‘‘3752. Retention boards; removal from an ac-tive status to provide a flow of promotion. ‘‘3753. Maximum ages for retention in an ac-tive status. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6838 October 11, 2018 
‘‘3754. Rear admiral and rear admiral (lower half); maximum service in grade. ‘‘3755. Appointment of a former Navy or Coast Guard officer. ‘‘3756. Grade on entry upon active duty. ‘‘3757. Recall of a retired officer; grade upon release.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 37 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
701 Organization 3701 
702 Authorized strength 3702 
703 Coast Guard Re-serve Boards 3703 
704 Grades and ratings; military authority 3704 
705 Benefits 3705 
706 Temporary mem-bers of the Reserve; eligibility and com-pensation 3706 
707 Temporary mem-bers of the Reserve; disability or death benefits 3707 
708 Temporary mem-bers of the Reserve; certificate of hon-orable service 3708 
709 Reserve student aviation pilots; Re-serve aviation pi-lots; appointments in commissioned grade 3709 
709a Reserve student pre-commissioning assistance program 3710 
710 Appointment or wartime pro-motion; retention of grade upon re-lease from active duty 3711 
711 Exclusiveness of service 3712 
712 Active duty for emergency aug-mentation of reg-ular forces 3713 
713 Enlistment of members engaged in schooling 3714 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
720 Definitions 3731 
721 Applicability of this subchapter 3732 
722 Suspension of this subchapter in time of war or national emergency 3733 
723 Effect of this sub-chapter on retire-ment and retired pay 3734 
724 Authorized number of officers 3735 
725 Precedence 3736 
726 Running mates 3737 
727 Constructive credit upon initial ap-pointment 3738 
728 Promotion of Re-serve officers on ac-tive duty 3739 
729 Promotion; rec-ommendations of selection boards 3740 
730 Selection boards; appointment 3741 
731 Establishment of promotion zones under running mate system 3742 
732 Eligibility for pro-motion 3743 
733 Recommendation for promotion of an officer previously removed from an active status 3744 
734 Qualifications for promotion 3745 
735 Promotion; accept-ance; oath of office 3746 
736 Date of rank upon promotion; entitle-ment to pay 3747 
737 Type of promotion; temporary 3748 
738 Effect of removal by the President or failure of consent of the Senate 3749 
739 Failure of selection for promotion 3750 
740 Failure of selection and removal from an active status 3751 
741 Retention boards; removal from an active status to provide a flow of promotion 3752 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
742 Maximum ages for retention in an ac-tive status 3753 
743 Rear admiral and rear admiral (lower half); maximum service in grade 3754 
744 Appointment of a former Navy or Coast Guard officer 3755 
745 Grade on entry upon active duty 3756 
746 Recall of a retired officer; grade upon release 3757 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 37 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 3701 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—ADMINISTRATION’’; and (2) by inserting before section 3731 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—PERSONNEL’’. 
SEC. 119. CHAPTER 39. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by adding after chapter 37 (as added by section 118) the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 39—COAST GUARD AUXILIARY ‘‘Sec. ‘‘3901. Administration of the Coast Guard Auxiliary. ‘‘3902. Purpose of the Coast Guard Auxiliary. ‘‘3903. Eligibility; enrollments. ‘‘3904. Members of the Auxiliary; status. ‘‘3905. Disenrollment. ‘‘3906. Membership in other organizations. ‘‘3907. Use of member’s facilities. ‘‘3908. Vessel deemed public vessel. ‘‘3909. Aircraft deemed public aircraft. ‘‘3910. Radio station deemed government sta-tion. ‘‘3911. Availability of appropriations. ‘‘3912. Assignment and performance of duties. ‘‘3913. Injury or death in line of duty.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 39 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
821 Administration of the Coast Guard Auxiliary 3901 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6839 October 11, 2018 
Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
822 Purpose of the Coast Guard Auxil-iary 3902 
823 Eligibility; enroll-ments 3903 
823a Members of the Auxiliary; status 3904 
824 Disenrollment 3905 
825 Membership in other organizations 3906 
826 Use of member’s fa-cilities 3907 
827 Vessel deemed pub-lic vessel 3908 
828 Aircraft deemed public aircraft 3909 
829 Radio station deemed govern-ment station 3910 
830 Availability of ap-propriations 3911 
831 Assignment and performance of du-ties 3912 
832 Injury or death in line of duty 3913 
SEC. 120. CHAPTER 41. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by adding after chapter 39 (as added by section 119) the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 41—GENERAL PROVISIONS FOR COAST GUARD RESERVE AND AUXILIARY ‘‘Sec. ‘‘4101. Flags; pennants; uniforms and insig-nia. ‘‘4102. Penalty. ‘‘4103. Limitation on rights of members of the Auxiliary and temporary members of the Reserve. ‘‘4104. Availability of facilities and appro-priations.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 41 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
891 Flags; pennants; uniforms and insig-nia 4101 
892 Penalty 4102 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
893 Limitation on rights of members of the Auxiliary and temporary members of the Re-serve 4103 
894 Availability of fa-cilities and appro-priations 4104 
SEC. 121. SUBTITLE IV AND CHAPTER 49. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by adding after chapter 41 (as added by section 120) the following: ‘‘Subtitle IV—Coast Guard Authorizations and Reports to Congress ‘‘Chap. Sec. ‘‘49. Authorizations............................4901 ‘‘51. Reports.......................................5101 ‘‘CHAPTER 49—AUTHORIZATIONS ‘‘Sec. ‘‘4901. Requirement for prior authorization of appropriations. ‘‘4902. Authorization of appropriations. ‘‘4903. Authorization of personnel end strengths. ‘‘4904. Authorized levels of military strength and training.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 49 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
2701 Requirement for prior authorization of appropriations 4901 
2702 Authorization of appropriations 4902 
2703 Authorization of personnel end strengths 4903 
2704 Authorized levels of military strength and training 4904 
SEC. 122. CHAPTER 51. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by adding after chapter 49 (as added by section 121) the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 51—REPORTS ‘‘Sec. ‘‘5101. Transmission of annual Coast Guard authorization request. ‘‘5102. Capital investment plan. ‘‘5103. Major acquisitions. ‘‘5104. Manpower requirements plan. ‘‘5105. Inventory of real property. ‘‘5106. Annual performance report. ‘‘5107. Major acquisition risk assessment.’’. (b) REDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 51 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
2901 Transmission of an-nual Coast Guard authorization re-quest 5101 
2902 Capital investment plan 5102 
2903 Major acquisitions 5103 
2904 Manpower require-ments plan 5104 
679 Inventory of real property 5105 
2905 Annual perform-ance report 5106 
2906 Major acquisition risk assessment 5107 
SEC. 123. REFERENCES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: (1) R
EDESIGNATED SECTION .—The term ‘‘re-designated section’’ means a section of title 14, United States Code, that is redesignated by this title, as that section is so redesig-nated. (2) S
OURCE SECTION .—The term ‘‘source sec-tion’’ means a section of title 14, United States Code, that is redesignated by this title, as that section was in effect before the redesignation. (b) R
EFERENCE TO SOURCE SECTION .— (1) T
REATMENT OF REFERENCE .—A reference to a source section, including a reference in a regulation, order, or other law, is deemed to refer to the corresponding redesignated section. (2) T
ITLE 14 .—In title 14, United States Code, each reference in the text of such title to a source section is amended by striking such reference and inserting a reference to the appropriate, as determined using the ta-bles located in this title, redesignated sec-tion. (c) O
THER CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) R
EFERENCE TO SECTION 182 .—Section 1923(c) of title 14, United States Code, as so redesignated by this title, is further amend-ed by striking ‘‘section 182’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1922’’. (2) R
EFERENCES TO CHAPTER 11 .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (A) in section 2146(d), as so redesignated by this title, by striking ‘‘chapter 11 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘this chapter’’; and (B) in section 3739, as so redesignated by this title, by striking ‘‘chapter 11’’ each place that it appears and inserting ‘‘chapter 21’’. (3) R
EFERENCE TO CHAPTER 13 .—Section 3705(b) of title 14, United States Code, as so 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6840 October 11, 2018 
redesignated by this title, is further amend-ed by striking ‘‘chapter 13’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 27’’. (4) R
EFERENCE TO CHAPTER 15 .—Section 308(b)(3) of title 14, United States Code, as so redesignated by this title, is further amend-ed by striking ‘‘chapter 15’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 11’’. (5) R
EFERENCES TO CHAPTER 19 .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (A) in section 4901(4), as so redesignated by this title, by striking ‘‘chapter 19’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 318’’; and (B) in section 4902(4), as so redesignated by this title, by striking ‘‘chapter 19’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 318’’. (6) R
EFERENCE TO CHAPTER 23 .—Section 701(a) of title 14, United States Code, as so redesignated by this title, is further amend-ed by striking ‘‘chapter 23’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 39’’. 
SEC. 124. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
This title, including the amendments made by this title, is intended only to reorganize title 14, United States Code, and may not be construed to alter— (1) the effect of a provision of title 14, United States Code, including any authority or requirement therein; (2) a department or agency interpretation with respect to title 14, United States Code; or (3) a judicial interpretation with respect to title 14, United States Code. TITLE II—AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 201. AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 14, UNITED STATES CODE, AS AMENDED BY TITLE I OF THIS ACT. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this title an amendment or re-peal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or a repeal of, a section or other provi-sion of title 14, United States Code, the ref-erence shall be considered to be made to title 14, United States Code, as amended by title I of this Act. 
SEC. 202. AUTHORIZATIONS OF APPROPRIA-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 4902. Authorizations of appropriations ‘‘(a) F
ISCAL YEAR2018.—Funds are author-ized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2018 for necessary expenses of the Coast Guard as fol-lows: ‘‘(1) For the operation and maintenance of the Coast Guard, not otherwise provided for, $7,210,313,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(2) For the acquisition, construction, ren-ovation, and improvement of aids to naviga-tion, shore facilities, vessels, aircraft, and systems, including equipment related there-to, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equip-ment, $2,694,745,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(3) For the Coast Guard Reserve program, including operations and maintenance of the program, personnel and training costs, equipment, and services, $114,875,000 for fis-cal year 2018. ‘‘(4) For the environmental compliance and restoration functions of the Coast Guard under chapter 3 of this title, $13,397,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(5) To the Commandant for research, de-velopment, test, and evaluation of tech-nologies, materials, and human factors di-rectly related to improving the performance of the Coast Guard’s mission with respect to search and rescue, aids to navigation, marine safety, marine environmental protection, en-forcement of laws and treaties, ice oper-ations, oceanographic research, and defense readiness, and for maintenance, rehabilita-tion, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $29,141,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(b) FISCAL YEAR2019.—Funds are author-ized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for necessary expenses of the Coast Guard as fol-lows: ‘‘(1)(A) For the operation and maintenance of the Coast Guard, not otherwise provided for, $7,914,195,000 for fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(B) Of the amount authorized under sub-paragraph (A)— ‘‘(i) $16,701,000 shall be for environmental compliance and restoration; and ‘‘(ii) $199,360,000 shall be for the Coast Guard’s Medicare-eligible retiree health care fund contribution to the Department of De-fense. ‘‘(2) For the procurement, construction, renovation, and improvement of aids to navi-gation, shore facilities, vessels, aircraft, and systems, including equipment related there-to, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equip-ment, $2,694,745,000 for fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(3) To the Commandant for research, de-velopment, test, and evaluation of tech-nologies, materials, and human factors di-rectly related to improving the performance of the Coast Guard’s mission with respect to search and rescue, aids to navigation, marine safety, marine environmental protection, en-forcement of laws and treaties, ice oper-ations, oceanographic research, and defense readiness, and for maintenance, rehabilita-tion, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $29,141,000 for fiscal year 2019.’’. (b) R
EPEAL .—On October 1, 2018— (1) section 4902(a) of title 14, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), shall be repealed; and (2) subsection 4902(b) of title 14, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), shall be amended by striking ‘‘(b) F
ISCAL  Y
EAR2019.—’’. 
SEC. 203. AUTHORIZED LEVELS OF MILITARY STRENGTH AND TRAINING. 
Section 4904 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘for fiscal year 2018 and 44,500 for fiscal year 2019’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2016 and 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2018 and 2019’’. 
SEC. 204. AUTHORIZATION OF AMOUNTS FOR FAST RESPONSE CUTTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Of the amounts author-ized under section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019 up to $167,500,000 is authorized for the acquisition of 3 Fast Response Cutters. (b) T
REATMENT OF ACQUIRED CUTTERS .— Any cutters acquired pursuant to subsection (a) shall be in addition to the 58 cutters ap-proved under the existing acquisition base-line. 
SEC. 205. AUTHORIZATION OF AMOUNTS FOR SHORESIDE INFRASTRUCTURE. 
Of the amounts authorized under section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019 up to $167,500,000 is authorized for the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating to fund the ac-quisition, construction, rebuilding, or im-provement of Coast Guard shoreside infra-structure and facilities necessary to support Coast Guard operations and readiness. 
SEC. 206. AUTHORIZATION OF AMOUNTS FOR AIR-CRAFT IMPROVEMENTS. 
Of the amounts authorized under section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019 up to $3,500,000 is authorized for the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating to fund anal-ysis and program development for improve-ments to or the replacement of rotary-wing aircraft. TITLE III—COAST GUARD SEC. 301. AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 14, UNITED STATES CODE, AS AMENDED BY TITLE I OF THIS ACT. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this title an amendment or re-peal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or a repeal of, a section or other provi-sion of title 14, United States Code, the ref-erence shall be considered to be made to title 14, United States Code, as amended by title I of this Act. 
SEC. 302. PRIMARY DUTIES. 
Section 102(7) of title 14, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(7) maintain a state of readiness to assist in the defense of the United States, including when functioning as a specialized service in the Navy pursuant to section 103.’’. 
SEC. 303. NATIONAL COAST GUARD MUSEUM. 
Section 316 of title 14, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 316. National Coast Guard Museum ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Commandant may establish a National Coast Guard Mu-seum, on lands which will be federally owned and administered by the Coast Guard, and are located in New London, Connecticut, at, or in close proximity to, the Coast Guard Academy. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON EXPENDITURES .— ‘‘(1) The Secretary shall not expend any funds appropriated to the Coast Guard on the construction of any museum established under this section. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall fund the National Coast Guard Museum with nonappropriated and non-Federal funds to the maximum ex-tent practicable. The priority use of Federal funds should be to preserve and protect his-toric Coast Guard artifacts, including the de-sign, fabrication, and installation of exhibits or displays in which such artifacts are in-cluded. ‘‘(3) The Secretary may expend funds ap-propriated to the Coast Guard on the engi-neering and design of a National Coast Guard Museum. ‘‘(c) F
UNDING PLAN.—Before the date on which the Commandant establishes a Na-tional Coast Guard Museum under sub-section (a), the Commandant shall provide to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a plan for constructing, operating, and maintaining such a museum, including— ‘‘(1) estimated planning, engineering, de-sign, construction, operation, and mainte-nance costs; ‘‘(2) the extent to which appropriated, non-appropriated, and non-Federal funds will be used for such purposes, including the extent to which there is any shortfall in funding for engineering, design, or construction; and ‘‘(3) a certification by the Inspector Gen-eral of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating that the estimates pro-vided pursuant to paragraphs (1) and (2) are reasonable and realistic. ‘‘(d) A
UTHORITY .—The Commandant may not establish a National Coast Guard mu-seum except as set forth in this section.’’. 
SEC. 304. UNMANNED AIRCRAFT. 
(a) L AND-BASED UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYS-
TEM PROGRAM .—Chapter 3 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 319. Land-based unmanned aircraft system program ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, the Secretary shall establish a land-based unmanned aircraft 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6841 October 11, 2018 
system program under the control of the Commandant. ‘‘(b) U
NMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘unmanned aircraft system’ has the meaning given that term in section 331 of the FAA Moderniza-tion and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note).’’. (b) L
IMITATION ON UNMANNED AIRCRAFT  S
YSTEMS .—Chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1155 the following: ‘‘§ 1156. Limitation on unmanned aircraft sys-tems ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—During any fiscal year for which funds are appropriated for the de-sign or construction of an Offshore Patrol Cutter, the Commandant— ‘‘(1) may not award a contract for design of an unmanned aircraft system for use by the Coast Guard; and ‘‘(2) may lease, acquire, or acquire the services of an unmanned aircraft system only if such system— ‘‘(A) has been part of a program of record of, procured by, or used by a Federal entity (or funds for research, development, test, and evaluation have been received from a Fed-eral entity with regard to such system) be-fore the date on which the Commandant leases, acquires, or acquires the services of the system; and ‘‘(B) is leased, acquired, or utilized by the Commandant through an agreement with a Federal entity, unless such an agreement is not practicable or would be less cost-effec-tive than an independent contract action by the Coast Guard. ‘‘(b) S
MALL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT EXEMP -
TION.—Subsection (a)(2) does not apply to small unmanned aircraft. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘small unmanned aircraft’ and ‘un-manned aircraft system’ have the meanings given those terms in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note).’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) C
HAPTER 3 .—The analysis for chapter 3 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘319. Land-based unmanned aircraft system program.’’. (2) C
HAPTER 11 .—The analysis for chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1155 the following: ‘‘1156. Limitation on unmanned aircraft sys-tems.’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (c) of section 1105 of title 14, United States Code, is repealed. 
SEC. 305. COAST GUARD HEALTH-CARE PROFES-SIONALS; LICENSURE PORTABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 507 the following: ‘‘§ 508. Coast Guard health-care professionals; licensure portability ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law regarding the licen-sure of health-care providers, a health-care professional described in subsection (b) may practice the health profession or professions of the health-care professional at any loca-tion in any State, the District of Columbia, or a Commonwealth, territory, or possession of the United States, regardless of where such health-care professional or the patient is located, if the practice is within the scope of the authorized Federal duties of such health-care professional. ‘‘(b) D
ESCRIBED INDIVIDUALS .—A health- care professional described in this subsection is an individual— ‘‘(1) who is— ‘‘(A) a member of the Coast Guard; ‘‘(B) a civilian employee of the Coast Guard; ‘‘(C) a member of the Public Health Serv-ice who is assigned to the Coast Guard; or ‘‘(D) any other health-care professional credentialed and privileged at a Federal health-care institution or location specially designated by the Secretary; and ‘‘(2) who— ‘‘(A) has a current license to practice medi-cine, osteopathic medicine, dentistry, or an-other health profession; and ‘‘(B) is performing authorized duties for the Coast Guard. ‘‘(c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘license’ and ‘health-care professional’ have the meanings given those terms in sec-tion 1094(e) of title 10.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 507 the following: ‘‘508. Coast Guard health-care professionals; licensure portability.’’. (c) E
LECTRONIC HEALTH RECORDS .— (1) S
YSTEM .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard is authorized to procure for the Coast Guard an electronic health record sys-tem that— (A) has been competitively awarded by the Department of Defense; and (B) ensures full integration with the De-partment of Defense electronic health record systems. (2) S
UPPORT SERVICES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commandant is au-thorized to procure support services for the electronic health record system procured under paragraph (1) necessary to ensure full integration with the Department of Defense electronic health record systems. (B) S
COPE.—Support services procured pur-suant to this paragraph may include services for the following: (i) System integration support. (ii) Hosting support. (iii) Training, testing, technical, and data migration support. (iv) Hardware support. (v) Any other support the Commandant considers appropriate. (3) A
UTHORIZED PROCUREMENT ACTIONS .— The Commandant is authorized to procure an electronic health record system under this subsection through the following: (A) A task order under the Department of Defense electronic health record contract. (B) A sole source contract award. (C) An agreement made pursuant to sec-tions 1535 and 1536 of title 31, United States Code. (D) A contract or other procurement vehi-cle otherwise authorized. (4) C
OMPETITION IN CONTRACTING ; EXEMP -
TION.—Procurement of an electronic health record system and support services pursuant to this subsection shall be exempt from the competition requirements of section 2304 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 306. TRAINING; EMERGENCY RESPONSE PROVIDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 718. Training; emergency response pro-viders ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Commandant may, on a reimbursable or a non-reimbursable basis, make a training available to emer-gency response providers whenever the Com-mandant determines that— ‘‘(1) a member of the Coast Guard, who is scheduled to participate in such training, is unable or unavailable to participate in such training; ‘‘(2) no other member of the Coast Guard, who is assigned to the unit to which the member of the Coast Guard who is unable or unavailable to participate in such training is assigned, is able or available to participate in such training; and ‘‘(3) such training, if made available to such emergency response providers, would further the goal of interoperability among Federal agencies, non-Federal governmental agencies, or both. ‘‘(b) EMERGENCY RESPONSE PROVIDERS DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘emergency response providers’ has the meaning given that term in section 2 of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101). ‘‘(c) T
REATMENT OF REIMBURSEMENT .—Any reimbursements for a training that the Coast Guard receives under this section shall be credited to the appropriation used to pay the costs for such training. ‘‘(d) S
TATUS ; LIMITATION ON LIABILITY .— ‘‘(1) S
TATUS .—Any individual to whom, as an emergency response provider, training is made available under this section, who is not otherwise a Federal employee, shall not, be-cause of that training, be considered a Fed-eral employee for any purpose (including the purposes of chapter 81 of title 5 (relating to compensation for injury) and sections 2671 through 2680 of title 28 (relating to tort claims)). ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON LIABILITY .—The United States shall not be liable for actions taken by an individual in the course of training made available under this section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 7 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘718. Training; emergency response pro-viders.’’. 
SEC. 307. INCENTIVE CONTRACTS FOR COAST GUARD YARD AND INDUSTRIAL ES-TABLISHMENTS. 
Section 939 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting before ‘‘The Secretary may’’ the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’; (2) in subsection (a), as so designated by paragraph (1) of this section, by striking the period at the end of the last sentence and in-serting ‘‘or in accordance with subsection (b).’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) I
NCENTIVE CONTRACTS .— ‘‘(1) The parties to an order for industrial work to be performed by the Coast Guard Yard or a Coast Guard industrial establish-ment designated under subsection (a) may enter into an order or a cost-plus-incentive- fee order in accordance with this subsection. ‘‘(2) If such parties enter into such an order or a cost-plus-incentive-fee order, an agreed- upon amount of any adjustment described in subsection (a) may be distributed as an in-centive to the wage-grade industrial employ-ees who complete the order. ‘‘(3) Before entering into such an order or cost-plus-incentive-fee order such parties must agree that the wage-grade employees of the Coast Guard Yard or Coast Guard indus-trial establishment will take action to im-prove the delivery schedule or technical per-formance agreed to in the order for indus-trial work to which such parties initially agreed. ‘‘(4) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, if the industrial workforce of the Coast Guard Yard or Coast Guard industrial establishment satisfies the performance tar-get established in such an order or cost-plus- incentive-fee order— ‘‘(A) the adjustment to be made pursuant to subsection (a) shall be reduced by an agreed-upon amount and distributed to such wage-grade industrial employees; and ‘‘(B) the remainder of the adjustment shall be credited to the appropriation for such order current at that time.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6842 October 11, 2018 
SEC. 308. CONFIDENTIAL INVESTIGATIVE EX-PENSES. 
Section 944 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$45,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘$250,000’’. 
SEC. 309. REGULAR CAPTAINS; RETIREMENT. 
Section 2149(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘zone is’’ and inserting ‘‘zone, or from being placed at the top of the list of selectees promulgated by the Sec-retary under section 2121(a) of this title, is’’; and (2) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘or placed at the top of the list of se-lectees, as applicable.’’. 
SEC. 310. CONVERSION, ALTERATION, AND RE-PAIR PROJECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 9 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by inserting after section 951 the following: ‘‘§ 952. Construction of Coast Guard vessels and assignment of vessel projects ‘‘The assignment of Coast Guard vessel conversion, alteration, and repair projects shall be based on economic and military con-siderations and may not be restricted by a requirement that certain parts of Coast Guard shipwork be assigned to a particular type of shipyard or geographical area or by a similar requirement.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 9 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 951 the following: ‘‘952. Construction of Coast Guard vessels and assignment of vessel projects.’’. 
SEC. 311. CONTRACTING FOR MAJOR ACQUISI-TIONS PROGRAMS. 
(a) G ENERAL ACQUISITION AUTHORITY .—Sec- tion 501(d) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘aircraft, and sys-tems,’’ after ‘‘vessels,’’. (b) C
ONTRACTING AUTHORITY .—Chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by inserting after section 1136 the following: ‘‘§ 1137. Contracting for major acquisitions programs ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—In carrying out authori-ties provided to the Secretary to design, con-struct, accept, or otherwise acquire assets and systems under section 501(d), the Sec-retary, acting through the Commandant or the head of an integrated program office es-tablished for a major acquisition program, may enter into contracts for a major acquisi-tion program. ‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZED METHODS .—Contracts en-tered into under subsection (a)— ‘‘(1) may be block buy contracts; ‘‘(2) may be incrementally funded; ‘‘(3) may include combined purchases, also known as economic order quantity pur-chases, of— ‘‘(A) materials and components; and ‘‘(B) long lead time materials; and ‘‘(4) as provided in section 2306b of title 10, may be multiyear contracts. ‘‘(c) S
UBJECT TO APPROPRIATIONS .—Any contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract is subject to the availability of amounts specifically provided in advance for that purpose in subsequent appropriations Acts.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 1136 the following: ‘‘1137. Contracting for major acquisitions programs.’’. (d) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The fol- lowing provisions are repealed: (1) Section 223 of the Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (14 U.S.C. 1152 note), and the item relat-ing to that section in the table of contents in section 2 of such Act. (2) Section 221(a) of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2012 (14 U.S.C. 1133 note). (3) Section 207(a) of the Coast Guard Au-thorization Act of 2016 (14 U.S.C. 561 note). (e) I
NTERNAL REGULATIONS AND POLICY .— Not later than 180 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall establish the internal regulations and policies necessary to exercise the au-thorities provided under this section, includ-ing the amendments made in this section. (f) M
ULTIYEAR CONTRACTS .—The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating is authorized to enter into a multiyear contract for the procurement of a tenth, eleventh, and twelfth National Secu-rity Cutter and associated government-fur-nished equipment. 
SEC. 312. OFFICER PROMOTION ZONES. 
Section 2111(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘six-tenths.’’ and inserting ‘‘one-half.’’. 
SEC. 313. CROSS REFERENCE. 
Section 2129(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘designated under section 2317’’ after ‘‘cadet’’. 
SEC. 314. COMMISSIONED SERVICE RETIREMENT. 
For Coast Guard officers who retire in fis-cal year 2018 or 2019, the President may re-duce the period of active commissioned serv-ice required under section 2152 of title 14, United States Code, to a period of not less than 8 years. 
SEC. 315. LEAVE FOR BIRTH OR ADOPTION OF CHILD. 
(a) P OLICY .—Section 2512 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Not later than 1 year’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), not later than 1 year’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) L
EAVE ASSOCIATED WITH BIRTH OR  A
DOPTION OF CHILD.—Notwithstanding sub-section (a), sections 701 and 704 of title 10, or any other provision of law, all officers and enlisted members of the Coast Guard shall be authorized leave associated with the birth or adoption of a child during the 1-year period immediately following such birth or adop-tion and, at the discretion of the Com-manding Officer, such officer or enlisted member shall be permitted— ‘‘(1) to take such leave in increments; and ‘‘(2) to use flexible work schedules (pursu-ant to a program established by the Sec-retary in accordance with chapter 61 of title 5).’’. (b) F
LEXIBLE WORKSCHEDULES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall en-sure that a flexible work schedule program under chapter 61 of title 5, United States Code, is in place for officers and enlisted members of the Coast Guard. 
SEC. 316. CLOTHING AT TIME OF DISCHARGE. 
Section 2705 of title 14, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 27 of that title, are re-pealed. 
SEC. 317. UNFUNDED PRIORITIES LIST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5102 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the President sub-mits to Congress a budget pursuant to sec-tion 1105 of title 31, the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a capital investment plan for the Coast Guard that identifies for each capital asset for which appropriations are proposed in that budget— ‘‘(1) the proposed appropriations included in the budget; ‘‘(2) the total estimated cost of completion based on the proposed appropriations in-cluded in the budget; ‘‘(3) projected funding levels for each fiscal year for the next 5 fiscal years or until project completion, whichever is earlier; ‘‘(4) an estimated completion date based on the proposed appropriations included in the budget; ‘‘(5) an acquisition program baseline, as ap-plicable; and ‘‘(6) projected commissioning and decom-missioning dates for each asset.’’; and (2) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the term ‘new capital asset’ means— ‘‘(1) an acquisition program that does not have an approved acquisition program base-line; or ‘‘(2) the acquisition of a capital asset in ex-cess of the number included in the approved acquisition program baseline.’’. (b) U
NFUNDED PRIORITIES .—Chapter 51 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 5108. Unfunded priorities list ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the President sub-mits to Congress a budget pursuant to sec-tion 1105 of title 31, the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a list of each unfunded priority for the Coast Guard. ‘‘(b) P
RIORITIZATION .—The list required under subsection (a) shall present the un-funded priorities in order from the highest priority to the lowest, as determined by the Commandant. ‘‘(c) U
NFUNDED PRIORITY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘unfunded priority’ means a program or mission requirement that— ‘‘(1) has not been selected for funding in the applicable proposed budget; ‘‘(2) is necessary to fulfill a requirement associated with an operational need; and ‘‘(3) the Commandant would have rec-ommended for inclusion in the applicable proposed budget had additional resources been available or had the requirement emerged before the budget was submitted.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 51 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘5108. Unfunded priorities list.’’. 
SEC. 318. SAFETY OF VESSELS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 527 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ naval ves- sels’’ and inserting ‘‘vessels of the Armed Forces’’; (2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘United States naval vessel’’ and inserting ‘‘vessel of the Armed Forces’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘senior naval officer present in command’’ and inserting ‘‘senior officer present in command’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘United States naval ves-sel’’ and inserting ‘‘vessel of the Armed Forces’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6843 October 11, 2018 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) For purposes of this title, the term ‘vessel of the Armed Forces’ means— ‘‘(1) any vessel owned or operated by the Department of Defense or the Coast Guard, other than a time- or voyage-chartered ves-sel; and ‘‘(2) any vessel owned and operated by the Department of Transportation that is des-ignated by the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating as a vessel equivalent to a vessel described in paragraph (1).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended by striking the item re-lating to section 527 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘527. Safety of vessels of the Armed Forces.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 2510(a)(1) of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘armed forces’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Armed Forces’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘section 101(a) of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 527(e)’’. 
SEC. 319. AIR FACILITIES. 
Section 912 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a); (2) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (a) and (b), respectively; (3) in subsection (a) as redesignated— (A) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND COMMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Prior to closing an air facility, the Secretary shall provide opportu-nities for public comment, including the con-vening of public meetings in communities in the area of responsibility of the air facility with regard to the proposed closure or ces-sation of operations at the air facility. ‘‘(B) P
UBLIC MEETINGS .—Prior to convening a public meeting under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall notify each congressional of-fice representing any portion of the area of responsibility of the air station that is the subject to such public meeting of the sched-ule and location of such public meeting.’’; (B) in paragraph (4)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’; and (ii) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) submit to the Congress a proposal for such closure, cessation, or reduction in oper-ations along with the budget of the Presi-dent submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31 that includes— ‘‘(i) a discussion of the determination made by the Secretary pursuant to paragraph (2); and ‘‘(ii) a report summarizing the public com-ments received by the Secretary under para-graph (3)’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) C
ONGRESSIONAL REVIEW .—The Sec-retary may not close, cease operations, or significantly reduce personnel and use of a Coast Guard air facility for which a written notice is provided under paragraph (4)(A) until a period of 18 months beginning on the date on which such notice is provided has elapsed.’’. TITLE IV—PORTS AND WATERWAYS SAFETY 
SEC. 401. CODIFICATION OF PORTS AND WATER-WAYS SAFETY ACT. 
(a) C ODIFICATION .—Subtitle VII of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting before chapter 701 the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 700—PORTS AND WATERWAYS SAFETY ‘‘SUBCHAPTER A —VESSEL OPERATIONS  ‘‘70001. Vessel traffic services. ‘‘70002. Special powers. ‘‘70003. Port access routes. ‘‘70004. Considerations by Secretary. ‘‘70005. International agreements. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER B —PORTS AND WATERWAYS  
SAFETY  ‘‘70011. Waterfront safety. ‘‘70012. Navigational hazards. ‘‘70013. Requirement to notify Coast Guard of release of objects into the navigable waters of the United States. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER C —CONDITION FOR ENTRY INTO  
PORTS IN THE UNITED STATES  ‘‘70021. Conditions for entry to ports in the united states. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER D —DEFINITIONS , REGULATIONS , 
ENFORCEMENT , INVESTIGATORY POWERS , AP-
PLICABILITY  ‘‘70031. Definitions. ‘‘70032. Saint Lawrence Seaway. ‘‘70033. Limitation on application to foreign vessels. ‘‘70034. Regulations. ‘‘70035. Investigatory powers. ‘‘70036. Enforcement. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—VESSEL OPERATIONS ‘‘§ 70001. Vessel traffic services ‘‘(a) Subject to the requirements of section 70004, the Secretary— ‘‘(1) in any port or place under the jurisdic-tion of the United States, in the navigable waters of the United States, or in any area covered by an international agreement nego-tiated pursuant to section 70005, may con-struct, operate, maintain, improve, or ex-pand vessel traffic services, that consist of measures for controlling or supervising ves-sel traffic or for protecting navigation and the marine environment and that may in-clude one or more of reporting and operating requirements, surveillance and communica-tions systems, routing systems, and fair-ways; ‘‘(2) shall require appropriate vessels that operate in an area of a vessel traffic service to utilize or comply with that service; ‘‘(3)(A) may require vessels to install and use specified navigation equipment, commu-nications equipment, electronic relative mo-tion analyzer equipment, or any electronic or other device necessary to comply with a vessel traffic service or that is necessary in the interests of vessel safety. ‘‘(B) Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall not require fishing ves-sels under 300 gross tons as measured under section 14502, or an alternate tonnage meas-ured under section 14302 as prescribed by the Secretary under section 14104, or rec-reational vessels 65 feet or less to possess or use the equipment or devices required by this subsection solely under the authority of this chapter; ‘‘(4) may control vessel traffic in areas sub-ject to the jurisdiction of the United States that the Secretary determines to be haz-ardous, or under conditions of reduced visi-bility, adverse weather, vessel congestion, or other hazardous circumstances, by— ‘‘(A) specifying times of entry, movement, or departure; ‘‘(B) establishing vessel traffic routing schemes; ‘‘(C) establishing vessel size, speed, or draft limitations and vessel operating conditions; and ‘‘(D) restricting operation, in any haz-ardous area or under hazardous conditions, to vessels that have particular operating characteristics or capabilities that the Sec-retary considers necessary for safe operation under the circumstances; ‘‘(5) may require the receipt of prearrival messages from any vessel, destined for a port or place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, in sufficient time to permit advance vessel traffic planning before port entry, which shall include any information that is not already a matter of record and that the Secretary determines necessary for the control of the vessel and the safety of the port or the marine environment; and ‘‘(6) may prohibit the use on vessels of electronic or other devices that interfere with communication and navigation equip-ment, except that such authority shall not apply to electronic or other devices certified to transmit in the maritime services by the Federal Communications Commission and used within the frequency bands 157.1875– 157.4375 MHz and 161.7875–162.0375 MHz. ‘‘(b) COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may enter into cooperative agreements with public or private agencies, authorities, associations, institutions, corporations, organizations, or other persons to carry out the functions under subsection (a)(1). ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(A) A nongovernmental entity may not under this subsection carry out an inher-ently governmental function. ‘‘(B) As used in this paragraph, the term ‘inherently governmental function’ means any activity that is so intimately related to the public interest as to mandate perform-ance by an officer or employee of the Federal Government, including an activity that re-quires either the exercise of discretion in ap-plying the authority of the Government or the use of judgment in making a decision for the Government. ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR COAST  G
UARD VESSEL TRAFFIC SERVICE PILOTS AND  N
ON-FEDERAL VESSEL TRAFFIC SERVICE OP-
ERATORS .— ‘‘(1) C
OAST GUARD VESSEL TRAFFIC SERVICE  
PILOTS .—Any pilot, acting in the course and scope of his or her duties while at a Coast Guard Vessel Traffic Service, who provides information, advice, or communication as-sistance while under the supervision of a Coast Guard officer, member, or employee shall not be liable for damages caused by or related to such assistance unless the acts or omissions of such pilot constitute gross neg-ligence or willful misconduct. ‘‘(2) N
ON-FEDERAL VESSEL TRAFFIC SERVICE  
OPERATORS .—An entity operating a non-Fed-eral vessel traffic information service or ad-visory service pursuant to a duly executed written agreement with the Coast Guard, and any pilot acting on behalf of such entity, is not liable for damages caused by or related to information, advice, or communication assistance provided by such entity or pilot while so operating or acting unless the acts or omissions of such entity or pilot con-stitute gross negligence or willful mis-conduct. ‘‘§ 70002. Special powers ‘‘The Secretary may order any vessel, in a port or place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States or in the navigable waters of the United States, to operate or anchor in a manner the Secretary directs if— ‘‘(1) the Secretary has reasonable cause to believe such vessel does not comply with any regulation issued under section 70034 or any other applicable law or treaty; ‘‘(2) the Secretary determines such vessel does not satisfy the conditions for port entry set forth in section 70021 of this title; or ‘‘(3) by reason of weather, visibility, sea conditions, port congestion, other hazardous circumstances, or the condition of such ves-sel, the Secretary is satisfied such direction is justified in the interest of safety. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6844 October 11, 2018 
‘‘§ 70003. Port access routes ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY TODESIGNATE .—Except as provided in subsection (b) and subject to the requirements of subsection (c), in order to provide safe access routes for the movement of vessel traffic proceeding to or from ports or places subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, the Secretary shall designate necessary fairways and traffic separation schemes for vessels operating in the terri-torial sea of the United States and in high seas approaches, outside the territorial sea, to such ports or places. Such a designation shall recognize, within the designated area, the paramount right of navigation over all other uses. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No designation may be made by the Secretary under this section if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary determines such a des-ignation, as implemented, would deprive any person of the effective exercise of a right granted by a lease or permit executed or issued under other applicable provisions of law; and ‘‘(B) such right has become vested before the time of publication of the notice re-quired by paragraph (1) of subsection (c). ‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATION REQUIRED .—The Sec-retary shall make the determination under paragraph (1)(A) after consultation with the head of the agency responsible for executing the lease or issuing the permit. ‘‘(c) C
ONSIDERATION OF OTHER USES.—Be- fore making a designation under subsection (a), and in accordance with the requirements of section 70004, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) undertake a study of the potential traffic density and the need for safe access routes for vessels in any area for which fair-ways or traffic separation schemes are pro-posed or that may otherwise be considered and publish notice of such undertaking in the Federal Register; ‘‘(2) in consultation with the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Interior, the Sec-retary of Commerce, the Secretary of the Army, and the Governors of affected States, as their responsibilities may require, take into account all other uses of the area under consideration, including, as appropriate, the exploration for, or exploitation of, oil, gas, or other mineral resources, the construction or operation of deepwater ports or other structures on or above the seabed or subsoil of the submerged lands or the Outer Conti-nental Shelf of the United States, the estab-lishment or operation of marine or estuarine sanctuaries, and activities involving rec-reational or commercial fishing; and ‘‘(3) to the extent practicable, reconcile the need for safe access routes with the needs of all other reasonable uses of the area involved. ‘‘(d) S
TUDY .—In carrying out the Sec-retary’s responsibilities under subsection (c), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) proceed expeditiously to complete any study undertaken; and ‘‘(2) after completion of such a study, promptly— ‘‘(A) issue a notice of proposed rulemaking for the designation contemplated; or ‘‘(B) publish in the Federal Register a no-tice that no designation is contemplated as a result of the study and the reason for such determination. ‘‘(e) I
MPLEMENTATION OF DESIGNATION .—In connection with a designation made under this section, the Secretary— ‘‘(1) shall issue reasonable rules and regu-lations governing the use of such designated areas, including rules and regulations re-garding the applicability of rules 9 and 10 of the International Regulations for Preventing Collisions at Sea, 1972, relating to narrow channels and traffic separation schemes, re-spectively, in waters where such regulations apply; ‘‘(2) to the extent that the Secretary finds reasonable and necessary to effectuate the purposes of the designation, make the use of designated fairways and traffic separation schemes mandatory for specific types and sizes of vessels, foreign and domestic, oper-ating in the territorial sea of the United States and for specific types and sizes of ves-sels of the United States operating on the high seas beyond the territorial sea of the United States; ‘‘(3) may, from time to time, as necessary, adjust the location or limits of designated fairways or traffic separation schemes in order to accommodate the needs of other uses that cannot be reasonably accommo-dated otherwise, except that such an adjust-ment may not, in the judgment of the Sec-retary, unacceptably adversely affect the purpose for which the existing designation was made and the need for which continues; and ‘‘(4) shall, through appropriate channels— ‘‘(A) notify cognizant international organi-zations of any designation, or adjustment thereof; and ‘‘(B) take action to seek the cooperation of foreign States in making it mandatory for vessels under their control to use, to the same extent as required by the Secretary for vessels of the United States, any fairway or traffic separation scheme designated under this section in any area of the high seas. ‘‘§ 70004. Considerations by Secretary ‘‘In carrying out the duties of the Sec-retary under sections 70001, 70002, and 70003, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) take into account all relevant factors concerning navigation and vessel safety, pro-tection of the marine environment, and the safety and security of United States ports and waterways, including— ‘‘(A) the scope and degree of the risk or hazard involved; ‘‘(B) vessel traffic characteristics and trends, including traffic volume, the sizes and types of vessels involved, potential in-terference with the flow of commercial traf-fic, the presence of any unusual cargoes, and other similar factors; ‘‘(C) port and waterway configurations and variations in local conditions of geography, climate, and other similar factors; ‘‘(D) the need for granting exemptions for the installation and use of equipment or de-vices for use with vessel traffic services for certain classes of small vessels, such as self- propelled fishing vessels and recreational vessels; ‘‘(E) the proximity of fishing grounds, oil and gas drilling and production operations, or any other potential or actual conflicting activity; ‘‘(F) environmental factors; ‘‘(G) economic impact and effects; ‘‘(H) existing vessel traffic services; and ‘‘(I) local practices and customs, including voluntary arrangements and agreements within the maritime community; and ‘‘(2) at the earliest possible time, consult with and receive and consider the views of representatives of the maritime community, ports and harbor authorities or associations, environmental groups, and other persons who may be affected by the proposed actions. ‘‘§ 70005. International agreements ‘‘(a) T
RANSMITTAL OF REGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall transmit, via the Secretary of State, to appropriate international bodies or forums, any regulations issued under this subchapter, for consideration as inter-national standards. ‘‘(b) A
GREEMENTS .—The President is au-thorized and encouraged to— ‘‘(1) enter into negotiations and conclude and execute agreements with neighboring nations, to establish compatible vessel standards and vessel traffic services, and to establish, operate, and maintain inter-national vessel traffic services, in areas and under circumstances of mutual concern; and ‘‘(2) enter into negotiations, through ap-propriate international bodies, and conclude and execute agreements to establish vessel traffic services in appropriate areas of the high seas. ‘‘(c) OPERATIONS .—The Secretary, pursuant to any agreement negotiated under sub-section (b) that is binding upon the United States in accordance with constitutional re-quirements, may— ‘‘(1) require vessels operating in an area of a vessel traffic service to utilize or to com-ply with the vessel traffic service, including the carrying or installation of equipment and devices as necessary for the use of the service; and ‘‘(2) waive, by order or regulation, the ap-plication of any United States law or regula-tion concerning the design, construction, op-eration, equipment, personnel qualifications, and manning standards for vessels operating in waters over which the United States exer-cises jurisdiction if such vessel is not en route to or from a United States port or place, and if vessels en route to or from a United States port or place are accorded equivalent waivers of laws and regulations of the neighboring nation, when operating in waters over which that nation exercises ju-risdiction. ‘‘(d) S
HIPREPORTING SYSTEMS .—The Sec- retary, in cooperation with the International Maritime Organization, may implement and enforce two mandatory ship reporting sys-tems, consistent with international law, with respect to vessels subject to such re-porting systems entering the following areas of the Atlantic Ocean: ‘‘(1) Cape Cod Bay, Massachusetts Bay, and Great South Channel (in the area generally bounded by a line starting from a point on Cape Ann, Massachusetts at 42 deg. 39 ′ N., 70 deg. 37′ W; then northeast to 42 deg. 45 ′ N., 70 deg. 13′ W; then southeast to 42 deg. 10 ′ N., 68 deg. 31′ W, then south to 41 deg. 00 ′ N., 68 deg. 31′ W; then west to 41 deg. 00 ′ N., 69 deg. 17′ W; then northeast to 42 deg. 05 ′ N., 70 deg. 02′ W, then west to 42 deg. 04 ′ N., 70 deg. 10′ W; and then along the Massachusetts shoreline of Cape Cod Bay and Massachusetts Bay back to the point on Cape Ann at 42 deg. 39 ′ N., 70 deg. 37′ W). ‘‘(2) In the coastal waters of the South-eastern United States within about 25 nm along a 90 nm stretch of the Atlantic sea-board (in an area generally extending from the shoreline east to longitude 80 deg. 51.6 ′ W with the southern and northern boundary at latitudes 30 deg. 00′ N., 31 deg. 27′ N., respec- tively). ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—PORTS AND WATERWAYS SAFETY ‘‘§ 70011. Waterfront safety ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary may take such action as is necessary to— ‘‘(1) prevent damage to, or the destruction of, any bridge or other structure on or in the navigable waters of the United States, or any land structure or shore area imme-diately adjacent to such waters; and ‘‘(2) protect the navigable waters and the resources therein from harm resulting from vessel or structure damage, destruction, or loss. ‘‘(b) A
CTIONS AUTHORIZED .—Actions au-thorized by subsection (a) include— ‘‘(1) establishing procedures, measures, and standards for the handling, loading, unload-ing, storage, stowage, and movement on a structure (including the emergency removal, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6845 October 11, 2018 
control, and disposition) of explosives or other dangerous articles and substances, in-cluding oil or hazardous material as those terms are defined in section 2101; ‘‘(2) prescribing minimum safety equip-ment requirements for a structure to assure adequate protection from fire, explosion, natural disaster, and other serious accidents or casualties; ‘‘(3) establishing water or waterfront safe-ty zones, or other measures, for limited, con-trolled, or conditional access and activity when necessary for the protection of any ves-sel, structure, waters, or shore area; and ‘‘(4) establishing procedures for examina-tion to assure compliance with the require-ments prescribed under this section. ‘‘(c) S
TATE LAW.—Nothing in this section, with respect to structures, prohibits a State or political subdivision thereof from pre-scribing higher safety equipment require-ments or safety standards than those that may be prescribed by regulations under this section. ‘‘§ 70012. Navigational hazards ‘‘(a) R
EPORTING PROCEDURE .—The Sec-retary shall establish a program to encour-age fishermen and other vessel operators to report potential or existing navigational hazards involving pipelines to the Secretary through Coast Guard field offices. ‘‘(b) S
ECRETARY ’SRESPONSE .— ‘‘(1) N
OTIFICATION BY THE OPERATOR OF A  
PIPELINE .—Upon notification by the operator of a pipeline of a hazard to navigation with respect to that pipeline, the Secretary shall immediately notify Coast Guard head-quarters, the Pipeline and Hazardous Mate-rials Safety Administration, other affected Federal and State agencies, and vessel own-ers and operators in the pipeline’s vicinity. ‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION BY OTHER PERSONS .— Upon notification by any other person of a hazard or potential hazard to navigation with respect to a pipeline, the Secretary shall promptly determine whether a hazard exists, and if so shall immediately notify Coast Guard headquarters, the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, other affected Federal and State agencies, vessel owners and operators in the pipeline’s vicinity, and the owner and operator of the pipeline. ‘‘(c) P
IPELINE DEFINED .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘pipeline’ has the meaning given the term ‘pipeline facility’ in section 60101(a)(18) of title 49. ‘‘§ 70013. Requirement to notify Coast Guard of release of objects into the navigable waters of the United States ‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENT .—As soon as a person has knowledge of any release from a vessel or facility into the navigable waters of the United States of any object that creates an obstruction prohibited under section 10 of the Act of March 3, 1899, popularly known as the Rivers and Harbors Appropriations Act of 1899 (33 U.S.C. 403), such person shall no-tify the Secretary and the Secretary of the Army of such release. ‘‘(b) R
ESTRICTION ON USE OF NOTIFICA -
TION.—Any notification provided by an indi-vidual in accordance with subsection (a) may not be used against such individual in any criminal case, except a prosecution for per-jury or for giving a false statement. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—CONDITION FOR ENTRY INTO PORTS IN THE UNITED STATES ‘‘§ 70021. Conditions for entry to ports in the United States ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—No vessel that is subject to chapter 37 shall operate in the navigable waters of the United States or transfer cargo or residue in any port or place under the ju-risdiction of the United States, if such ves-sel— ‘‘(1) has a history of accidents, pollution incidents, or serious repair problems that, as determined by the Secretary, creates reason to believe that such vessel may be unsafe or may create a threat to the marine environ-ment; ‘‘(2) fails to comply with any applicable regulation issued under section 70034, chap-ter 37, or any other applicable law or treaty; ‘‘(3) discharges oil or hazardous material in violation of any law of the United States or in a manner or quantities inconsistent with any treaty to which the United States is a party; ‘‘(4) does not comply with any applicable vessel traffic service requirements; ‘‘(5) is manned by one or more officers who are licensed by a certificating State that the Secretary has determined, pursuant to sec-tion 9101 of title 46, does not have standards for licensing and certification of seafarers that are comparable to or more stringent than United States standards or inter-national standards that are accepted by the United States; ‘‘(6) is not manned in compliance with manning levels as determined by the Sec-retary to be necessary to insure the safe navigation of the vessel; or ‘‘(7) while underway, does not have at least one licensed deck officer on the navigation bridge who is capable of clearly under-standing English. ‘‘(b) EXCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may allow provisional entry of a vessel that is not in compliance with subsection (a), if the owner or operator of such vessel proves, to the sat-isfaction of the Secretary, that such vessel is not unsafe or a threat to the marine environ-ment, and if such entry is necessary for the safety of the vessel or persons aboard. ‘‘(2) P
ROVISIONS NOT APPLICABLE .—Para- graphs (1), (2), (3), and (4) of subsection (a) of this section shall not apply to a vessel al-lowed provisional entry under paragraph (1) if the owner or operator of such vessel proves, to the satisfaction of the Secretary, that such vessel is no longer unsafe or a threat to the marine environment, and is no longer in violation of any applicable law, treaty, regulation, or condition, as appro-priate. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER IV—DEFINITIONS, REGU-LATIONS, ENFORCEMENT, INVESTIGA-TORY POWERS, APPLICABILITY ‘‘§ 70031. Definitions ‘‘As used in subchapters A through C and this subchapter, unless the context other-wise requires: ‘‘(1) The term ‘marine environment’ means— ‘‘(A) the navigable waters of the United States and the land and resources therein and thereunder; ‘‘(B) the waters and fishery resources of any area over which the United States as-serts exclusive fishery management author-ity; ‘‘(C) the seabed and subsoil of the Outer Continental Shelf of the United States, the resources thereof, and the waters superjacent thereto; and ‘‘(D) the recreational, economic, and scenic values of such waters and resources. ‘‘(2) The term ‘Secretary’ means the Sec-retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, except that such term means the Secretary of Transportation with respect to the application of this chapter to the Saint Lawrence Seaway. ‘‘(3) The term ‘navigable waters of the United States’ includes all waters of the ter-ritorial sea of the United States as described in Presidential Proclamation No. 5928 of De-cember 27, 1988. ‘‘§ 70032. Saint Lawrence Seaway ‘‘The authority granted to the Secretary under sections 70001, 70002, 70003, 70004, and 70011 may not be delegated with respect to the Saint Lawrence Seaway to any agency other than the Saint Lawrence Seaway De-velopment Corporation. Any other authority granted the Secretary under subchapters A through C and this subchapter shall be dele-gated by the Secretary to the Saint Law-rence Seaway Development Corporation to the extent the Secretary determines such delegation is necessary for the proper oper-ation of the Saint Lawrence Seaway. ‘‘§ 70033. Limitation on application to foreign vessels ‘‘Except pursuant to international treaty, convention, or agreement, to which the United States is a party, subchapters A through C and this subchapter shall not apply to any foreign vessel that is not des-tined for, or departing from, a port or place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States and that is in— ‘‘(1) innocent passage through the terri-torial sea of the United States; or ‘‘(2) transit through the navigable waters of the United States that form a part of an international strait. ‘‘§ 70034. Regulations ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—In accordance with sec-tion 553 of title 5, the Secretary shall issue, and may from time to time amend or repeal, regulations necessary to implement sub-chapters A through C and this subchapter. ‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION .—In the exercise of the regulatory authority under subchapters A through C and this subchapter, the Secretary shall consult with, and receive and consider the views of all interested persons, includ-ing— ‘‘(1) interested Federal departments and agencies; ‘‘(2) officials of State and local govern-ments; ‘‘(3) representatives of the maritime com-munity; ‘‘(4) representatives of port and harbor au-thorities or associations; ‘‘(5) representatives of environmental groups; ‘‘(6) any other interested persons who are knowledgeable or experienced in dealing with problems involving vessel safety, port and waterways safety, and protection of the marine environment; and ‘‘(7) advisory committees consisting of all interested segments of the public when the establishment of such committees is consid-ered necessary because the issues involved are highly complex or controversial. ‘‘§ 70035. Investigatory powers ‘‘(a) S
ECRETARY .—The Secretary may in-vestigate any incident, accident, or act in-volving the loss or destruction of, or damage to, any structure subject to subchapters A through C and this subchapter, or that af-fects or may affect the safety or environ-mental quality of the ports, harbors, or navi-gable waters of the United States. ‘‘(b) P
OWERS .—In an investigation under this section, the Secretary may issue sub-poenas to require the attendance of wit-nesses and the production of documents or other evidence relating to such incident, ac-cident, or act. If any person refuses to obey a subpoena, the Secretary may request the Attorney General to invoke the aid of the appropriate district court of the United States to compel compliance with the sub-poena. Any district court of the United States may, in the case of refusal to obey a subpoena, issue an order requiring compli-ance with the subpoena, and failure to obey the order may be punished by the court as contempt. Witnesses may be paid fees for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6846 October 11, 2018 
travel and attendance at rates not exceeding those allowed in a district court of the United States. ‘‘§ 70036. Enforcement ‘‘(a) C
IVILPENALTY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any person who is found by the Secretary, after notice and an oppor-tunity for a hearing, to have violated sub-chapters A through C or this subchapter or a regulation issued under subchapters A through C or this subchapter shall be liable to the United States for a civil penalty, not to exceed $25,000 for each violation. Each day of a continuing violation shall constitute a separate violation. The amount of such civil penalty shall be assessed by the Secretary, or the Secretary’s designee, by written no-tice. In determining the amount of such pen-alty, the Secretary shall take into account the nature, circumstances, extent, and grav-ity of the prohibited acts committed and, with respect to the violator, the degree of culpability, any history of prior offenses, ability to pay, and such other matters as jus-tice may require. ‘‘(2) C
OMPROMISE , MODIFICATION , OR REMIS -
SION.—The Secretary may compromise, mod-ify, or remit, with or without conditions, any civil penalty that is subject to imposi-tion or that has been imposed under this sec-tion. ‘‘(3) F
AILURE TO PAY PENALTY .—If any per-son fails to pay an assessment of a civil pen-alty after it has become final, the Secretary may refer the matter to the Attorney Gen-eral of the United States, for collection in any appropriate district court of the United States. ‘‘(b) C
RIMINAL PENALTY .— ‘‘(1) C
LASS D FELONY .—Any person who willfully and knowingly violates subchapters A through C or this subchapter or any regu-lation issued thereunder commits a class D felony. ‘‘(2) C
LASS C FELONY .—Any person who, in the willful and knowing violation of sub-chapters A through C or this subchapter or of any regulation issued thereunder, uses a dangerous weapon, or engages in conduct that causes bodily injury or fear of imminent bodily injury to any officer authorized to en-force the provisions of such a subchapter or the regulations issued under such sub-chapter, commits a class C felony. ‘‘(c) I
NREMLIABILITY .—Any vessel that is used in violation of subchapters A, B, or C or this subchapter, or any regulations issued under such subchapter, shall be liable in rem for any civil penalty assessed pursuant to subsection (a) and may be proceeded against in the United States district court for any district in which such vessel may be found. ‘‘(d) I
NJUNCTION .—The United States dis-trict courts shall have jurisdiction to re-strain violations of subchapter A, B, or C or this subchapter or of regulations issued under such subchapter, for cause shown. ‘‘(e) D
ENIAL OF ENTRY .—Except as provided in section 70021, the Secretary may, subject to recognized principles of international law, deny entry by any vessel that is not in com-pliance with subchapter A, B, or C or this subchapter or the regulations issued under such subchapter— ‘‘(1) into the navigable waters of the United States; or ‘‘(2) to any port or place under the jurisdic-tion of the United States. ‘‘(f) W
ITHHOLDING OF CLEARANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If any owner, operator, or individual in charge of a vessel is liable for a penalty or fine under this section, or if reasonable cause exists to believe that the owner, operator, or individual in charge may be subject to a penalty or fine under this sec-tion, the Secretary of the Treasury, upon the request of the Secretary, shall with respect to such vessel refuse or revoke any clearance required by section 60105 of title 46. ‘‘(2) GRANTING CLEARANCE REFUSED OR RE -
VOKED .—Clearance refused or revoked under this subsection may be granted upon filing of a bond or other surety satisfactory to the Secretary.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of such subtitle is amended by inserting before the item relating to chapter 701 the following: ‘‘700. Ports and Waterways Safety .....70001.’’. 
SEC. 402. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) E LECTRONIC CHARTS .— (1) T
RANSFER OF PROVISION .—Section 4A of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1223a)— (A) is redesignated as section 3105 of title 46, United States Code, and transferred to appear after section 3104 of that title; and (B) is amended by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON APPLICATION .—Except pursuant to an international treaty, conven-tion, or agreement, to which the United States is a party, this section shall not apply to any foreign vessel that is not destined for, or departing from, a port or place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States and that is in— ‘‘(1) innocent passage through the terri-torial sea of the United States; or ‘‘(2) transit through the navigable waters of the United States that form a part of an international strait.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 31 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘3105. Electronic charts.’’. (b) P
ORT, HARBOR , AND COASTAL FACILITY  S
ECURITY .— (1) T
RANSFER OF PROVISIONS .—So much of section 7 of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1226) as precedes subsection (c) of that section is redesignated as section 70116 of title 46, United States Code, and transferred to section 70116 of that title. (2) D
EFINITIONS , ADMINISTRATION , AND EN -
FORCEMENT .—Section 70116 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by paragraph (1) of this subsection, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS , ADMINISTRATION , ANDEN-
FORCEMENT .—This section shall be treated as part of chapter 700 for purposes of sections 70031, 70032, 70034, 70035, and 70036.’’. (3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 701 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 70116 and inserting the following: ‘‘70116. Port, harbor, and coastal facility se-curity.’’. (c) N
ONDISCLOSURE OF PORT SECURITY  P
LANS .—Subsection (c) of section 7 of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1226), as so designated before the application of subsection (b)(1) of this section— (1) is redesignated as subsection (f) of sec-tion 70103 of title 46, United States Code, and transferred so as to appear after subsection (e) of such section; and (2) is amended by striking ‘‘this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘this chapter’’. (d) R
EPEAL .—Section 2307 of title 46, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis at the beginning of chapter 23 of that title, are repealed. (e) R
EPEAL .—The Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1221–1231, 1232–1232b), as amended by this Act, is repealed. 
SEC. 403. TRANSITIONAL AND SAVINGS PROVI-SIONS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) S
OURCE PROVISION .—The term ‘‘source provision’’ means a provision of law that is replaced by a title 46 provision under this title. (2) TITLE 46 PROVISION .—The term ‘‘title 46 provision’’ means a provision of title 46, United States Code, that is enacted by sec-tion 402. (b) C
UTOFF DATE.—The title 46 provisions replace certain provisions of law enacted be-fore the date of the enactment of this Act. If a law enacted after that date amends or re-peals a source provision, that law is deemed to amend or repeal, as the case may be, the corresponding title 46 provision. If a law en-acted after that date is otherwise incon-sistent with a title 46 provision or a provi-sion of this title, that law supersedes the title 46 provision or provision of this title to the extent of the inconsistency. (c) O
RIGINAL DATE OF ENACTMENT UN-
CHANGED .—For purposes of determining whether one provision of law supersedes an-other based on enactment later in time, a title 46 provision is deemed to have been en-acted on the date of enactment of the source provision that the title 46 provision replaces. (d) R
EFERENCES TO TITLE 46 P ROVISIONS .—A reference to a title 46 provision, including a reference in a regulation, order, or other law, is deemed to refer to the corresponding source provision. (e) R
EFERENCES TO SOURCE PROVISIONS .—A reference to a source provision, including a reference in a regulation, order, or other law, is deemed to refer to the corresponding title 46 provision. (f) R
EGULATIONS , ORDERS , AND OTHER AD-
MINISTRATIVE ACTIONS .—A regulation, order, or other administrative action in effect under a source provision continues in effect under the corresponding title 46 provision. (g) A
CTIONS TAKEN AND OFFENSES COM-
MITTED .—An action taken or an offense com-mitted under a source provision is deemed to have been taken or committed under the cor-responding title 46 provision. 
SEC. 404. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
This title, including the amendments made by this title, is intended only to transfer pro-visions of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act to title 46, United States Code, and may not be construed to alter— (1) the effect of a provision of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act, including any au-thority or requirement therein; (2) a department or agency interpretation with respect to the Ports and Waterways Safety Act; or (3) a judicial interpretation with respect to the Ports and Waterways Safety Act. 
SEC. 405. ADVISORY COMMITTEE: REPEAL. 
Section 18 of the Coast Guard Authoriza-tion Act of 1991 (Public Law 102–241; 105 Stat. 2213) is repealed. 
SEC. 406. REGATTAS AND MARINE PARADES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 700 of title 46, United States Code, as established by section 401 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER V—REGATTAS AND MARINE PARADES ‘‘§ 70041. Regattas and marine parades ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard may issue regulations to pro-mote the safety of life on navigable waters during regattas or marine parades. ‘‘(b) D
ETAIL AND USE OF VESSELS .—To en- force regulations issued under this section— ‘‘(1) the Commandant may detail any pub-lic vessel in the service of the Coast Guard and make use of any private vessel tendered gratuitously for that purpose; and ‘‘(2) upon the request of the Commandant, the head of any other Federal department or agency may enforce the regulations by means of any public vessel of such depart-ment and any private vessel tendered gratu-itously for that purpose. ‘‘(c) T
RANSFER OF AUTHORITY .—The author-ity of the Commandant under this section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6847 October 11, 2018 
may be transferred by the President for any special occasion to the head of another Fed-eral department or agency whenever in the President’s judgment such transfer is desir-able. ‘‘(d) P
ENALTIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For any violation of reg-ulations issued pursuant to this section the following penalties shall be incurred: ‘‘(A) A licensed officer shall be liable to suspension or revocation of license in the manner prescribed by law for incompetency or misconduct. ‘‘(B) Any person in charge of the naviga-tion of a vessel other than a licensed officer shall be liable to a penalty of $5,000. ‘‘(C) The owner of a vessel (including any corporate officer of a corporation owning the vessel) actually on board shall be liable to a penalty of $5,000, unless the violation of reg-ulations occurred without the owner’s knowledge. ‘‘(D) Any other person shall be liable to a penalty of $2,500. ‘‘(2) M
ITIGATION OR REMISSION .—The Com-mandant may mitigate or remit any penalty provided for in this subsection in the manner prescribed by law for the mitigation or re-mission of penalties for violation of the navi-gation laws.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 700 of title 46, United States Code, as established by section 401 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER E —REGATTAS AND MARINE  
PARADES  ‘‘70041. Regattas and marine parades.’’. (c) R
EPEAL .—The Act of April 28, 1908 (35 Stat. 69, chapter 151; 33 U.S.C. 1233 et seq.), is repealed. 
SEC. 407. REGULATION OF VESSELS IN TERRI-TORIAL WATERS OF UNITED STATES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF SUBCHAPTER F.— Chapter 700 of title 46, United States Code, as established by section 401 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER VI—REGULATION OF VES-SELS IN TERRITORIAL WATERS OF UNITED STATES ‘‘§ 70054. Definitions ‘‘In this subchapter: ‘‘(1) U
NITED STATES .—The term ‘United States’ includes all territory and waters, continental or insular, subject to the juris-diction of the United States. ‘‘(2) T
ERRITORIAL WATERS .—The term ‘ter-ritorial waters of the United States’ includes all waters of the territorial sea of the United States as described in Presidential Procla-mation 5928 of December 27, 1988.’’. (b) R
EGULATION OF ANCHORAGE AND MOVE-
MENT OF VESSELS DURING NATIONAL EMER-
GENCY .—Section 1 of title II of the Act of June 15, 1917 (40 Stat. 220, chapter 30; 50 U.S.C. 191), is amended— (1) by striking the section designation and all that follows before ‘‘by proclamation’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘§ 70051. Regulation of anchorage and move-ment of vessels during national emergency ‘‘Whenever the President’’; (2) by striking ‘‘of the Treasury’’; (3) by striking ‘‘of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; (4) by striking ‘‘this title’’ and inserting ‘‘this subchapter’’; and (5) by transferring the section so that the section appears before section 70054 of title 46, United States Code (as added by sub-section (a) of this section). (c) S
EIZURE AND FORFEITURE OF VESSEL ; F
INE AND IMPRISONMENT .—Section 2 of title II of the Act of June 15, 1917 (40 Stat. 220, chapter 30; 50 U.S.C. 192), is amended— (1) by striking the section designation and all that follows before ‘‘agent,’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘§ 70052. Seizure and forfeiture of vessel; fine and imprisonment ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—If any owner,’’; (2) by striking ‘‘this title’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘this subchapter’’; and (3) by transferring the section so that the section appears after section 70051 of title 46, United States Code (as transferred by sub-section (b) of this section). (d) E
NFORCEMENT PROVISIONS .—Section 4 of title II of the Act of June 15, 1917 (40 Stat. 220, chapter 30; 50 U.S.C. 194), is amended— (1) by striking all before ‘‘may employ’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘§ 70053. Enforcement provisions ‘‘The President’’; (2) by striking ‘‘the purpose of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘this subchapter’’; and (3) by transferring the section so that the section appears after section 70052 of title 46, United States Code (as transferred by sub-section (c) of this section). (e) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 700 of title 46, United States Code, as established by section 401 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER F —REGULATION OF VESSELS IN  
TERRITORIAL WATERS OF UNITED STATES  ‘‘70051. Regulation of anchorage and move-ment of vessels during national emergency. ‘‘70052. Seizure and forfeiture of vessel; fine and imprisonment. ‘‘70053. Enforcement provisions. ‘‘70054. Definitions.’’. 
SEC. 408. PORT, HARBOR, AND COASTAL FACILITY SECURITY. 
(a) T RANSFER OF PROVISIONS .—So much of section 7 of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1226) as precedes subsection (c) of that section is redesignated as section 70102a of title 46, United States Code, and transferred so as to appear after section 70102 of that title. (b) D
EFINITIONS , ADMINISTRATION , AND EN-
FORCEMENT .—Section 70102a of title 46, United States Code, as amended by para-graph (1) of this subsection, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS , ADMINISTRATION , ANDEN-
FORCEMENT .—This section shall be treated as part of chapter 700 for purposes of sections 70031, 70032, 70034, 70035, and 70036.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 701 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 70102 the following: ‘‘70102a. Port, harbor, and coastal facility se-curity.’’. (d) N
ONDISCLOSURE OF PORT SECURITY  P
LANS .—Subsection (c) of section 7 of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1226), as so designated before the application of subsection (b)(1) of this section— (1) is redesignated as subsection (f) of sec-tion 70103 of title 46, United States Code, and transferred so as to appear after subsection (e) of such section; and (2) is amended by striking ‘‘this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘this chapter’’. TITLE V—MARITIME TRANSPORTATION SAFETY 
SEC. 501. CONSISTENCY IN MARINE INSPEC-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3305 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d)(1) The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall ensure that Officers in Charge, Marine Inspections consistently interpret regulations and standards under this subtitle and chapter 700 to avoid disruption and undue expense to industry. ‘‘(2)(A) Subject to subparagraph (B), in the event of a disagreement regarding the condi-tion of a vessel or the interpretation of a regulation or standard referred to in sub-section (a) between a local Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection conducting an inspection of the vessel and the Officer in Charge, Ma-rine Inspection that issued the most recent certificate of inspection for the vessel, such Officers shall seek to resolve such disagree-ment. ‘‘(B) If a disagreement described in sub-paragraph (A) involves vessel design or plan review, the Coast Guard marine safety cen-ter shall be included in all efforts to resolve such disagreement. ‘‘(C) If a disagreement described in sub-paragraph (A) or (B) cannot be resolved, the local Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection shall submit to the Commandant of the Coast Guard, through the cognizant Coast Guard district commander, a request for a final agency determination of the matter in disagreement. ‘‘(3) The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall— ‘‘(A) provide to each person affected by a decision or action by an Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection or by the Coast Guard ma-rine safety center all information necessary for such person to exercise any right to ap-peal such decision or action; and ‘‘(B) if such an appeal is filed, process such appeal under parts 1 through 4 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017. ‘‘(4) In this section, the term ‘Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection’ means any per-son from the civilian or military branch of the Coast Guard who— ‘‘(A) is designated as such by the Com-mandant; and ‘‘(B) under the superintendence and direc-tion of the cognizant Coast Guard district commander, is in charge of an inspection zone for the performance of duties with re-spect to the inspections under, and enforce-ment and administration of, subtitle II, chapter 700, and regulations under such laws.’’. (b) REPORT ON MARINE INSPECTOR TRAIN-
ING.—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the training, experience, and qualifications re-quired for assignment as a marine inspector under section 312 of title 14, United States Code, including— (1) a description of any continuing edu-cation requirement, including a specific list of the required courses; (2) a description of the training, including a specific list of the included courses, offered to a journeyman or an advanced journeyman marine inspector to advance inspection ex-pertise; (3) a description of any training that was offered in the 15-year period before the date of the enactment of this Act, but is no longer required or offered, including a specific list of the included courses, including the senior marine inspector course and any plan review courses; (4) a justification for why a course de-scribed in paragraph (3) is no longer required or offered; and (5) a list of the course content the Com-mandant considers necessary to promote consistency among marine inspectors in an environment of increasingly complex vessels and vessel systems. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6848 October 11, 2018 
SEC. 502. UNINSPECTED PASSENGER VESSELS IN ST. LOUIS COUNTY, MINNESOTA. 
Section 4105 of title 46, United States Code, amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) In applying this title with respect to an uninspected vessel of less than 25 feet overall in length that carries passengers on Crane Lake or waters contiguous to such lake in St. Louis County, Minnesota, the Secretary shall substitute ‘12 passengers’ for ‘6 passengers’ each place it appears in sec-tion 2101(51).’’. 
SEC. 503. ENGINE CUT-OFF SWITCH REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 43 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 4312. Engine cut-off switches ‘‘(a) I
NSTALLATION REQUIREMENT .—A manu- facturer, distributor, or dealer that installs propulsion machinery and associated start-ing controls on a covered recreational vessel shall equip such vessel with an engine cut-off switch and engine cut-off switch link that meet American Boat and Yacht Council Standard A-33, as in effect on the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017. ‘‘(b) E
DUCATION ON CUT-OFFSWITCHES .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard, through the National Boating Safety Advisory Com-mittee established under section 15105, may initiate a boating safety program on the use and benefits of cut-off switches for rec-reational vessels. ‘‘(c) A
VAILABILITY OF STANDARD FOR IN-
SPECTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, the Commandant shall transmit Amer-ican Boat and Yacht Council Standard A–33, as in effect on the date of enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017, to— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives; ‘‘(B) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and ‘‘(C) the Coast Guard Office of Design and Engineering Standards; and ‘‘(D) the National Archives and Records Administration. ‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY .—The standard sub-mitted under paragraph (1) shall be kept on file and available for public inspection at such Coast Guard office and the National Ar-chives and Records Administration. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
OVERED RECREATIONAL VESSEL .—The term ‘covered recreational vessel’ means a recreational vessel that is— ‘‘(A) less than 26 feet overall in length; and ‘‘(B) capable of developing 115 pounds or more of static thrust. ‘‘(2) D
EALER .—The term ‘dealer’ means any person who is engaged in the sale and dis-tribution of recreational vessels or associ-ated equipment to purchasers whom the sell-er in good faith believes to be purchasing any such vessel or associated equipment for purposes other than resale. ‘‘(3) D
ISTRIBUTOR .—The term ‘distributor’ means any person engaged in the sale and distribution of recreational vessels and asso-ciated equipment for the purposes of resale. ‘‘(4) M
ANUFACTURER .—The term ‘equipment manufacturer’ means any person engaged in the manufacture, construction, or assembly of recreational vessels or associated equip-ment, or the importation of recreational ves-sels into the United States for subsequent sale. ‘‘(5) PROPULSION MACHINERY .—The term ‘propulsion machinery’ means a self-con-tained propulsion system, and includes, but is not limited to, inboard engines, outboard motors, and sterndrive engines. ‘‘(6) S
TATIC THRUST .—The term ‘static thrust’ means the forward or backwards thrust developed by propulsion machinery while stationary.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘4312. Engine cut-off switches.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Section 4312 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by this section, shall take effect one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 504. EXCEPTION FROM SURVIVAL CRAFT RE-QUIREMENTS. 
Section 4502(b) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘a sur-vival craft’’ and inserting ‘‘subject to para-graph (3), a survival craft’’; (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) Except for a nonapplicable vessel, an auxiliary craft shall satisfy the equipment requirement under paragraph (2)(B) if such craft is— ‘‘(A) necessary for normal fishing oper-ations; ‘‘(B) readily accessible during an emer-gency; and ‘‘(C) capable, in accordance with the Coast Guard capacity rating, when applicable, of safely holding all individuals on board the vessel to which the craft functions as an aux-iliary.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) For the purposes of this section, the term ‘auxiliary craft’ means a vessel that is carried onboard a fishing vessel and is nor-mally used to support fishing operations.’’. 
SEC. 505. SAFETY STANDARDS. 
Section 4502(f) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraphs (2) and (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) shall examine at dockside a vessel de-scribed in subsection (b) at least once every 5 years, but may require an exam at dockside every 2 years for certain vessels described in subsection (b) if requested by the owner or operator; and ‘‘(3) shall issue a certificate of compliance to a vessel meeting the requirements of this chapter and satisfying the requirements in paragraph (2).’’. 
SEC. 506. FISHING SAFETY GRANTS. 
Section 4502 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsections (i) and (j), by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices’’; (2) in subsection (i)(2), as amended by para-graph (1), by inserting ‘‘, in consultation with and based on criteria established by the Commandant of the Coast Guard’’ after ‘‘Health and Human Services’’; (3) in subsection (i)(3), by striking ‘‘75’’ and inserting ‘‘50’’; (4) in subsection (i)(4), by striking ‘‘$3,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘$3,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2019’’; (5) in subsection (j)(2), as amended by para-graph (1), by inserting ‘‘, in consultation with and based on criteria established by the Commandant of the Coast Guard,’’ after ‘‘Health and Human Services’’; (6) in subsection (j)(3), by striking ‘‘75’’ and inserting ‘‘50’’; and (7) in subsection (j)(4), by striking ‘‘$3,000,000 for each fiscal years 2015 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘$3,000,000 for each of fis-cal years 2018 through 2019’’. SEC. 507. FISHING, FISH TENDER, AND FISH PROCESSING VESSEL CERTIFI-CATION. 
(a) N ONAPPLICATION .—Section 4503(c)(2)(A) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘79’’ and inserting ‘‘180’’. (b) D
ETERMINING WHENKEELISLAID.—Sec- tion 4503(f) of title 46, United States Code, as redesignated by section 508 of this Act, is further amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f)(1) For purposes of this section and sec-tion 4503a, the term ‘built’ means, with re-spect to a vessel, that the vessel’s construc-tion has reached any of the following stages: ‘‘(A) The vessel’s keel is laid. ‘‘(B) Construction identifiable with the vessel has begun and assembly of that vessel has commenced comprising of at least 50 metric tons or one percent of the estimated mass of all structural material, whichever is less. ‘‘(2) In the case of a vessel greater than 79 feet overall in length, for purposes of para-graph (1)(A) a keel is deemed to be laid when a marine surveyor affirms that a structure adequate for serving as a keel for such vessel is in place and identified for use in the con-struction of such vessel.’’. 
SEC. 508. DEADLINE FOR COMPLIANCE WITH AL-TERNATE SAFETY COMPLIANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4503(d) of title 46, United States Code, is redesignated as sec-tion 4503a and transferred to appear after section 4503 of such title. (b) F
ISHING , FISHTENDER , AND FISHPROC-
ESSING VESSEL CERTIFICATION .—Section 4503 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (e), (f), and (g) as subsections (d), (e), and (f), respec-tively; (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘sub-section (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4503a’’; (3) in subsection (c)(2)(B)(ii)(I), by striking ‘‘subsection (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)’’; (4) in subsection (c)(2)(B)(ii)(II), by striking ‘‘subsection (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (e)’’; (5) in subsection (e)(1), as amended by para-graph (1) of this subsection, by striking ‘‘subsection (e)’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘subsection (d)’’; and (6) in subsection (e)(2), as amended by para-graph (1) of this subsection, by striking ‘‘subsection (e)’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘subsection (d)’’; (c) A
LTERNATE SAFETY COMPLIANCE PRO-
GRAM .—Section 4503a of title 46, United States Code, as redesignated and transferred by subsection (a) of this section, is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4), and (5) as subsections (a), (b), (c), (d), and (e), respectively; (2) by inserting before subsection (a), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘§ 4503a. Alternate safety compliance pro-gram’’; (3) in subsection (a), as redesignated by paragraph (1) of this subsection, by striking ‘‘After January 1, 2020,’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the Secretary, if’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subsection (c), beginning on the date that is 3 years after the date that the Secretary prescribes an alternate safety compliance program, a fishing vessel, fish processing vessel, or fish tender vessel to which section 4502(b) of this title applies shall comply with such an alternate safety compliance program, if’’; (4) in subsection (a), as so redesignated, by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) as paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), respectively; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6849 October 11, 2018 
(5) in subsection (b), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘establishes standards for an alter-nate safety compliance program, shall com-ply with such an alternative safety compli-ance program that is developed in coopera-tion with the commercial fishing industry and prescribed by the Secretary’’ and insert-ing ‘‘prescribes an alternate safety compli-ance program under subsection (a), shall comply with such an alternate safety com-pliance program’’; (6) by amending subsection (c), as so redes-ignated, to read as follows: ‘‘(c) For purposes of subsection (a), a sepa-rate alternate safety compliance program may be developed for a specific region or spe-cific fishery.’’; (7) in subsection (d), as so redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subsection (a)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘that paragraph’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘that sub-section’’; (8) in subsection (e), as so redesignated, by— (A) inserting ‘‘is not eligible to participate in an alternative safety compliance program prescribed under subsection (a) and’’ after ‘‘July 1, 2012’’; and (B) redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively; (9) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) For the purposes of this section, the term ‘built’ has the meaning given that term in section 4503(f).’’. (d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 45 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4503 the following ‘‘4503a. Alternate safety compliance pro-gram.’’. (e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 3104 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 4503(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 4503(d)’’. (f) F
INAL RULE.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall issue a final rule implementing the requirements enumer-ated in section 4503(d) of title 46, as amended by subsection (b)(1) of this section. (g) A
LTERNATE SAFETY COMPLIANCE PRO-
GRAM STATUS REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 2020, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the status of the develop-ment of the alternate safety compliance pro-gram directed by section 4503a of title 46, United States Code, as redesignated by sub-section (c). (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include discussion of— (A) steps taken in the rulemaking process to establish the alternate safety compliance program; (B) communication and collaboration be-tween the Coast Guard, the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, and the commercial fishing vessel industry regarding the development of the alternate safety com-pliance program; (C) consideration given to developing alter-nate safety compliance programs for specific regions and fisheries, as authorized in sec-tion 4503a(c) of such title, as redesignated by subsection (c); (D) any identified legislative changes nec-essary to implement an effective alternate safety compliance program; and (E) the timeline and planned actions that will be taken to implement regulations nec-essary to fully establish an alternate safety compliance program before January 1, 2020. SEC. 509. TERMINATION OF UNSAFE OPER-ATIONS; TECHNICAL CORRECTION. 
Section 4505(2) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘4503(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘4503(a)(2)’’; and (2) by inserting before the period the fol-lowing: ‘‘, except that this paragraph shall not apply with respect to a vessel to which section 4503a applies’’. 
SEC. 510. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS: LICENSES, CERTIFICATES OF REGISTRY, AND MERCHANT MARINER DOCUMENTS. 
Title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 7106(b), by striking ‘‘mer-chant mariner’s document,’’ and inserting ‘‘license,’’; (2) in section 7107(b), by striking ‘‘mer-chant mariner’s document,’’ and inserting ‘‘certificate of registry,’’; (3) in section 7507(b)(1), by striking ‘‘li-censes or certificates of registry’’ and insert-ing ‘‘merchant mariner documents’’; and (4) in section 7507(b)(2) by striking ‘‘mer-chant mariner’s document.’’ and inserting ‘‘license or certificate of registry.’’. 
SEC. 511. CLARIFICATION OF LOGBOOK ENTRIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 11304 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘an offi-cial logbook, which’’ and inserting ‘‘a log-book, which may be in any form, including electronic, and’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by amending para-graph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) Each illness of, and injury to, a sea-man of the vessel, the nature of the illness or injury, and the medical treatment provided for the injury or illness.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 11304(b) is amended by striking ‘‘log book’’ and inserting ‘‘logbook’’. 
SEC. 512. CERTIFICATES OF DOCUMENTATION FOR RECREATIONAL VESSELS. 
Section 12105 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) E
FFECTIVE PERIOD .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3), a certificate of docu-mentation issued under this part is valid for a 1-year period and may be renewed for addi-tional 1-year periods. ‘‘(2) R
ECREATIONAL VESSELS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A certificate of docu-mentation for a recreational vessel and the renewal of such a certificate shall be effec-tive for a 5-year period. ‘‘(B) P
HASE -IN PERIOD .—During the period beginning January 1, 2019, and ending De-cember 31, 2021, the owner or operator of a recreational vessel may choose a period of effectiveness of between 1 and 5 years for such a certificate of documentation for such vessel or the renewal thereof. ‘‘(C) F
EES.— ‘‘(i) R
EQUIREMENT .—The Secretary shall as-sess and collect a fee— ‘‘(I) for the issuance of a certificate of doc-umentation for a recreational vessel that is equivalent to the fee established for the issuance of a certificate of documentation under section 2110; and ‘‘(II) for the renewal of a certificate of doc-umentation for a recreational vessel that is equivalent to the number of years of effec-tiveness of the certificate of documentation multiplied by the fee established for the re-newal of a certificate of documentation under section 2110. ‘‘(ii) T
REATMENT .—Fees collected under this subsection— ‘‘(I) shall be credited to the account from which the costs of such issuance or renewal were paid; and ‘‘(II) may remain available until expended. ‘‘(3) NOTICE OF CHANGE IN INFORMATION .— ‘‘(A) R
EQUIREMENT .—The owner of a vessel shall notify the Coast Guard of each change in the information on which the issuance of the certificate of documentation for the ves-sel is based that occurs before the expiration of the certificate under this subsection, by not later than 30 days after such change. ‘‘(B) T
ERMINATION OF CERTIFICATE .—The certificate of documentation for a vessel shall terminate upon the expiration of such 30-day period if the owner has not notified the Coast Guard of such change before the end of such period. ‘‘(4) S
TATE AND LOCAL AUTHORITY TO RE -
MOVE ABANDONED AND DERELICT VESSELS .— Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit the authority of a State or local au-thority from taking action to remove an abandoned or derelict vessel.’’. 
SEC. 513. NUMBERING FOR UNDOCUMENTED BARGES. 
Section 12301(b) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘shall’’ and inserting ‘‘may’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘of’’ after ‘‘barge’’. 
SEC. 514. BACKUP NATIONAL TIMING SYSTEM. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘National Timing Resilience and Security Act of 2018’’. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Chapter 30 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 312. Alternative timing system ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, the Secretary of Transportation shall provide for the estab-lishment, sustainment, and operation of a land-based, resilient, and reliable alternative timing system— ‘‘(1) to reduce critical dependencies and provide a complement to and backup for the timing component of the Global Positioning System (referred to in this section as ‘GPS’); and ‘‘(2) to ensure the availability of uncorrupted and non-degraded timing signals for military and civilian users in the event that GPS timing signals are corrupted, de-graded, unreliable, or otherwise unavailable. ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT OF REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the National Timing Resilience and Security Act of 2018, the Secretary of Transportation shall estab-lish requirements for the procurement of the system required by subsection (a) as a com-plement to and backup for the timing com-ponent of GPS in accordance with the timing requirements study required by section 1618 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2595). ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary of Transportation shall ensure, to the max-imum extent practicable, that the system es-tablished under subsection (a) will— ‘‘(A) be wireless; ‘‘(B) be terrestrial; ‘‘(C) provide wide-area coverage; ‘‘(D) be synchronized with coordinated uni-versal time; ‘‘(E) be resilient and extremely difficult to disrupt or degrade; ‘‘(F) be able to penetrate underground and inside buildings; ‘‘(G) be capable of deployment to remote locations; ‘‘(H) be developed, constructed, and oper-ated incorporating applicable private sector expertise; ‘‘(I) work in concert with and complement any other similar positioning, navigation, and timing systems, including enhanced long-range navigation systems and Nation-wide Differential GPS systems; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6850 October 11, 2018 
‘‘(J) be available for use by Federal and non-Federal government agencies for public purposes at no net cost to the Federal Gov-ernment within 10 years of initiation of oper-ation; ‘‘(K) be capable of adaptation and expan-sion to provide position and navigation capa-bilities; ‘‘(L) incorporate the recommendations from any GPS back-up demonstration pro-gram initiated and completed by the Sec-retary, in coordination with other Federal agencies, before the date specified in sub-section (c)(1); and ‘‘(M) incorporate such other elements as the Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(c) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN.— ‘‘(1) P
LAN REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Na-tional Timing Resilience and Security Act of 2018, the Secretary of Transportation shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report setting forth the following: ‘‘(A) A plan to develop, construct, and op-erate the system required by subsection (a). ‘‘(B) A description and assessment of the advantages of a system to provide a follow- on complementary and backup positioning and navigation capability to the timing com-ponent of GPS. ‘‘(2) D
EADLINE FOR COMMENCEMENT OF OPER -
ATION .—The system required by subsection (a) shall be in operation by not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Na-tional Timing Resilience and Security Act of 2018. ‘‘(3) M
INIMUM DURATION OF OPERATIONAL CA -
PABILITY .—The system required by sub-section (a) shall be designed to be fully oper-ational for not less than 20 years. ‘‘(d) LORAN F
ACILITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary of Transportation determines that any LORAN infrastructure, including the underlying real property and any spectrum associated with LORAN, in the possession of the Coast Guard is required by the Department of Transpor-tation for the purpose of establishing the system required by subsection (a), the Com-mandant shall transfer such property, spec-trum, and equipment to the Secretary. ‘‘(2) CERCLA 
NOT AFFECTED .—This sub-section shall not be construed to limit the application of or otherwise affect section 120(h) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)) with respect to the Federal Government facilities described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(e) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-portation may enter into a cooperative agreement (as that term is described in sec-tion 6305 of title 31) with an entity upon such terms and conditions as the Secretary of Transportation determines will fulfill the purpose and requirements of this section and be in the public interest. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The cooperative agreement under paragraph (1) shall, at a minimum, require the Secretary of Trans-portation to— ‘‘(A) authorize the entity to sell timing and other services to commercial and non- commercial third parties, subject to any na-tional security requirements determined by the Secretary, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Defense; ‘‘(B) require the entity to develop, con-struct, and operate at private expense the backup timing system in accordance with this section; ‘‘(C) allow the entity to make any invest-ments in technologies necessary over the life of such agreement to meet future require-ments for advanced timing resilience and technologies; ‘‘(D) require the entity to share 25 percent of the gross proceeds received by the entity from the sale of timing services to third par-ties with the Secretary for at least 10 years after the date upon which the Secretary en-ters into the cooperative agreement; ‘‘(E) require the entity— ‘‘(i) to assume all financial risk for the completion and operational capability of the system, after the Secretary provides any LORAN facilities necessary for the system under subsection (d), if required for the al-ternative timing system; and ‘‘(ii) to furnish performance and payment bonds in connection with the system in a reasonable amount as determined by the Secretary; and ‘‘(F) require the entity to make any invest-ments in technologies necessary over the life of the agreement to meet future require-ments for advanced timing resiliency. ‘‘(3) COMPETITION REQUIRED .—The Sec-retary shall use competitive procedures similar to those authorized under section 2667 of title 10 in selecting an entity to enter into a cooperative agreement pursuant to this subsection. ‘‘(4) A
UTHORIZATION TO PURCHASE SERV -
ICES.—The Secretary may not purchase tim-ing system services from the entity for use by the Department of Transportation or for provision to other Federal and non-Federal governmental agencies until the system achieves operational status, and then only if the necessary funds for such purchases are provided for in subsequent yearly appropria-tions acts made available to the Secretary for each and every year in which such pur-chases are made. ‘‘(5) D
ETERMINATION REQUIREMENT .—The Secretary may not enter into a cooperative agreement under this subsection unless the Secretary determines that the cooperative agreement is in the best financial interest of the Federal Government. The Secretary shall notify the Committee on Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives of such determination not later than 30 days after the date of the deter-mination. ‘‘(6) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection the term ‘entity’ means a non-Federal entity with the demonstrated technical expertise and requisite administrative and financial resources to meet any terms and conditions established by the Secretary for purposes of this subsection.’’. (c) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for chapter 3 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘312. Alternative timing system.’’. 
SEC. 515. SCIENTIFIC PERSONNEL. 
Section 2101(41) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(A) Subject to subpara-graph (B),’’ before the text; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B)(i) Such term includes an individual who is on board an oceanographic research vessel only to— ‘‘(I) engage in scientific research; ‘‘(II) instruct in oceanography or lim-nology; or ‘‘(III) receive instruction in oceanography or limnology. ‘‘(ii) For purposes of clause (i), the age of an individual may not be considered in deter-mining whether the individual is described in such clause.’’. 
SEC. 516. TRANSPARENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall publish any letter of de-termination issued by the Coast Guard Na-tional Vessel Documentation Center after the date of the enactment of this Act on the National Vessel Documentation Center website not later than 30 days after the date of issuance of such letter of determination. (b) AUDIT.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an audit, the results of which shall be made publicly available, of— (A) the method or process by which the Coast Guard National Vessel Documentation Center develops policy for and documents compliance with the requirements of section 67.97 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, for the purpose of issuing endorsements under section 12112 and 12113 of title 46, United States Code; (B) the coordination between the Coast Guard and U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion with respect to the enforcement of such requirements; and (C) the extent to which the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating and the Secretary of Transpor-tation, through the Maritime Administra-tion, have published and disseminated infor-mation to promote compliance with applica-ble vessel construction requirements. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the audit under paragraph (1) is complete, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report regarding the re-sults of and recommendations made pursu-ant to such audit. (c) O
UTLINE .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the submission of the Comp-troller General of the United States report required under subsection (b), the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives an outline of plans— (1) to enhance the transparency of the doc-umentation process, and communications with the maritime industry regarding such process over the next 5 years; and (2) to implement the recommendations made by the Comptroller General of the United States in the report required under subsection (b)(2). TITLE VI—ADVISORY COMMITTEES 
SEC. 601. NATIONAL MARITIME TRANSPOR-TATION ADVISORY COMMITTEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle II of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘PART K—NATIONAL MARITIME TRANS-PORTATION ADVISORY COMMITTEES ‘‘CHAPTER 151—NATIONAL MARITIME TRANSPORTATION ADVISORY COMMIT-TEES ‘‘Sec. ‘‘15101. National Chemical Transportation Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘15102. National Commercial Fishing Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘15103. National Merchant Marine Personnel Advisory Committee. ‘‘15104. National Merchant Mariner Medical Advisory Committee. ‘‘15105. National Boating Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘15106. National Offshore Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘15107. National Navigation Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘15108. National Towing Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘15109. Administration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6851 October 11, 2018 
‘‘§ 15101. National Chemical Transportation Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Chemical Transportation Safety Advisory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall ad-vise the Secretary on matters relating to the safe and secure marine transportation of hazardous materials. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of not more than 25 members ap-pointed by the Secretary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Each member of the Committee shall represent 1 of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) Chemical manufacturing entities. ‘‘(B) Entities related to marine handling or transportation of chemicals. ‘‘(C) Vessel design and construction enti-ties. ‘‘(D) Marine safety or security entities. ‘‘(E) Marine environmental protection en-tities. ‘‘(4) D
ISTRIBUTION .—The Secretary shall, based on the needs of the Coast Guard, deter-mine the number of members of the Com-mittee who represent each entity specified in paragraph (3). Neither this paragraph nor any other provision of law shall be construed to require an equal distribution of members representing each entity specified in para-graph (3). ‘‘§ 15102. National Commercial Fishing Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Commercial Fishing Safety Advi-sory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall— ‘‘(1) advise the Secretary on matters relat-ing to the safe operation of vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies, including the matters of— ‘‘(A) navigation safety; ‘‘(B) safety equipment and procedures; ‘‘(C) marine insurance; ‘‘(D) vessel design, construction, mainte-nance, and operation; and ‘‘(E) personnel qualifications and training; and ‘‘(2) review regulations proposed under chapter 45 of this title (during preparation of the regulations). ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 18 members appointed by the Sec-retary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Members of the Committee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 10 members shall represent the com-mercial fishing industry and— ‘‘(i) as a group, shall together reflect a re-gional and representational balance; and ‘‘(ii) as individuals, shall each have experi-ence— ‘‘(I) in the operation of vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies; or ‘‘(II) as a crew member or processing line worker on a fish processing vessel. ‘‘(B) 1 member shall represent naval archi-tects and marine engineers. ‘‘(C) 1 member shall represent manufactur-ers of equipment for vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies. ‘‘(D) 1 member shall represent education and training professionals related to fishing vessel, fish processing vessel, and fish tender vessel safety and personnel qualifications. ‘‘(E) 1 member shall represent underwriters that insure vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies. ‘‘(F) 1 member shall represent owners of vessels to which chapter 45 of this title ap-plies. ‘‘(G) 3 members shall represent the general public and, to the extent possible, shall in-clude— ‘‘(i) an independent expert or consultant in maritime safety; ‘‘(ii) a marine surveyor who provides serv-ices to vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies; and ‘‘(iii) a person familiar with issues affect-ing fishing communities and the families of fishermen. ‘‘§ 15103. National Merchant Marine Per-sonnel Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Merchant Marine Personnel Advi-sory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall ad-vise the Secretary on matters relating to personnel in the United States merchant ma-rine, including the training, qualifications, certification, documentation, and fitness of mariners. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 19 members appointed by the Sec-retary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Members of the Committee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 9 members shall represent mariners and, of the 9— ‘‘(i) each shall— ‘‘(I) be a citizen of the United States; and ‘‘(II) hold an active license or certificate issued under chapter 71 of this title or a mer-chant mariner document issued under chap-ter 73 of this title; ‘‘(ii) 3 shall be deck officers who represent merchant marine deck officers and, of the 3— ‘‘(I) 2 shall be licensed for oceans any gross tons; ‘‘(II) 1 shall be licensed for inland river route with a limited or unlimited tonnage; ‘‘(III) 2 shall have a master’s license or a master of towing vessels license; ‘‘(IV) 1 shall have significant tanker expe-rience; and ‘‘(V) to the extent practicable— ‘‘(aa) 1 shall represent labor; and ‘‘(bb) 1 shall represent management; ‘‘(iii) 3 shall be engineering officers who represent merchant marine engineering offi-cers and, of the 3— ‘‘(I) 2 shall be licensed as chief engineer any horsepower; ‘‘(II) 1 shall be licensed as either a limited chief engineer or a designated duty engineer; and ‘‘(III) to the extent practicable— ‘‘(aa) 1 shall represent labor; and ‘‘(bb) 1 shall represent management; ‘‘(iv) 2 shall be unlicensed seamen who rep-resent merchant marine unlicensed seaman and, of the 2— ‘‘(I) 1 shall represent able-bodied seamen; and ‘‘(II) 1 shall represent qualified members of the engine department; and ‘‘(v) 1 shall be a pilot who represents mer-chant marine pilots. ‘‘(B) 6 members shall represent marine edu-cators and, of the 6— ‘‘(i) 3 shall be marine educators who rep-resent maritime academies and, of the 3— ‘‘(I) 2 shall represent State maritime acad-emies (and are jointly recommended by such academies); and ‘‘(II) 1 shall represent either State mari-time academies or the United States Mer-chant Marine Academy; and ‘‘(ii) 3 shall be marine educators who rep-resent other maritime training institutions and, of the 3, 1 shall represent the small ves-sel industry. ‘‘(C) 2 members shall represent shipping companies employed in ship operation man-agement. ‘‘(D) 2 members shall represent the general public. ‘‘§ 15104. National Merchant Mariner Medical Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Merchant Mariner Medical Advi-sory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall ad-vise the Secretary on matters relating to— ‘‘(1) medical certification determinations for the issuance of licenses, certification of registry, and merchant mariners’ documents with respect to merchant mariners; ‘‘(2) medical standards and guidelines for the physical qualifications of operators of commercial vessels; ‘‘(3) medical examiner education; and ‘‘(4) medical research. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 14 members appointed by the Sec-retary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Members of the Committee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 9 shall represent health-care profes-sionals and have particular expertise, knowl-edge, and experience regarding the medical examinations of merchant mariners or occu-pational medicine. ‘‘(B) 5 shall represent professional mari-ners and have particular expertise, knowl-edge, and experience in occupational require-ments for mariners. ‘‘§ 15105. National Boating Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Boating Safety Advisory Com-mittee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall ad-vise the Secretary on matters relating to na-tional boating safety. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 21 members appointed by the Sec-retary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Members of the Committee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 7 members shall represent State offi-cials responsible for State boating safety programs. ‘‘(B) 7 members shall represent rec-reational vessel and associated equipment manufacturers. ‘‘(C) 7 members shall represent the general public or national recreational boating orga-nizations and, of the 7, at least 5 shall rep-resent national recreational boating organi-zations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6852 October 11, 2018 
‘‘§ 15106. National Offshore Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Offshore Safety Advisory Com-mittee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall ad-vise the Secretary on matters relating to ac-tivities directly involved with, or in support of, the exploration of offshore mineral and energy resources, to the extent that such matters are within the jurisdiction of the Coast Guard. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 15 members appointed by the Sec-retary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Members of the Committee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 2 members shall represent entities en-gaged in the production of petroleum. ‘‘(B) 2 members shall represent entities en-gaged in offshore drilling. ‘‘(C) 2 members shall represent entities en-gaged in the support, by offshore supply ves-sels or other vessels, of offshore mineral and oil operations, including geophysical serv-ices. ‘‘(D) 1 member shall represent entities en-gaged in the construction of offshore explo-ration and recovery facilities. ‘‘(E) 1 member shall represent entities en-gaged in diving services related to offshore construction, inspection, and maintenance. ‘‘(F) 1 member shall represent entities en-gaged in safety and training services related to offshore exploration and construction. ‘‘(G) 1 member shall represent entities en-gaged in pipelaying services related to off-shore construction. ‘‘(H) 2 members shall represent individuals employed in offshore operations and, of the 2, 1 shall have recent practical experience on a vessel or offshore unit involved in the off-shore mineral and energy industry. ‘‘(I) 1 member shall represent national en-vironmental entities. ‘‘(J) 1 member shall represent deepwater ports. ‘‘(K) 1 member shall represent the general public (but not a specific environmental group). ‘‘§ 15107. National Navigation Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Navigation Safety Advisory Com-mittee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall ad-vise the Secretary on matters relating to maritime collisions, rammings, and groundings, Inland Rules of the Road, Inter-national Rules of the Road, navigation regu-lations and equipment, routing measures, marine information, and aids to navigation systems. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of not more than 21 members ap-pointed by the Secretary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Each member of the Committee shall represent 1 of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) Commercial vessel owners or opera-tors. ‘‘(B) Professional mariners. ‘‘(C) Recreational boaters. ‘‘(D) The recreational boating industry. ‘‘(E) State agencies responsible for vessel or port safety. ‘‘(F) The Maritime Law Association. ‘‘(4) DISTRIBUTION .—The Secretary shall, based on the needs of the Coast Guard, deter-mine the number of members of the Com-mittee who represent each entity specified in paragraph (3). Neither this paragraph nor any other provision of law shall be construed to require an equal distribution of members representing each entity specified in para-graph (3). ‘‘§ 15108. National Towing Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Towing Safety Advisory Com-mittee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall ad-vise the Secretary on matters relating to shallow-draft inland navigation, coastal wa-terway navigation, and towing safety. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 18 members appointed by the Sec-retary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Members of the Committee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 7 members shall represent the barge and towing industry, reflecting a regional geographic balance. ‘‘(B) 1 member shall represent the offshore mineral and oil supply vessel industry. ‘‘(C) 1 member shall represent masters and pilots of towing vessels who hold active li-censes and have experience on the Western Rivers and the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway. ‘‘(D) 1 member shall represent masters of towing vessels in offshore service who hold active licenses. ‘‘(E) 1 member shall represent masters of active ship-docking or harbor towing vessels. ‘‘(F) 1 member shall represent licensed and unlicensed towing vessel engineers with for-mal training and experience. ‘‘(G) 2 members shall represent port dis-tricts, authorities, or terminal operators. ‘‘(H) 2 members shall represent shippers and, of the 2, 1 shall be engaged in the ship-ment of oil or hazardous materials by barge. ‘‘(I) 2 members shall represent the general public. ‘‘§ 15109. Administration ‘‘(a) M
EETINGS .—Each committee estab-lished under this chapter shall, at least once each year, meet at the call of the Secretary or a majority of the members of the com-mittee. ‘‘(b) E
MPLOYEE STATUS .—A member of a committee established under this chapter shall not be considered an employee of the Federal Government by reason of service on such committee, except for the purposes of the following: ‘‘(1) Chapter 81 of title 5. ‘‘(2) Chapter 171 of title 28 and any other Federal law relating to tort liability. ‘‘(c) C
OMPENSATION .—Notwithstanding sub-section (b), a member of a committee estab-lished under this chapter, when actually en-gaged in the performance of the duties of such committee, may— ‘‘(1) receive compensation at a rate estab-lished by the Secretary, not to exceed the maximum daily rate payable under section 5376 of title 5; or ‘‘(2) if not compensated in accordance with paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) be reimbursed for actual and reason-able expenses incurred in the performance of such duties; or ‘‘(B) be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, as authorized by section 5703 of title 5. ‘‘(d) ACCEPTANCE OF VOLUNTEER SERV-
ICES.—A member of a committee established under this chapter may serve on such com-mittee on a voluntary basis without pay without regard to section 1342 of title 31 or any other law. ‘‘(e) S
TATUS OF MEMBERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), with respect to a member of a committee established under this chapter whom the Secretary appoints to represent an entity or group— ‘‘(A) the member is authorized to represent the interests of the applicable entity or group; and ‘‘(B) requirements under Federal law that would interfere with such representation and that apply to a special Government em-ployee (as defined in section 202(a) of title 18), including requirements relating to em-ployee conduct, political activities, ethics, conflicts of interest, and corruption, do not apply to the member. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding sub-section (b), a member of a committee estab-lished under this chapter shall be treated as a special Government employee for purposes of the committee service of the member if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary appointed the member to represent the general public; or ‘‘(B) the member, without regard to service on the committee, is a special Government employee. ‘‘(f) S
ERVICE ON COMMITTEE .— ‘‘(1) S
OLICITATION OF NOMINATIONS .—Before appointing an individual as a member of a committee established under this chapter, the Secretary shall publish, in the Federal Register, a timely notice soliciting nomina-tions for membership on such committee. ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—After considering nomi-nations received pursuant to a notice pub-lished under paragraph (1), the Secretary may, as necessary, appoint a member to the applicable committee established under this chapter. ‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION .—The Secretary shall not seek, consider, or otherwise use information concerning the political affiliation of a nominee in making an appointment to any committee established under this chapter. ‘‘(3) S
ERVICE AT PLEASURE OF THE SEC -
RETARY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each member of a com-mittee established under this chapter shall serve at the pleasure of the Secretary. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding sub-paragraph (A), a member of the committee established under section 15102 may only be removed prior to the end of the term of that member for just cause. ‘‘(4) S
ECURITY BACKGROUND EXAMINATIONS .— The Secretary may require an individual to have passed an appropriate security back-ground examination before appointment to a committee established under this chapter. ‘‘(5) P
ROHIBITION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), a Federal employee may not be appointed as a member of a com-mittee established under this chapter. ‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE FOR NATIONAL MERCHANT  
MARINE PERSONNEL ADVISORY COMMITTEE .— The Secretary may appoint a Federal em-ployee to serve as a member of the National Merchant Marine Personnel Advisory Com-mittee to represent the interests of the United States Merchant Marine Academy and, notwithstanding paragraphs (1) and (2), may do so without soliciting, receiving, or considering nominations for such appoint-ment. ‘‘(6) T
ERMS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6853 October 11, 2018 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term of each mem-ber of a committee established under this chapter shall expire on December 31 of the third full year after the effective date of the appointment. ‘‘(B) C
ONTINUED SERVICE AFTER TERM .— When the term of a member of a committee established under this chapter ends, the member, for a period not to exceed 1 year, may continue to serve as a member until a successor is appointed. ‘‘(7) V
ACANCIES .—A vacancy on a com-mittee established under this chapter shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. ‘‘(8) S
PECIAL RULE FOR REAPPOINTMENTS .— Notwithstanding paragraphs (1) and (2), the Secretary may reappoint a member of a com-mittee established under this chapter for any term, other than the first term of the mem-ber, without soliciting, receiving, or consid-ering nominations for such appointment. ‘‘(g) S
TAFF SERVICES .—The Secretary shall furnish to each committee established under this chapter any staff and services consid-ered by the Secretary to be necessary for the conduct of the committee’s functions. ‘‘(h) C
HAIRMAN ; VICECHAIRMAN .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each committee estab-lished under this chapter shall elect a Chair-man and Vice Chairman from among the committee’s members. ‘‘(2) V
ICE CHAIRMAN ACTING AS CHAIRMAN .— The Vice Chairman shall act as Chairman in the absence or incapacity of, or in the event of a vacancy in the office of, the Chairman. ‘‘(i) S
UBCOMMITTEES AND WORKING  G
ROUPS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chairman of a com-mittee established under this chapter may establish and disestablish subcommittees and working groups for any purpose con-sistent with the function of the committee. ‘‘(2) P
ARTICIPANTS .—Subject to conditions imposed by the Chairman, members of a committee established under this chapter and additional persons drawn from entities or groups designated by this chapter to be represented on the committee or the general public may be assigned to subcommittees and working groups established under para-graph (1). ‘‘(3) C
HAIR.—Only committee members may chair subcommittees and working groups es-tablished under paragraph (1). ‘‘(j) C
ONSULTATION , ADVICE , REPORTS , AND R
ECOMMENDATIONS .— ‘‘(1) C
ONSULTATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Before taking any sig-nificant action, the Secretary shall consult with, and consider the information, advice, and recommendations of, a committee estab-lished under this chapter if the function of the committee is to advise the Secretary on matters related to the significant action. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION .—For purposes of this para-graph, regulations proposed under chapter 45 of this title are significant actions. ‘‘(2) A
DVICE , REPORTS , AND RECOMMENDA -
TIONS .—Each committee established under this chapter shall submit, in writing, to the Secretary its advice, reports, and rec-ommendations, in a form and at a frequency determined appropriate by the committee. ‘‘(3) E
XPLANATION OF ACTIONS TAKEN .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the Secretary receives recommendations from a committee under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) publish the recommendations on a website accessible at no charge to the public; ‘‘(B) if the recommendations are from the committee established under section 15102, establish a mechanism for the submission of public comments on the recommendations; and ‘‘(C) respond, in writing, to the committee regarding the recommendations, including by providing an explanation of actions taken regarding the recommendations. ‘‘(4) SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate the advice, reports, and recommendations re-ceived from committees under paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL SUBMISSION .—With respect to a committee established under section 70112 and to which this section applies, the Secretary shall submit the advice, reports, and recommendations received from the committee under paragraph (2) to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives in addition to the commit-tees specified in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(k) O
BSERVERS .—Any Federal agency with matters under such agency’s administrative jurisdiction related to the function of a com-mittee established under this chapter may designate a representative to— ‘‘(1) attend any meeting of such com-mittee; and ‘‘(2) participate as an observer at meetings of such committee that relate to such a mat-ter. ‘‘(l) T
ERMINATION .—Each committee estab-lished under this chapter shall terminate on September 30, 2027.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for subtitle II of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to chapter 147 the following: ‘‘Part K–National Maritime Transportation Advisory Committees ‘‘151. National Maritime Transpor-tation Advisory Committees.........15101’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) C
OMMERCIAL FISHING SAFETY ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE .—Section 4508 of title 46, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 45 of that title, are repealed. (2) M
ERCHANT MARINER MEDICAL ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE .—Section 7115 of title 46, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 71 of that title, are repealed. (3) M
ERCHANT MARINE PERSONNEL ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE .— (A) R
EPEAL .—Section 8108 of title 46, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 81 of that title, are repealed. (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 7510(c)(1)(C) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘National’’ before ‘‘Merchant Marine’’. (4) N
ATIONAL BOATING SAFETY ADVISORY  
COUNCIL .— (A) R
EPEAL .—Section 13110 of title 46, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 131 of that title, are repealed. (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (i) R
EGULATIONS .—Section 4302(c)(4) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Council established under section 13110 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘Committee es-tablished under section 15105 of this title’’. (ii) R
EPAIR AND REPLACEMENT OF DE -
FECTS .—Section 4310(f) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Advi-sory Council’’ and inserting ‘‘Advisory Com-mittee’’. (5) N
AVIGATION SAFETY ADVISORY COUNCIL .— Section 5 of the Inland Navigational Rules Act of 1980 (33 U.S.C. 2073) is repealed. (6) T
OWING SAFETY ADVISORY COMMITTEE .— (A) R
EPEAL .—Public Law 96–380 (33 U.S.C. 1231a) is repealed. (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (i) R
EDUCTION OF OIL SPILLS FROM SINGLE  
HULL NON -SELF-PROPELLED TANK VESSELS .— Section 3719 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘National’’ before ‘‘Towing Safety’’. (ii) SAFETY EQUIPMENT .—Section 4102(f)(1) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘National’’ before ‘‘Towing Safe-ty’’. (d) T
REATMENT OF EXISTING COUNCILS AND  C
OMMITTEES .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law— (1) an advisory council or committee sub-stantially similar to an advisory committee established under chapter 151 of title 46, United States Code, as added by this Act, and that was in force or in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this section, including a council or committee the author-ity for which was repealed under subsection (c), may remain in force or in effect for a pe-riod of 2 years from the date of enactment of this section, including that the charter, membership, and other aspects of the council or committee may remain in force or in ef-fect; and (2) during the 2-year period referenced in paragraph (1)— (A) requirements relating to the applicable advisory committee established under chap-ter 151 of title 46, United States Code, shall be treated as satisfied by the substantially similar advisory council or committee; and (B) the enactment of this section, includ-ing the amendments made in this section, shall not be the basis— (i) to deem, find, or declare such council or committee, including the charter, member-ship, and other aspects thereof, void, not in force, or not in effect; (ii) to suspend the activities of such coun-cil or committee; or (iii) to bar the members of such council or committee from meeting. 
SEC. 602. MARITIME SECURITY ADVISORY COM-MITTEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 70112 of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 70112. Maritime Security Advisory Commit-tees ‘‘(a) N
ATIONAL MARITIME SECURITY ADVI-
SORY COMMITTEE .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Maritime Security Advisory Com-mittee (in this subsection referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(2) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall ad-vise the Secretary on matters relating to na-tional maritime security, including on en-hancing the sharing of information related to cybersecurity risks that may cause a transportation security incident, between relevant Federal agencies and— ‘‘(A) State, local, and tribal governments; ‘‘(B) relevant public safety and emergency response agencies; ‘‘(C) relevant law enforcement and security organizations; ‘‘(D) maritime industry; ‘‘(E) port owners and operators; and ‘‘(F) terminal owners and operators. ‘‘(3) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of at least 8 members, but not more than 21 members, appointed by the Secretary in accordance with this subsection and sec-tion 15109 of this title. ‘‘(B) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Committee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(C) R
EPRESENTATION .—Each of the fol-lowing shall be represented by at least 1 member of the Committee: ‘‘(i) Port authorities. ‘‘(ii) Facilities owners and operators. ‘‘(iii) Terminal owners and operators. ‘‘(iv) Vessel owners and operators. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6854 October 11, 2018 
‘‘(v) Maritime labor organizations. ‘‘(vi) The academic community. ‘‘(vii) State and local governments. ‘‘(viii) The maritime industry. ‘‘(D) D
ISTRIBUTION .—If the Committee con-sists of at least 8 members who, together, satisfy the minimum representation require-ments of subparagraph (C), the Secretary shall, based on the needs of the Coast Guard, determine the number of additional members of the Committee who represent each entity specified in that subparagraph. Neither this subparagraph nor any other provision of law shall be construed to require an equal dis-tribution of members representing each enti-ty specified in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(4) A
DMINISTRATION .—For purposes of sec-tion 15109 of this title, the Committee shall be treated as a committee established under chapter 151 of such title. ‘‘(b) A
REA MARITIME SECURITY ADVISORY  C
OMMITTEES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary may— ‘‘(i) establish an Area Maritime Security Advisory Committee for any port area of the United States; and ‘‘(ii) request such a committee to review the proposed Area Maritime Transportation Security Plan developed under section 70103(b) and make recommendations to the Secretary that the committee considers ap-propriate. ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL FUNCTIONS AND MEET -
INGS.—A committee established under this subsection for an area— ‘‘(i) may advise, consult with, report to, and make recommendations to the Secretary on matters relating to maritime security in that area; ‘‘(ii) may make available to the Congress recommendations that the committee makes to the Secretary; and ‘‘(iii) shall meet at the call of— ‘‘(I) the Secretary, who shall call such a meeting at least once during each calendar year; or ‘‘(II) a majority of the committee. ‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each committee estab-lished under this subsection shall consist of at least 7 members appointed by the Sec-retary, each of whom has at least 5 years practical experience in maritime security operations. ‘‘(B) T
ERMS .—The term of each member of a committee established under this sub-section shall be for a period of not more than 5 years, specified by the Secretary. ‘‘(C) N
OTICE .—Before appointing an indi-vidual to a position on a committee estab-lished under this subsection, the Secretary shall publish a notice in the Federal Register soliciting nominations for membership on the committee. ‘‘(D) B
ACKGROUND EXAMINATIONS .—The Sec- retary may require an individual to have passed an appropriate security background examination before appointment to a com-mittee established under this subsection. ‘‘(E) R
EPRESENTATION .—Each committee established under this subsection shall be composed of individuals who represent the interests of the port industry, terminal oper-ators, port labor organizations, and other users of the port areas. ‘‘(3) C
HAIRPERSON AND VICE CHAIRPERSON .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each committee estab-lished under this subsection shall elect 1 of the committee’s members as the Chairperson and 1 of the committee’s members as the Vice Chairperson. ‘‘(B) V
ICE CHAIRPERSON ACTING AS CHAIR -
PERSON .—The Vice Chairperson shall act as Chairperson in the absence or incapacity of the Chairperson, or in the event of a vacancy in the office of the Chairperson. ‘‘(4) OBSERVERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, and the head of any other interested Federal agency may, designate a representative to participate as an observer with a committee established under this subsection. ‘‘(B) R
OLE.—The Secretary’s designated representative to a committee established under this subsection shall act as the execu-tive secretary of the committee and shall perform the duties set forth in section 10(c) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). ‘‘(5) C
ONSIDERATION OF VIEWS .—The Sec- retary shall consider the information, ad-vice, and recommendations of each com-mittee established under this subsection in formulating policy regarding matters affect-ing maritime security. ‘‘(6) C
OMPENSATION AND EXPENSES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A member of a com-mittee established under this subsection, when attending meetings of the committee or when otherwise engaged in the business of the committee, is entitled to receive— ‘‘(i) compensation at a rate fixed by the Secretary, not exceeding the daily equiva-lent of the current rate of basic pay in effect for GS–15 of the General Schedule under sec-tion 5332 of title 5 including travel time; and ‘‘(ii) travel or transportation expenses under section 5703 of title 5. ‘‘(B) S
TATUS .—A member of a committee established under this subsection shall not be considered to be an officer or employee of the United States for any purpose based on the receipt of any payment under this para-graph. ‘‘(7) FACA.—The Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) does not apply to a committee established under this sub-section.’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF EXISTING COMMITTEE .— Notwithstanding any other provision of law— (1) an advisory committee substantially similar to the National Maritime Security Advisory Committee established under sec-tion 70112(a) of title 46, United States Code, as amended by this section, and that was in force or in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this section, may remain in force or in effect for a period of 2 years from the date of enactment of this section, includ-ing that the charter, membership, and other aspects of the committee may remain in force or in effect; and (2) during the 2-year period referenced in paragraph (1)— (A) requirements relating to the National Maritime Security Advisory Committee es-tablished under section 70112(a) of title 46, United States Code, as amended by this sec-tion, shall be treated as satisfied by the sub-stantially similar advisory committee; and (B) the enactment of this section, includ-ing the amendments made in this section, shall not be the basis— (i) to deem, find, or declare such com-mittee, including the charter, membership, and other aspects thereof, void, not in force, or not in effect; (ii) to suspend the activities of such com-mittee; or (iii) to bar the members of such committee from meeting. TITLE VII—FEDERAL MARITIME COMMISSION 
SEC. 701. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Maritime Commission Authorization Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 702. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 308 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$24,700,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘$28,012,310 for fiscal year 2018 and $28,544,543 for fiscal year 2019’’. SEC. 703. REPORTING ON IMPACT OF ALLIANCES ON COMPETITION. 
Section 306 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) an analysis of the impacts on competi-tion for the purchase of certain covered serv-ices by alliances of ocean common carriers acting pursuant to an agreement under this part between or among ocean common car-riers, including a summary of actions, in-cluding corrective actions, taken by the Commission to promote such competition.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) D
EFINITION OF CERTAIN COVERED SERV-
ICES.—In this section, the term ‘certain cov-ered services’ has the meaning given the term in section 40102.’’. 
SEC. 704. DEFINITION OF CERTAIN COVERED SERVICES. 
Section 40102 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (25) as paragraphs (6) through (26), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (4), the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) C
ERTAIN COVERED SERVICES .—For pur- poses of sections 41105 and 41307, the term ‘certain covered services’ means, with re-spect to a vessel— ‘‘(A) the berthing or bunkering of the ves-sel; ‘‘(B) the loading or unloading of cargo to or from the vessel to or from a point on a wharf or terminal; ‘‘(C) the positioning, removal, or replace-ment of buoys related to the movement of the vessel; and ‘‘(D) with respect to injunctive relief under section 41307, towing vessel services provided to such a vessel.’’. 
SEC. 705. REPORTS FILED WITH THE COMMIS-SION. 
Section 40104(a) of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Federal Maritime Commission may require a common carrier or marine terminal operator, or an officer, receiver, trustee, lessee, agent, or employee of the common carrier or marine terminal operator to file with the Commission a peri-odical or special report, an account, record, rate, or charge, or a memorandum of facts and transactions related to the business of the common carrier or marine terminal op-erator, as applicable. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Any report, account, record, rate, charge, or memorandum re-quired to be filed under paragraph (1) shall— ‘‘(A) be made under oath if the Commission requires; and ‘‘(B) be filed in the form and within the time prescribed by the Commission. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—The Commission shall— ‘‘(A) limit the scope of any filing ordered under this section to fulfill the objective of the order; and ‘‘(B) provide a reasonable period of time for respondents to respond based upon their capabilities and the scope of the order.’’. 
SEC. 706. PUBLIC PARTICIPATION. 
(a) N OTICE OF FILING .—Section 40304(a) of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) N
OTICE OF FILING .—Not later than 7 days after the date an agreement is filed, the Federal Maritime Commission shall— ‘‘(1) transmit a notice of the filing to the Federal Register for publication; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6855 October 11, 2018 
‘‘(2) request interested persons to submit relevant information and documents.’’. (b) R
EQUEST FOR INFORMATION AND DOCU-
MENTS .—Section 40304(d) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘part’’. (c) S
AVING CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-tion, or the amendments made by this sec-tion, may be construed— (1) to prevent the Federal Maritime Com-mission from requesting from a person, at any time, any additional information or doc-uments the Commission considers necessary to carry out chapter 403 of title 46, United States Code; (2) to prescribe a specific deadline for the submission of relevant information and doc-uments in response to a request under sec-tion 40304(a)(2) of title 46, United States Code; or (3) to limit the authority of the Commis-sion to request information under section 40304(d) of title 46, United States Code. 
SEC. 707. OCEAN TRANSPORTATION INTER-MEDIARIES. 
(a) L ICENSE REQUIREMENT .—Section 40901(a) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘advertise, hold oneself out, or’’ after ‘‘may not’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—Section 40901 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) A
PPLICABILITY .—Subsection (a) and section 40902 do not apply to a person that performs ocean transportation intermediary services on behalf of an ocean transportation intermediary for which it is a disclosed agent.’’. (c) F
INANCIAL RESPONSIBILITY .—Section 40902(a) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘advertise, hold one-self out, or’’ after ‘‘may not’’. 
SEC. 708. COMMON CARRIERS. 
(a) Section 41104 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’ before ‘‘A common carrier’’; (2) in subsection (a), as designated— (A) by amending paragraph (11) to read as follows: ‘‘(11) knowingly and willfully accept cargo from or transport cargo for the account of a non-vessel-operating common carrier that does not have a tariff as required by section 40501 of this title, or an ocean transportation intermediary that does not have a bond, in-surance, or other surety as required by sec-tion 40902 of this title;’’; (B) in paragraph (12), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) continue to participate simulta-neously in a rate discussion agreement and an agreement to share vessels, in the same trade, if the interplay of the authorities ex-ercised by the specified agreements is likely, by a reduction in competition, to produce an unreasonable reduction in transportation service or an unreasonable increase in trans-portation cost.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, there is no private right of action to enforce the pro-hibition under subsection (a)(13). ‘‘(c) A
GREEMENT VIOLATION .—Participants in an agreement found by the Commission to violate subsection (a)(13) shall have 90 days from the date of such Commission finding to withdraw from the agreement as necessary to comply with that subsection.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION .—Section 41104(a)(13) of title 46, United States Code, as amended, shall apply to any agreement filed or with an effective date before, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act. SEC. 709. NEGOTIATIONS. 
(a) C ONCERTED ACTION .—Section 41105 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (8) as paragraphs (7) through (10), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) negotiate with a tug or towing vessel service provider on any matter relating to rates or services provided within the United States by those tugs or towing vessels; ‘‘(6) with respect to a vessel operated by an ocean common carrier within the United States, negotiate for the purchase of certain covered services, unless the negotiations and any resulting agreements are not in viola-tion of the antitrust laws and are consistent with the purposes of this part, except that this paragraph does not prohibit the setting and publishing of a joint through rate by a conference, joint venture, or association of ocean common carriers;’’. (b) A
UTHORITY .—Chapter 411 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting after section 41105 the fol-lowing: ‘‘§ 41105A. Authority ‘‘Nothing in section 41105, as amended by the Federal Maritime Commission Author-ization Act of 2017, shall be construed to limit the authority of the Department of Justice regarding antitrust matters.’’; and (2) in the analysis at the beginning of chap-ter 411, by inserting after the item relating to section 41105 the following: ‘‘41105A. Authority.’’. (c) E
XEMPTION .—Section 40307(b)(1) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by insert-ing ‘‘tug operators,’’ after ‘‘motor carriers,’’. 
SEC. 710. INJUNCTIVE RELIEF SOUGHT BY THE COMMISSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 41307(b) of title 46, United States Code is amended— (1) in paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘or to sub-stantially lessen competition in the pur-chasing of certain covered services’’ after ‘‘transportation cost’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) C
OMPETITION FACTORS .—In making a determination under this subsection regard-ing whether an agreement is likely to sub-stantially lessen competition in the pur-chasing of certain covered services, the Com-mission may consider any relevant competi-tion factors in affected markets, including, without limitation, the competitive effect of agreements other than the agreement under review.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION .—Section 41307(b) of title 46, United States Code, as amended, shall apply to any agreement filed or with an ef-fective date before, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 711. DISCUSSIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 303 of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 303. Meetings ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Federal Maritime Commission shall be deemed to be an agency for purposes of section 552b of title 5. ‘‘(b) R
ECORD .—The Commission, through its secretary, shall keep a record of its meet-ings and the votes taken on any action, order, contract, or financial transaction of the Commission. ‘‘(c) N
ONPUBLIC COLLABORATIVE DISCUS -
SIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 552b of title 5, a majority of the Commis-sioners may hold a meeting that is not open to public observation to discuss official agency business if— ‘‘(A) no formal or informal vote or other official agency action is taken at the meet-ing; ‘‘(B) each individual present at the meet-ing is a Commissioner or an employee of the Commission; ‘‘(C) at least 1 Commissioner from each po-litical party is present at the meeting, if ap-plicable; and ‘‘(D) the General Counsel of the Commis-sion is present at the meeting. ‘‘(2) DISCLOSURE OF NONPUBLIC COLLABO -
RATIVE DISCUSSIONS .—Except as provided under paragraph (3), not later than 2 business days after the conclusion of a meeting under paragraph (1), the Commission shall make available to the public, in a place easily ac-cessible to the public— ‘‘(A) a list of the individuals present at the meeting; and ‘‘(B) a summary of the matters discussed at the meeting, except for any matters the Commission properly determines may be withheld from the public under section 552b(c) of title 5. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .—If the Commission prop-erly determines matters may be withheld from the public under section 555b(c) of title 5, the Commission shall provide a summary with as much general information as possible on those matters withheld from the public. ‘‘(4) O
NGOING PROCEEDINGS .—If a meeting under paragraph (1) directly relates to an on-going proceeding before the Commission, the Commission shall make the disclosure under paragraph (2) on the date of the final Com-mission decision. ‘‘(5) P
RESERVATION OF OPEN MEETINGS RE -
QUIREMENTS FOR AGENCY ACTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to limit the applicability of section 552b of title 5 with respect to a meeting of the Commis-sioners other than that described in this sub-section. ‘‘(6) S
TATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed— ‘‘(A) to limit the applicability of section 552b of title 5 with respect to any informa-tion which is proposed to be withheld from the public under paragraph (2)(B) of this sub-section; or ‘‘(B) to authorize the Commission to with-hold from any individual any record that is accessible to that individual under section 552a of title 5.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 3 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by amending the item relating to section 303 to read as fol-lows: ‘‘303. Meetings.’’. 
SEC. 712. TRANSPARENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Federal Maritime Commission shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives biannual reports that describe the Commission’s progress toward addressing the issues raised in each unfinished regulatory proceeding, regardless of whether the pro-ceeding is subject to a statutory or regu-latory deadline. (b) F
ORMAT OF REPORTS .—Each report under subsection (a) shall, among other things, clearly identify for each unfinished regulatory proceeding— (1) the popular title; (2) the current stage of the proceeding; (3) an abstract of the proceeding; (4) what prompted the action in question; (5) any applicable statutory, regulatory, or judicial deadline; (6) the associated docket number; (7) the date the rulemaking was initiated; (8) a date for the next action; and (9) if a date for next action identified in the previous report is not met, the reason for the delay. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6856 October 11, 2018 
SEC. 713. STUDY OF BANKRUPTCY PREPARATION AND RESPONSE. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study that examines the immediate aftermath of a major ocean carrier bankruptcy and its im-pact through the supply chain. The study shall consider any financial mechanisms that could be used to mitigate the impact of any future bankruptcy events on the supply chain. (b) R
EPORT .—No later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report containing the findings, con-clusions, and recommendations, if any, from the study required under subsection (a). 
SEC. 714. AGREEMENTS UNAFFECTED. 
Nothing in this Act may be construed— (1) to limit or amend the definition of ‘‘agreement’’ in section 40102(1) of title 46, United States Code, with respect to the ex-clusion of maritime labor agreements; or (2) to apply to a maritime labor agreement (as defined in section 40102(15) of that title). TITLE VIII—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 801. REPEAL OF OBSOLETE REPORTING RE-QUIREMENT. 
Subsection (h) of section 888 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 468) is re-pealed. 
SEC. 802. CORRECTIONS TO PROVISIONS EN-ACTED BY COAST GUARD AUTHOR-IZATION ACTS. 
Section 604(b) of the Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–281; 128 Stat. 3061) is amended by inserting ‘‘and fishery endorse-ment’’ after ‘‘endorsement’’. 
SEC. 803. OFFICER EVALUATION REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall reduce lieutenant junior grade evaluation re-ports to the same length as an ensign or place lieutenant junior grade evaluations on an annual schedule. (b) S
URVEYS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall con-duct surveys of— (1) outgoing promotion board members and assignment officers to determine, at a min-imum— (A) which sections of the officer evaluation report were most useful; (B) which sections of the officer evaluation report were least useful; (C) how to better reflect high performers; and (D) any recommendations for improving the officer evaluation report; and (2) at least 10 percent of the officers from each grade of officers from O1 to O6 to deter-mine how much time each member of the rating chain spends on that member’s por-tion of the officer evaluation report. (c) R
EVISIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 4 years after the date of the completion of the sur-veys required by subsection (b), the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard shall revise the officer evaluation report, and provide cor-responding directions, taking into account the requirements under paragraph (2). (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In revising the officer evaluation report under paragraph (1), the Commandant shall— (A) consider the findings of the surveys under subsection (b); (B) improve administrative efficiency; (C) reduce and streamline performance di-mensions and narrative text; (D) eliminate redundancy with the officer specialty management system and any other record information systems that are used during the officer assignment or promotion process; (E) provide for fairness and equity for Coast Guard officers with regard to pro-motion boards, selection panels, and the as-signment process; and (F) ensure officer evaluation responsibil-ities can be accomplished within normal working hours— (i) to minimize any impact to officer du-ties; and (ii) to eliminate any need for an officer to take liberty or leave for administrative pur-poses. (d) REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 545 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report on the findings of the surveys under subsection (b). (2) F
ORMAT .—The report under paragraph (1) shall be formatted by each rank, type of board, and position, as applicable. 
SEC. 804. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY. 
Section 404 of the Coast Guard Authoriza-tion Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–281; 124 Stat. 2950) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the text preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘sections 3304, 5333, and 5753’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3304’’; and (2) by striking subsection (b), and redesig-nating subsection (c) as subsection (b). 
SEC. 805. COAST GUARD ROTC PROGRAM. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the costs and benefits of creating a Coast Guard Reserve Officers’ Training Corps Program based on the other Armed Forces programs. 
SEC. 806. CURRENCY DETECTION CANINE TEAM PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
ANINE CURRENCY DETECTION TEAM .—The term ‘‘canine currency detection team’’ means a canine and a canine handler that are trained to detect currency. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. (b) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a program to allow the use of canine currency detection teams for purposes of Coast Guard maritime law enforcement, including underway vessel boardings. (c) O
PERATION .—The Secretary may co-operate with, or enter into an agreement with, the head of another Federal agency to meet the requirements under subsection (b). 
SEC. 807. CENTER OF EXPERTISE FOR GREAT LAKES OIL SPILL SEARCH AND RE-SPONSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall estab-lish a Center of Expertise for Great Lakes Oil Spill Preparedness and Response (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Center of Ex-pertise’’) in accordance with section 313 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act. (b) L
OCATION .—The Center of Expertise shall be located in close proximity to— (1) critical crude oil transportation infra-structure on and connecting the Great Lakes, such as submerged pipelines and high- traffic navigation locks; and (2) an institution of higher education with adequate aquatic research laboratory facili-ties and capabilities and expertise in Great Lakes aquatic ecology, environmental chem-istry, fish and wildlife, and water resources. (c) FUNCTIONS .—The Center of Expertise shall— (1) monitor and assess, on an ongoing basis, the current state of knowledge regard-ing freshwater oil spill response technologies and the behavior and effects of oil spills in the Great Lakes; (2) identify any significant gaps in Great Lakes oil spill research, including an assess-ment of major scientific or technological de-ficiencies in responses to past spills in the Great Lakes and other freshwater bodies, and seek to fill those gaps; (3) conduct research, development, testing, and evaluation for freshwater oil spill re-sponse equipment, technologies, and tech-niques to mitigate and respond to oil spills in the Great Lakes; (4) educate and train Federal, State, and local first responders located in Coast Guard District 9 in— (A) the incident command system struc-ture; (B) Great Lakes oil spill response tech-niques and strategies; and (C) public affairs; and (5) work with academic and private sector response training centers to develop and standardize maritime oil spill response training and techniques for use on the Great Lakes. (d) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘Great Lakes’’ means Lake Superior, Lake Michigan, Lake Huron, Lake Erie, and Lake Ontario. 
SEC. 808. PUBLIC SAFETY ANSWERING POINTS AND MARITIME SEARCH AND RES-CUE COORDINATION. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act— (1) the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating acting through the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall review Coast Guard policies and proce-dures for public safety answering points and search-and-rescue coordination with State and local law enforcement entities in order to— (A) further minimize the possibility of maritime 911 calls being improperly routed; and (B) assure the Coast Guard is able to effec-tively carry out the Coast Guard’s maritime search and rescue mission; and (2) the Commandant shall— (A) formulate a national maritime public safety answering points policy; and (B) submit a report to the Congress on such assessment and policy, which shall include an update to the report submitted in accord-ance with section 233 of the Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014. 
SEC. 809. SHIP SHOAL LIGHTHOUSE TRANSFER: REPEAL. 
Effective January 1, 2021, section 27 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 1991 (Pub-lic Law 102–241; 105 Stat. 2218) is repealed. 
SEC. 810. LAND EXCHANGE, AYAKULIK ISLAND, ALASKA. 
(a) L AND EXCHANGE ; A YAKULIK ISLAND , A
LASKA .—If the owner of Ayakulik Island, Alaska, offers to exchange the Island for the Tract— (1) within 10 days after receiving such offer, the Secretary shall provide notice of the offer to the Commandant; (2) within 90 days after receiving the notice under paragraph (1), the Commandant shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6857 October 11, 2018 
develop and transmit to the Secretary pro-posed operational restrictions on commer-cial activity conducted on the Tract, includ-ing the right of the Commandant to— (A) order the immediate termination, for a period of up to 72 hours, of any activity oc-curring on or from the Tract that violates or threatens to violate one or more of such re-strictions; or (B) commence a civil action for appro-priate relief, including a permanent or tem-porary injunction enjoining the activity that violates or threatens to violate such restric-tions; (3) within 90 days after receiving the pro-posed operational restrictions from the Com-mandant, the Secretary shall transmit such restrictions to the owner of Ayakulik Island; and (4) within 30 days after transmitting the proposed operational restrictions to the owner of Ayakulik Island, and if the owner agrees to such restrictions, the Secretary shall convey all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Tract to the owner, subject to an easement granted to the Commandant to enforce such restrictions, in exchange for all right, title, and interest of such owner in and to Ayakulik Island. (b) B
OUNDARY REVISIONS .—The Secretary may make technical and conforming revi-sions to the boundaries of the Tract before the date of the exchange. (c) P
UBLIC LAND ORDER .—Effective on the date of an exchange under subsection (a), Public Land Order 5550 shall have no force or effect with respect to submerged lands that are part of the Tract. (d) F
AILURE TO TIMELY RESPOND TO NO-
TICE.—If the Commandant does not transmit proposed operational restrictions to the Sec-retary within 30 days after receiving the no-tice under subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall, by not later than 60 days after trans-mitting such notice, convey all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Tract to the owner of Ayakulik Island in exchange for all right, title, and interest of such owner in and to Ayakulik Island. (e) CERCLA N
OTAFFECTED .—This section and an exchange under this section shall not be construed to limit the application of or otherwise affect section 120(h) of the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)). (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OMMANDANT .—The term ‘‘Com-mandant’’ means the Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating, acting through the Commandant of the Coast Guard. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (3) T
RACT .—The term ‘‘Tract’’ means the land (including submerged land) depicted as ‘‘PROPOSED PROPERTY EXCHANGE AREA’’ on the survey titled ‘‘PROPOSED PROPERTY EXCHANGE PARCEL’’ and dated 3/22/17. 
SEC. 811. USE OF TRACT 43. 
Section 524(e)(2) of the Pribilof Island Transition Completion Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–120), as amended by section 3533 of the Pribilof Island Transition Completion Amendments Act of 2016 (subtitle B of title XXXV of Public Law 114-328), is amended by— (1) striking ‘‘each month’’ and inserting ‘‘each April and October’’; and (2) striking ‘‘previous month’’ and insert-ing ‘‘previous six months’’. 
SEC. 812. COAST GUARD MARITIME DOMAIN AWARENESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall seek to enter into an arrange-ment with the National Academy of Sciences not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act under which the Acad-emy shall prepare an assessment of available unmanned, autonomous, or remotely con-trolled maritime domain awareness tech-nologies for use by the Coast Guard. (b) ASSESSMENT .—The assessment shall— (1) describe the potential limitations of current and emerging unmanned tech-nologies used in the maritime domain for— (A) ocean observation; (B) vessel monitoring and identification; (C) weather observation; (D) to the extent practicable for consider-ation by the Academy, intelligence gath-ering, surveillance, and reconnaissance; and (E) communications; (2) examine how technologies described in paragraph (1) can help prioritize Federal in-vestment by examining; (A) affordability, including acquisition, op-erations, and maintenance; (B) reliability; (C) versatility; (D) efficiency; and (E) estimated service life and persistence of effort; and (3) analyze whether the use of new and emerging maritime domain awareness tech-nologies can be used to— (A) carry out Coast Guard missions at lower costs; (B) expand the scope and range of Coast Guard maritime domain awareness; (C) allow the Coast Guard to more effi-ciently and effectively allocate Coast Guard vessels, aircraft, and personnel; and (D) identify adjustments that would be necessary in Coast Guard policies, proce-dures, and protocols to incorporate un-manned technologies to enhance efficiency. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after entering into an arrangement with the Secretary under subsection (a), the National Academy of Sciences shall submit the assessment prepared under this section to the Committees on Transportation and In-frastructure and Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. (d) U
SE OF INFORMATION .—In formulating costs pursuant to subsection (b), the Na-tional Academy of Sciences may utilize in-formation from other Coast Guard reports, assessments, or analyses regarding existing Coast Guard manpower requirements or other reports, assessments, or analyses for the acquisition of unmanned, autonomous, or remotely controlled technologies by the Federal Government. 
SEC. 813. MONITORING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall conduct a 1-year pilot program to determine the impact of persistent use of dif-ferent types of surveillance systems on ille-gal maritime activities, including illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing, in the Western Pacific region. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The pilot program shall— (1) consider the use of light aircraft-based detection systems that can identify poten-tial illegal activity from high altitudes and produce enforcement-quality evidence at low altitudes; and (2) be directed at detecting and deterring illegal maritime activities, including illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing, and en-hancing maritime domain awareness. 
SEC. 814. REIMBURSEMENTS FOR NON-FEDERAL CONSTRUCTION COSTS OF CERTAIN AIDS TO NAVIGATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of amounts specifically provided in advance in subsequent appropriations Acts and in accordance with this section, the Commandant of the Coast Guard may reim-burse a non-Federal entity for costs incurred by the entity for a covered project. (b) CONDITIONS .—The Commandant may not provide reimbursement under subsection (a) with respect to a covered project unless— (1) the need for the project is a result of the completion of construction with respect to a federally authorized navigation channel; (2) the Commandant determines, through an appropriate navigation safety analysis, that the project is necessary to ensure safe marine transportation; (3) the Commandant approves the design of the project to ensure that it meets all appli-cable Coast Guard aids-to-navigation stand-ards and requirements; (4) the non-Federal entity agrees to trans-fer the project upon completion to the Coast Guard for operation and maintenance by the Coast Guard as a Federal aid to navigation; (5) the non-Federal entity carries out the project in accordance with the same laws and regulations that would apply to the Coast Guard if the Coast Guard carried out the project, including obtaining all permits required for the project under Federal and State law; and (6) the Commandant determines that the project satisfies such additional require-ments as may be established by the Com-mandant. (c) L
IMITATIONS .—Reimbursements under subsection (a) may not exceed the following: (1) For a single covered project, $5,000,000. (2) For all covered projects in a single fis-cal year, $5,000,000. (d) E
XPIRATION .—The authority granted under this section shall expire on the date that is 4 years after the date of enactment of this section. (e) C
OVERED PROJECT DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘covered project’’ means a project carried out— (1) by a non-Federal entity to construct and establish an aid to navigation that fa-cilitates safe and efficient marine transpor-tation on a Federal navigation project au-thorized by title I of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (Public Law 110– 114); and (2) in an area that was affected by Hurri-cane Harvey. 
SEC. 815. TOWING SAFETY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM FEES. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall— (1) review and compare the costs to the Government of— (A) towing vessel inspections performed by the Coast Guard; and (B) such inspections performed by a third party; and (2) based on such review and comparison, determine whether the costs to the Govern-ment of such inspections performed by a third party are different than the costs to the Government of such inspections per-formed by the Coast Guard. (b) R
EVISION OF FEES.—If the Commandant determines under subsection (a) that the costs to the Government of such inspections performed by a third party are different than the costs to the Government of such inspec-tions performed by the Coast Guard, then the Commandant shall revise the fee as-sessed by the Coast Guard for such inspec-tions as necessary to conform to the require-ments under section 9701 of title 31, United States Code, that such fee be based on the cost to the Government of such inspections and accurately reflect such costs. 
SEC. 816. OIL SPILL DISBURSEMENTS AUDITING AND REPORT. 
Section 1012 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2712) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6858 October 11, 2018 
(1) by repealing subsection (g); (2) in subsection (l)(1), by striking ‘‘Within one year after the date of enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010, and annually thereafter,’’ and inserting ‘‘Each year, on the date on which the President sub-mits to Congress a budget under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code,’’; and (3) by amending subsection (l)(2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall include— ‘‘(A) a list of each incident that— ‘‘(i) occurred in the preceding fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) resulted in disbursements from the Fund, for removal costs and damages, total-ing $500,000 or more; ‘‘(B) a list of each incident that— ‘‘(i) occurred in the fiscal year preceding the preceding fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) resulted in disbursements from the Fund, for removal costs and damages, total-ing $500,000 or more; and ‘‘(C) an accounting of any amounts reim-bursed to the Fund in the preceding fiscal year that were recovered from a responsible party for an incident that resulted in dis-bursements from the Fund, for removal costs and damages, totaling $500,000 or more.’’. 
SEC. 817. FLEET REQUIREMENTS ASSESSMENT AND STRATEGY. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, in consultation with in-terested Federal and non-Federal stake-holders, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report including— (1) an assessment of Coast Guard at-sea operational fleet requirements to support its statutory missions established in the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.); and (2) a strategic plan for meeting the require-ments identified under paragraph (1). (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall include— (1) an assessment of— (A) the extent to which the Coast Guard at-sea operational fleet requirements re-ferred to in subsection (a)(1) are currently being met; (B) the Coast Guard’s current fleet, its operational lifespan, and how the anticipated changes in the age and distribution of vessels in the fleet will impact the ability to meet at-sea operational requirements; (C) fleet operations and recommended im-provements to minimize costs and extend operational vessel life spans; and (D) the number of Fast Response Cutters, Offshore Patrol Cutters, and National Secu-rity Cutters needed to meet at-sea oper-ational requirements as compared to planned acquisitions under the current programs of record; (2) an analysis of— (A) how the Coast Guard at-sea operational fleet requirements are currently met, includ-ing the use of the Coast Guard’s current cut-ter fleet, agreements with partners, char-tered vessels, and unmanned vehicle tech-nology; and (B) whether existing and planned cutter programs of record (including the Fast Re-sponse Cutter, Offshore Patrol Cutter, and National Security Cutter) will enable the Coast Guard to meet at-sea operational re-quirements; and (3) a description of— (A) planned manned and unmanned vessel acquisition; and (B) how such acquisitions will change the extent to which the Coast Guard at-sea oper-ational requirements are met. (c) CONSULTATION AND TRANSPARENCY .— (1) C
ONSULTATION .—In consulting with the Federal and non-Federal stakeholders under subsection (a), the Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— (A) provide the stakeholders with opportu-nities for input— (i) prior to initially drafting the report, in-cluding the assessment and strategic plan; and (ii) not later than 3 months prior to final-izing the report, including the assessment and strategic plan, for submission; and (B) document the input and its disposition in the report. (2) T
RANSPARENCY .—All input provided under paragraph (1) shall be made available to the public. (d) E
NSURING MARITIME COVERAGE .—In order to meet Coast Guard mission require-ments for search and rescue, ports, water-ways, and coastal security, and maritime en-vironmental response during recapitalization of Coast Guard vessels, the Coast Guard shall ensure continuity of the coverage, to the maximum extent practicable, in the loca-tions that may lose assets. 
SEC. 818. NATIONAL SECURITY CUTTER. 
(a) S TANDARD METHOD FOR TRACKING .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard may not certify an eighth National Security Cutter as Ready for Operations before the date on which the Commandant provides to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate— (1) a notification of a new standard method for tracking operational employment of Coast Guard major cutters that does not in-clude time during which such a cutter is away from its homeport for maintenance or repair; and (2) a report analyzing cost and performance for different approaches to achieving varied levels of operational employment using the standard method required by paragraph (1) that, at a minimum— (A) compares over a 30-year period the av-erage annualized baseline cost and perform-ances for a certified National Security Cut-ter that operated for 185 days away from homeport or an equivalent alternative meas-ure of operational tempo— (i) against the cost of a 15 percent increase in days away from homeport or an equiva-lent alternative measure of operational tempo for a National Security Cutter; and (ii) against the cost of the acquisition and operation of an additional National Security Cutter; and (B) examines the optimal level of oper-ational employment of National Security Cutters to balance National Security Cutter cost and mission performance. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 221(b) of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2012 (126 Stat. 1560) is repealed. (2) Section 204(c)(1) of the Coast Guard Au-thorization Act of 2016 (130 Stat. 35) is re-pealed. 
SEC. 819. ACQUISITION PLAN FOR INLAND WA-TERWAY AND RIVER TENDERS AND BAY-CLASS ICEBREAKERS. 
(a) A CQUISITION PLAN.—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a plan to replace or extend the life of the Coast Guard fleet of inland wa-terway and river tenders, and the Bay-class icebreakers. (b) CONTENTS .—The plan under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an analysis of the work required to ex-tend the life of vessels described in sub-section (a); (2) recommendations for which, if any, such vessels it is cost effective to undertake a ship-life extension or enhanced mainte-nance program; (3) an analysis of the aids to navigation program to determine if advances in naviga-tion technology may reduce the needs for physical aids to navigation; (4) recommendations for changes to phys-ical aids to navigation and the distribution of such aids that reduce the need for the ac-quisition of vessels to replace the vessels de-scribed in subsection (a); (5) a schedule for the acquisition of vessels to replace the vessels described in subsection (a), including the date on which the first ves-sel will be delivered; (6) the date such acquisition will be com-plete; (7) a description of the order and location of replacement vessels; (8) an estimate of the cost per vessel and of the total cost of the acquisition program of record; and (9) an analysis of whether existing vessels can be used. 
SEC. 820. GREAT LAKES ICEBREAKER ACQUISI-TION. 
(a) I CEBREAKING ON THE GREAT LAKES .—For fiscal years 2018 and 2019, the Commandant of the Coast Guard may use funds made available pursuant to section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, for the construction of an icebreaker that is at least as capable as the Coast Guard Cutter Mackinaw to enhance icebreaking capacity on the Great Lakes. (b) A
CQUISITION PLAN.—Not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall submit a plan to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives for acquiring an icebreaker described in subsections (a) and (b). Such plan shall include— (1) the details and schedule of the acquisi-tion activities to be completed; and (2) a description of how the funding for Coast Guard acquisition, construction, and improvements that was appropriated under the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31) will be allocated to sup-port the acquisition activities referred to in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 821. POLAR ICEBREAKERS. 
(a) E NHANCED MAINTENANCE PROGRAM FOR  
THE POLAR STAR.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall conduct an en-hanced maintenance program on Coast Guard Cutter Polar Star (WAGB–10) to extend the service life of such vessel until at least December 31, 2025. (2) R
EQUIREMENT FOR REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, in consultation with Naval Sea Systems Command, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a detailed report describing a plan to extend the service life of the Coast Guard Cutter Polar Star (WAGB–10) until at least December 31, 2025, through an enhanced maintenance program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6859 October 11, 2018 
(3) C ONTENT .—The report required by para-graph (2) shall include the following: (A) An assessment and discussion of the enhanced maintenance program rec-ommended by the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine’s Com-mittee on Polar Icebreaker Cost Assessment in the letter report ‘‘Acquisition and Oper-ation of Polar Icebreakers: Fulfilling the Na-tion’s Needs’’. (B) An assessment and discussion of the Government Accountability Office’s con-cerns and recommendations regarding serv-ice life extension work on Coast Guard Cut-ter Polar Star (WAGB–10) in the report ‘‘Sta-tus of the Coast Guard’s Polar Icebreaking Fleet Capability and Recapitalization Plan’’. (C) Based upon a materiel condition assess-ment of the Coast Guard Cutter Polar Star (WAGB–10)— (i) a description of the service life exten-sion needs of the vessel; (ii) detailed information regarding planned shipyard work for each fiscal year to meet such needs; and (iii) an estimate of the amount needed to be appropriated to complete the enhanced maintenance program. (D) A plan to ensure the vessel will main-tain seasonally operational status during the enhanced maintenance program. (4) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— The Commandant of the Coast Guard may use funds made available pursuant to section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by section 202 of this Act, for the enhanced maintenance program described in the report required by subsection (a). (b) C
OAST GUARD AND MARITIME TRANSPOR -
TATION ACT OF 2012; A MENDMENT .—Section 222 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Trans-portation Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–213), as amended, is further amended as follows: (1) by striking subsections (a) through (d); (2) by redesignating subsections (e) through (g) as subsections (a) through (c), re-spectively; (3) in subsection (a), as redesignated— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Except as provided in sub-section (c), the Commandant’’ and inserting ‘‘The Commandant’’; (B) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘Polar Sea or’’; (C) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘either of the vessels’’ and inserting ‘‘the Polar Star or the Polar Sea’’; and (D) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘either of the vessels’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘the Polar Star’’. 
SEC. 822. STRATEGIC ASSETS IN THE ARCTIC. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ARCTIC .—In this section, the term ‘‘Arctic’’ has the meaning given the term in section 112 of the Arctic Research and Policy Act of 1984 (15 U.S.C. 4111). (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Arctic continues to grow in signifi-cance to both the national security interests and the economic prosperity of the United States; and (2) the Coast Guard must ensure it is posi-tioned to respond to any accident, incident, or threat with appropriate assets. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and taking into consideration the Department of De-fense 2016 Arctic Strategy, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the progress toward implementing the stra-tegic objectives described in the United States Coast Guard Arctic Strategy dated May 2013. (d) CONTENTS .—The report under sub-section (c) shall include— (1) a description of the Coast Guard’s progress toward each strategic objective identified in the United States Coast Guard Arctic Strategy dated May 2013; (2) an assessment of the assets and infra-structure necessary to meet the strategic ob-jectives identified in the United States Coast Guard Arctic Strategy dated May 2013 based on factors such as— (A) response time; (B) coverage area; (C) endurance on scene; (D) presence; and (E) deterrence; (3) an analysis of the sufficiency of the dis-tribution of National Security Cutters, Off-shore Patrol Cutters, and Fast Response Cut-ters both stationed in various Alaskan ports and in other locations to meet the strategic objectives identified in the United States Coast Guard Arctic Strategy, dated May 2013; (4) plans to provide communications throughout the entire Coastal Western Alas-ka Captain of the Port zone to improve wa-terway safety and mitigate close calls, colli-sions, and other dangerous interactions be-tween the shipping industry and subsistence hunters; (5) plans to prevent marine casualties, when possible, by ensuring vessels avoid en-vironmentally sensitive areas and perma-nent security zones; (6) an explanation of— (A) whether it is feasible to establish a ves-sel traffic service, using existing resources or otherwise; and (B) whether an Arctic Response Center of Expertise is necessary to address the gaps in experience, skills, equipment, resources, training, and doctrine to prepare, respond to, and recover spilled oil in the Arctic; and (7) an assessment of whether sufficient agreements are in place to ensure the Coast Guard is receiving the information it needs to carry out its responsibilities. 
SEC. 823. ARCTIC PLANNING CRITERIA. 
(a) A LTERNATIVE PLANNING CRITERIA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), the Commandant of the Coast Guard may ap-prove a vessel response plan under section 311 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321) for a vessel operating in any area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone (as established by the Commandant) that includes the Arctic, if the Commandant verifies that— (A) equipment required to be available for response under the plan has been tested and proven capable of operating in the environ-mental conditions expected in the area in which it is intended to be operated; and (B) the operators of such equipment have conducted training on the equipment within the area covered by such Captain of the Port Zone. (2) P
OST-APPROVAL REQUIREMENTS .—In ap- proving a vessel response plan under para-graph (1), the Commandant shall— (A) require that the oil spill removal orga-nization identified in the vessel response plan conduct regular exercises and drills using the response resources identified in the plan in the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone that includes the Arctic; and (B) allow such oil spill removal organiza-tion to take credit for a response to an ac-tual spill or release in the area covered by such Captain of the Port Zone, instead of conducting an exercise or drill required under subparagraph (A), if the oil spill re-moval organization— (i) documents which exercise or drill re-quirements were met during the response; and (ii) submits a request for credit to, and re-ceives approval from, the Commandant. (b) REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall sub-mit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report on the oil spill prevention and response capabilities for the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone (as established by the Commandant) that includes the Arc-tic. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of equipment and assets available for response under the vessel re-sponse plans approved for vessels operating in the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone, including details on any providers of such equipment and assets. (B) A description of the location of such equipment and assets, including an estimate of the time to deploy the equipment and as-sets. (C) A determination of how effectively such equipment and assets are distributed throughout the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone. (D) A statement regarding whether the ability to maintain and deploy such equip-ment and assets is taken into account when measuring the equipment and assets avail-able throughout the area covered by the Cap-tain of the Port Zone. (E) A validation of the port assessment visit process and response resource inventory for response under the vessel response plans approved for vessels operating in the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone. (F) A determination of the compliance rate with Federal vessel response plan regula-tions in the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone during the previous 3 years. (G) A description of the resources needed throughout the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone to conduct port assess-ments, exercises, response plan reviews, and spill responses. (c) D
EFINITION OF ARCTIC .—In this section, the term ‘‘Arctic’’ has the meaning given the term under section 112 of the Arctic Re-search and Policy Act of 1984 (15 U.S.C. 4111). 
SEC. 824. VESSEL RESPONSE PLAN AUDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall complete and submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a comprehensive review of the processes and resources used by the Coast Guard to implement vessel response plan requirements under section 311 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321). (b) R
EQUIRED ELEMENTS OF REVIEW .—The review required under subsection (a) shall, at a minimum, include— (1) a study, or an audit if appropriate, of the processes the Coast Guard uses— (A) to approve the vessel response plans re-ferred to in subsection (a); (B) to approve alternate planning criteria used in lieu of National Planning Criteria in approving such plans; (C) to verify compliance with such plans; and (D) to act in the event of a failure to com-ply with the requirements of such plans; (2) an examination of all Federal and State agency resources used by the Coast Guard in carrying out the processes identified under paragraph (1), including— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6860 October 11, 2018 
(A) the current staffing model and organi-zation; (B) data, software, simulators, systems, or other technology, including those pertaining to weather, oil spill trajectory modeling, and risk management; (C) the total amount of time per fiscal year expended by Coast Guard personnel to ap-prove and verify compliance with vessel re-sponse plans; and (D) the average amount of time expended by the Coast Guard for approval of, and verification of compliance with, a single ves-sel response plan; (3) an analysis of how, including by what means or methods, the processes identified under paragraph (1)— (A) ensure compliance with applicable law; (B) are implemented by the Coast Guard, including at the district and sector levels; (C) are informed by public comment and engagement with States, Indian Tribes, and other regional stakeholders; (D) ensure availability and adequate oper-ational capability and capacity of required assets and equipment, including in cases in which contractual obligations may limit the availability of such assets and equipment for response; (E) provide for adequate asset and equip-ment mobilization time requirements, par-ticularly with respect to— (i) calculation and establishment of such requirements; (ii) verifying compliance with such re-quirements; and (iii) factoring in weather, including spe-cific regional adverse weather as defined in section 155.1020 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, in calculating, establishing, and verifying compliance with such require-ments; (F) ensure response plan updates and vessel compliance when changes occur in response planning criteria, asset and equipment mobi-lization times, or regional response needs, such as trends in transportation of high gravity oils or changes in vessel traffic vol-ume; and (G) enable effective action by the Coast Guard in the event of a failure to comply with response plan requirements; (4) a determination regarding whether asset and equipment mobilization time re-quirements under approved vessel response plans can be met by the vessels to which they apply; and (5) recommendations for improving the processes identified under paragraph (1), in-cluding recommendations regarding the suf-ficiency of Coast Guard resources dedicated to those processes. 
SEC. 825. WATERS DEEMED NOT NAVIGABLE WATERS OF THE UNITED STATES FOR CERTAIN PURPOSES. 
For purposes of the application of subtitle II of title 46, United States Code, to the Vol- unteer (Hull Number CCA4108), the Illinois and Michigan Canal is deemed to not be nav-igable waters of the United States. 
SEC. 826. DOCUMENTATION OF RECREATIONAL VESSELS. 
Coast Guard personnel performing nonrec-reational vessel documentation functions under subchapter II of chapter 121 of title 46, United States Code, may perform rec-reational vessel documentation under sec-tion 12114 of such title in any fiscal year in which— (1) funds available for Coast Guard oper-ating expenses may not be used for expenses incurred for recreational vessel documenta-tion; (2) fees collected from owners of yachts and credited to such use are insufficient to pay expenses of recreational vessel documenta-tion; and (3) there is a backlog of applications for recreational vessel documentation. SEC. 827. EQUIPMENT REQUIREMENTS; EXEMP-TION FROM THROWABLE PERSONAL FLOTATION DEVICES REQUIRE-MENT. 
Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is op-erating shall— (1) prescribe regulations in part 160 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, that treat a marine throw bag, as that term is commonly used in the commercial whitewater rafting industry, as a type of lifesaving equipment; and (2) revise section 175.17 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, to exempt rafts that are 16 feet or more overall in length from the requirement to carry an additional throwable personal flotation device when such a marine throw bag is onboard and ac-cessible. 
SEC. 828. VISUAL DISTRESS SIGNALS AND ALTER-NATIVE USE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall develop a performance standard for the alternative use and possession of vis-ual distress alerting and locating signals as mandated by carriage requirements for rec-reational boats in subpart C of part 175 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations. (b) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the performance standard for alter-native use and possession of visual distress alerting and locating signals is finalized, the Secretary shall revise part 175 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, to allow for carriage of such alternative signal devices. 
SEC. 829. RADAR REFRESHER TRAINING. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall prescribe a final rule eliminating the requirement that a mariner actively using the mariner’s credential complete an approved refresher or recertification course to maintain a radar observer endorsement. This rulemaking shall be exempt from chap-ters 5 and 6 of title 5, United States Code, and Executive Orders 12866 and 13563. 
SEC. 830. COMMERCIAL FISHING VESSEL SAFETY NATIONAL COMMUNICATIONS PLAN. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR PLAN.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall de-velop and submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a national communications plan for the purposes of— (1) disseminating information to the com-mercial fishing vessel industry; (2) conducting outreach with the commer-cial fishing vessel industry; (3) facilitating interaction with the com-mercial fishing vessel industry; and (4) releasing information collected under section 15102 of title 46, United States Code, as added by this Act, to the commercial fish-ing vessel industry. (b) C
ONTENT .—The plan required by sub-section (a), and each annual update, shall— (1) identify staff, resources, and systems available to the Secretary to ensure the widest dissemination of information to the commercial fishing vessel industry; (2) include a means to document all com-munication and outreach conducted with the commercial fishing vessel industry; and (3) include a mechanism to measure effec-tiveness of such plan. (c) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than one year after submission of the initial plan, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall implement the plan and shall at a minimum— (1) leverage Coast Guard staff, resources, and systems available; (2) monitor implementation nationwide to ensure adherence to plan contents; (3) allow each Captain of the Port to adopt the most effective strategy and means to communicate with commercial fishing vessel industry in that Captain of the Port Zone; (4) document communication and out-reach; and (5) solicit feedback from the commercial fishing vessel industry. (d) REPORT AND UPDATES .—The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— (1) submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report on the effectiveness of the plan to date and any updates to ensure maximum impact of the plan one year after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 4 years thereafter; and (2) include in such report input from indi-vidual Captains of the Port and any feedback received from the commercial fishing vessel industry. 
SEC. 831. ATLANTIC COAST PORT ACCESS ROUTE STUDY RECOMMENDATIONS. 
Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of the Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall notify the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate of action taken to carry out the recommendations contained in the final report issued by the Atlantic Coast Port Ac-cess Route Study (ACPARS) workgroup for which notice of availability was published March 14, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 13307). 
SEC. 832. DRAWBRIDGES. 
Section 5 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act mak-ing appropriations for the construction, re-pair, and preservation of certain public works on rivers and harbors, and for other purposes’’, approved August 18, 1894 (33 U.S.C. 499), is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) T
EMPORARY CHANGES TO DRAWBRIDGE  O
PERATING SCHEDULES .—Notwithstanding section 553 of title 5, United States Code, whenever a temporary change to the oper-ating schedule of a drawbridge, lasting 180 days or less— ‘‘(1) is approved— ‘‘(A) the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— ‘‘(i) issue a deviation approval letter to the bridge owner; and ‘‘(ii) announce the temporary change in— ‘‘(I) the Local Notice to Mariners; ‘‘(II) a broadcast notice to mariners and through radio stations; or ‘‘(III) such other local media as the Sec-retary considers appropriate; and ‘‘(B) the bridge owner, except a railroad bridge owner, shall notify— ‘‘(i) the public by publishing notice of the temporary change in a newspaper of general circulation published in the place where the bridge is located; ‘‘(ii) the department, agency, or office of transportation with jurisdiction over the roadway that abuts the approaches to the bridge; and ‘‘(iii) the law enforcement organization with jurisdiction over the roadway that abuts the approaches to the bridge; or ‘‘(2) is denied, the Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— ‘‘(A) not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the request, provide the bridge 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6861 October 11, 2018 
owner in writing the reasons for the denial, including any supporting data and evidence used to make the determination; and ‘‘(B) provide the bridge owner a reasonable opportunity to address each reason for the denial and resubmit the request. ‘‘(e) D
RAWBRIDGE MOVEMENTS .—The Sec- retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating— ‘‘(1) shall require a drawbridge operator to record each movement of the drawbridge in a logbook; ‘‘(2) may inspect the logbook to ensure drawbridge movement is in accordance with the posted operating schedule; ‘‘(3) shall review whether deviations from the posted operating schedule are impairing vehicular and pedestrian traffic; and ‘‘(4) may determine if the operating sched-ule should be adjusted for efficiency of mari-time or vehicular and pedestrian traffic. ‘‘(f) R
EQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) L
OGBOOKS .—An operator of a draw-bridge built across a navigable river or other water of the United States— ‘‘(A) that opens the draw of such bridge for the passage of a vessel, shall record in a log-book— ‘‘(i) the bridge identification and date of each opening; ‘‘(ii) the bridge tender or operator for each opening; ‘‘(iii) each time it is opened for navigation; ‘‘(iv) each time it is closed for navigation; ‘‘(v) the number and direction of vessels passing through during each opening; ‘‘(vi) the types of vessels passing through during each opening; ‘‘(vii) an estimated or known size (height, length, and beam) of the largest vessel pass-ing through during each opening; ‘‘(viii) for each vessel, the vessel name and registration number if easily observable; and ‘‘(ix) all maintenance openings, malfunc-tions, or other comments; and ‘‘(B) that remains open to navigation but closes to allow for trains to cross, shall record in a logbook— ‘‘(i) the bridge identification and date of each opening and closing; ‘‘(ii) the bridge tender or operator; ‘‘(iii) each time it is opened to navigation; ‘‘(iv) each time it is closed to navigation; and ‘‘(v) all maintenance openings, closings, malfunctions, or other comments. ‘‘(2) M
AINTENANCE OF LOGBOOKS .—A draw- bridge operator shall maintain logbooks re-quired under paragraph (1) for not less than 5 years. ‘‘(3) S
UBMISSION OF LOGBOOKS .—At the re-quest of the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, a draw-bridge operator shall submit to the Sec-retary the logbook required under paragraph (1) as the Secretary considers necessary to carry out this section. ‘‘(4) E
XEMPTION .—The requirements under paragraph (1) shall be exempt from sections 3501 to 3521 of title 44, United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 833. WAIVER. 
Section 8902 of title 46, United States Code, shall not apply to the chain ferry DIANE (United States official number CG002692) when such vessel is operating on the Kala-mazoo River in Saugatuck, Michigan. 
SEC. 834. FIRE-RETARDANT MATERIALS. 
Section 3503 of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 3503. Fire-retardant materials ‘‘(a)(1) A passenger vessel of the United States having berth or stateroom accom-modations for at least 50 passengers shall be granted a certificate of inspection only if— ‘‘(A) the vessel is constructed of fire-re-tardant materials; and ‘‘(B) the vessel— ‘‘(i) is operating engines, boilers, main electrical distribution panels, fuel tanks, oil tanks, and generators that meet current Coast Guard regulations; and ‘‘(ii) is operating boilers and main elec-trical generators that are contained within noncombustible enclosures equipped with fire suppression systems. ‘‘(2) Before December 1, 2028, this sub-section does not apply to any vessel in oper-ation before January 1, 1968, and operating only within the Boundary Line. ‘‘(b)(1) The owner or managing operator of an exempted vessel described in subsection (a)(2) shall— ‘‘(A) notify in writing prospective pas-sengers, prior to purchase, and each crew member that the vessel does not comply with applicable fire safety standards due pri-marily to the wooden construction of pas-senger berthing areas; ‘‘(B) display in clearly legible font promi-nently throughout the vessel, including in each state room the following: ‘THIS VES-SEL FAILS TO COMPLY WITH SAFETY RULES AND REGULATIONS OF THE U.S. COAST GUARD.’; ‘‘(C) acquire prior to the vessel entering service, and maintain, liability insurance in an amount to be prescribed by the Federal Maritime Commission; ‘‘(D) make annual structural alteration to not less than 10 percent of the areas of the vessel that are not constructed of fire retard-ant materials; ‘‘(E) prioritize alterations in galleys, engi-neering areas of the vessel, including all spaces and compartments containing, or ad-jacent to spaces and compartments con-taining, engines, boilers, main electrical dis-tribution panels, fuel tanks, oil tanks, and generators; ‘‘(F) ensure, to the satisfaction of the Sec-retary, that the combustible fire-load has been reduced pursuant to subparagraph (D) during each annual inspection for certifi-cation; ‘‘(G) ensure the vessel has multiple forms of egress off the vessel’s bow and stern; ‘‘(H) provide advance notice to the Coast Guard regarding the structural alterations made pursuant to subparagraph (D) and com-ply with any noncombustible material re-quirements prescribed by the Coast Guard; ‘‘(I) annually notify all ports of call and State emergency management offices of ju-risdiction that the vessel does not comply with the requirement under subsection (a)(1); ‘‘(J) provide crewmembers manning such vessel shipboard training that— ‘‘(i) is specialized for exempted vessels; ‘‘(ii) exceeds requirements related to standards for firefighting training under chapter I of title 46, Code of Federal Regula-tions, as in effect on October 1, 2017; and ‘‘(iii) is approved by the Coast Guard; and ‘‘(K) to the extent practicable, take all steps to retain previously trained crew knowledgeable of such vessel or to hire crew trained in operations aboard exempted ves-sels. ‘‘(2) The owner or managing operator of an exempted vessel described in subsection (a)(2) may not disclaim liability to a pas-senger or crew member of such vessel for death, injury, or any other loss caused by fire due to the negligence of the owner or managing operator. ‘‘(3) The Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) conduct an annual audit and inspec-tion of each exempted vessel described in subsection (a)(2); ‘‘(B) in implementing subparagraph (b)(1)(F), consider, to the extent practicable, the goal of preservation of the historic integ-rity of such vessel in areas carrying or acces-sible to passengers or generally visible to the public; and ‘‘(C) prescribe regulations to carry out this section, including to prescribe the manner in which prospective passengers are to be noti-fied under paragraph (1)(A). ‘‘(4) The penalties provided in section 3504(c) of this title shall apply to a violation of this subsection. ‘‘(c) In addition to otherwise applicable penalties, the Secretary may immediately withdraw a certificate of inspection for an exempted vessel described in subsection (a)(2) that does not comply with any require-ment under subsection (b).’’. SEC. 835. VESSEL WAIVER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Upon the date of enact-ment of this Act and notwithstanding sec-tions 12112(a)(2)(A) and 12113(a)(2) of title 46, United States Code, the Secretary shall issue a certificate of documentation with coast-wise and fishery endorsements to the certifi-cated vessel. (b) R
EPLACEMENT VESSEL .—The certifi-cated vessel shall qualify as a replacement vessel for the vessel ‘‘AMERICA NO.1’’ (United States official number 610654) and not be precluded from operating as an Amendment 80 replacement vessel under the provisions of part 679 of title 50, Code of Fed-eral Regulations. (c) C
OAST GUARD REVIEW AND DETERMINA -
TION.— (1) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall conduct a review of the use of certain foreign fabricated steel components in the hull or superstructure of the certifi-cated vessel. (2) D
ETERMINATION .—Based on the review conducted under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall determine whether the shipyard that constructed the certificated vessel or the purchaser of the certificated vessel knew be-fore such components were procured or in-stalled that the use of such components would violate requirements under sections 12112(a)(2)(A) and 12113(a)(2) of title 46, United States Code. (3) R
EVOCATION .—If the Secretary deter-mines under paragraph (2) that the shipyard that constructed the certificated vessel or the purchaser of the certificated vessel knew before such components were procured or in-stalled that the use of such components would violate requirements under sections 12112(a)(2)(A) and 12113(a)(2) of title 46, United States Code, the Secretary shall im-mediately revoke the certificate of docu-mentation issued under subsection (a). (4) U
SE OF DOCUMENTS .—In conducting the review required under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary may request and review any informa-tion, correspondence, or documents related to the construction of the certificated vessel, including from the shipyard that constructed the certificated vessel and the purchaser of the certificated vessel. (d) T
ERMINATION .—If the contract for pur-chase of the certificated vessel that is in ef-fect on the date of enactment of this Act is terminated, the purchasing party to that contract shall be prohibited from entering into a subsequent contract or agreement for purchase of such vessel. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
ERTIFICATED VESSEL .—The term ‘‘cer-tificated vessel’’ means the vessel America’s Finest (United States official number 1276760). (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, acting through the Commandant of the Coast Guard. 
SEC. 836. TEMPORARY LIMITATIONS. 
(a) L IMITATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Upon the Coast Guard issuing a certificate of documentation with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6862 October 11, 2018 
coastwise and fishery endorsements for the vessel ‘‘AMERICA’S FINEST’’ (United States official number 1276760) and during any period such certificate is in effect, and subject to subsection (b), the total amount of groundfish harvested with respect to sub-paragraph (A) or the total amount of deliv-eries processed from other vessels with re-spect to subparagraph (B) by the vessels de-scribed in paragraph (2) shall not collec-tively exceed— (A) the percentage of the harvest available in any Gulf of Alaska groundfish fisheries (other than fisheries subject to a limited ac-cess privilege program created by the North Pacific Fishery Management Council) that is equivalent to the total harvest by the vessels described in paragraph (2) in those fisheries in the calendar years that a vessel described in paragraph (2) had harvest from 2012 through 2017 relative to the total allowable catch available to such vessels in the cal-endar years 2012 through 2017; or (B) the percentage of processing of deliv-eries from other vessels in any Bering Sea, Aleutian Islands, and Gulf of Alaska ground-fish fisheries (including fisheries subject to a limited access privilege program created by the North Pacific Fishery Management Council, or community development quotas as described in section 305(i) of the Magnu-son-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Man-agement Act (16 U.S.C. 1855(i))) that is equiv-alent to the total processing of such deliv-eries by the vessels described in paragraph (2) in those fisheries in the calendar years 2012 through 2017 relative to the total allow-able catch available in the calendar years 2012 through 2017. (2) A
PPLICABLE VESSELS .—The limitations described in paragraph (1) shall apply, in the aggregate, to— (A) the vessel AMERICA’S FINEST (United States official number 1276760); (B) the vessel US INTREPID (United States official number 604439); (C) the vessel AMERICAN NO. 1 (United States official number 610654); (D) any replacement of a vessel described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C); and (E) any vessel assigned license number LLG3217 under the license limitation pro-gram under part 679 of title 50, Code of Fed-eral Regulations. (b) E
XPIRATION .—The limitations described in subsection (a) shall apply to a groundfish species in Bering Sea, Aleutian Islands, and Gulf of Alaska only until the earlier of— (1) the end of the 6-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act; or (2) the date on which the Secretary of Commerce issues a final rule, based on rec-ommendations developed by the North Pa-cific Fishery Management Council con-sistent with the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), that limits processing deliveries of that groundfish species from other vessels in any Bering Sea, Aleutian Islands, and Gulf of Alaska groundfish fisheries that are not subject to conservation and management measures under section 206 of the American Fisheries Act (16 U.S.C. 1851 note). (c) E
XISTING AUTHORITY .—Except for the measures required by this section, nothing in this title shall be construed to limit the au-thority of the North Pacific Fishery Manage-ment Council or the Secretary of Commerce under the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Con-servation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). 
SEC. 837. TRANSFER OF COAST GUARD PROP-ERTY IN JUPITER ISLAND, FLORIDA, FOR INCLUSION IN HOBE SOUND NA-TIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE. 
(a) T RANSFER .—Administrative jurisdiction over the property described in subsection (b) is transferred to the Secretary of the Inte-rior. (b) PROPERTY DESCRIBED .—The property described in this subsection is real property administered by the Coast Guard in the Town of Jupiter Island, Florida, comprising Parcel #35-38-42-004-000-02590-6 (Bon Air Beach lots 259 and 260 located at 83 North Beach Road) and Parcel #35-38-42-004-000- 02610-2 (Bon Air Beach lots 261 to 267), includ-ing any improvements thereon that are not authorized or required by another provision of law to be conveyed to another person. (c) A
DMINISTRATION .—The property de-scribed in subsection (b) is included in Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge, and shall be administered by the Secretary of the Inte-rior acting through the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. 
SEC. 838. EMERGENCY RESPONSE. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall request the National Off-shore Safety Advisory Committee to exam-ine whether there are unnecessary regu-latory barriers to the use of small passenger vessels, crewboats, and offshore supply ves-sels in disaster response and provide rec-ommendations, as appropriate, to reduce such barriers. 
SEC. 839. DRAWBRIDGES CONSULTATION. 
(a) C ONSULTATION .—In addition and subse-quent to any rulemaking conducted under section 117.8 of title 33, Code of Federal Reg-ulations, related to permanent changes to drawbridge openings that result from Am-trak service between New Orleans, Louisiana and Orlando, Florida, the Commandant shall consult with owners or operators of rail lines used for Amtrak passenger service between New Orleans, Louisiana and Orlando, Florida and affected waterway users on changes to drawbridge operating schedules necessary to facilitate the On Time Performance of pas-senger trains. These changes to schedules shall not impact Coast Guard response times to operational missions. (b) T
IMING .—Consultation in subsection (a) shall occur after commencement of Amtrak passenger service on the rail lines between New Orleans, Louisiana and Orlando, Florida at the following intervals: (1) Not less than 3 months following the commencement of Amtrak passenger service. (2) Not less than 6 months following the commencement of Amtrak passenger service. (c) R
EPORT .—If after conducting the con-sultations required by subsection (b)(2), the Commandant finds that permanent changes to drawbridge operations are necessary to mitigate delays in the movement of trains described in subsection (a) and that those changes do not unreasonably obstruct the navigability of the affected waterways, then the Commandant shall submit those findings to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives. TITLE IX—VESSEL INCIDENTAL DISCHARGE ACT 
SEC. 901. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Vessel Inci-dental Discharge Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 902. PURPOSES; FINDINGS. 
(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this title are— (1) to provide for the establishment of uni-form, environmentally sound standards and requirements for the management of dis-charges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel; (2) to charge the Environmental Protection Agency with primary responsibility for es-tablishing standards relating to the dis-charge of pollutants from vessels; (3) to charge the Coast Guard with primary responsibility for prescribing, administering, and enforcing regulations, consistent with the discharge standards established by the Environmental Protection Agency, for the design, construction, installation, and oper-ation of the equipment and management practices required onboard vessels; and (4) to preserve, in certain circumstances, the flexibility of States, political subdivi-sions, and certain regions with respect to the establishment, administration, and enforce-ment of standards relating to the discharge of pollutants from vessels engaged in mari-time commerce and transportation. (b) FINDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) the Environmental Protection Agency is the principal Federal authority charged under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) with regulating through the issuance of permits for the dis-charge of pollutants into the navigable waters of the United States; (2) the Coast Guard is the principal Federal authority charged with administering, en-forcing, and prescribing regulations relating to the discharge of pollutants from vessels; and (3) during the period of 1973 to 2010— (A) the Environmental Protection Agency promulgated regulations exempting certain discharges incidental to the normal oper-ation of vessels from otherwise applicable permitting requirements of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.); and (B) Congress enacted laws on numerous oc-casions governing the regulation of dis-charges incidental to the normal operation of vessels, including— (i) the Act to Prevent Pollution from Ships (33 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.); (ii) the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.); (iii) the National Invasive Species Act of 1996 (16 U.S.C. 4701 note; Public Law 104–332); (iv) section 415 of the Coast Guard Author-ization Act of 1998 (Public Law 105–383; 112 Stat. 3434) and section 623 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2004 (33 U.S.C. 1901 note; Public Law 108–293), which established interim and permanent require-ments, respectively, for the regulation of vessel discharges of certain bulk cargo res-idue; (v) title XIV of division B of Appendix D of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2001 (Public Law 106–554; 114 Stat. 2763A–315), which prohibited or limited certain vessel discharges in certain areas of Alaska; (vi) section 204 of the Maritime Transpor-tation Security Act of 2002 (33 U.S.C. 1902a), which established requirements for the regu-lation of vessel discharges of agricultural cargo residue material in the form of hold washings; and (vii) title X of the Coast Guard Authoriza-tion Act of 2010 (33 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.), which provided for the implementation of the International Convention on the Control of Harmful Anti-Fouling Systems on Ships, 2001. 
SEC. 903. STANDARDS FOR DISCHARGES INCI-DENTAL TO NORMAL OPERATION OF VESSELS. 
(a) U NIFORM NATIONAL STANDARDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 312 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(p) U
NIFORM NATIONAL STANDARDS FOR  D
ISCHARGES INCIDENTAL TO NORMAL OPER-
ATION OF VESSELS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) A
QUATIC NUISANCE SPECIES .—The term ‘aquatic nuisance species’ means a non-indigenous species that threatens— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6863 October 11, 2018 
‘‘(i) the diversity or abundance of a native species; ‘‘(ii) the ecological stability of— ‘‘(I) waters of the United States; or ‘‘(II) waters of the contiguous zone; or ‘‘(iii) a commercial, agricultural, aquacultural, or recreational activity that is dependent on— ‘‘(I) waters of the United States; or ‘‘(II) waters of the contiguous zone. ‘‘(B) B
ALLAST WATER .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘ballast water’ means any water, suspended matter, and other materials taken onboard a vessel— ‘‘(I) to control or maintain trim, draught, stability, or stresses of the vessel, regardless of the means by which any such water or sus-pended matter is carried; or ‘‘(II) during the cleaning, maintenance, or other operation of a ballast tank or ballast water management system of the vessel. ‘‘(ii) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘ballast water’ does not include any substance that is added to the water described in clause (i) that is di-rectly related to the operation of a properly functioning ballast water management sys-tem. ‘‘(C) B
ALLAST WATER DISCHARGE STAND -
ARD.—The term ‘ballast water discharge standard’ means— ‘‘(i) the numerical ballast water discharge standard established by section 151.1511 or 151.2030 of title 33, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or successor regulations); or ‘‘(ii) if a standard referred to in clause (i) is superseded by a numerical standard of per-formance under this subsection, that superceding standard. ‘‘(D) B
ALLAST WATER EXCHANGE .—The term ‘ballast water exchange’ means the replace-ment of water in a ballast water tank using 1 of the following methods: ‘‘(i) Flow-through exchange, in which bal-last water is flushed out by pumping in midocean water at the bottom of the tank, if possible, and continuously overflowing the tank from the top continuously until 3 full volumes of water have been changed to mini-mize the number of original organisms re-maining in the tank. ‘‘(ii) Empty and refill exchange, in which ballast water taken on in ports, estuarine waters, or territorial waters is pumped out until the pump loses suction, after which the ballast tank is refilled with midocean water. ‘‘(E) B
ALLAST WATER MANAGEMENT SYS -
TEM.—The term ‘ballast water management system’ means any marine pollution control device (including all ballast water treatment equipment, ballast tanks, pipes, pumps, and all associated control and monitoring equip-ment) that processes ballast water— ‘‘(i) to kill, render nonviable, or remove or-ganisms; or ‘‘(ii) to avoid the uptake or discharge of or-ganisms. ‘‘(F) B
EST AVAILABLE TECHNOLOGY ECONOMI -
CALLY ACHIEVABLE .—The term ‘best available technology economically achievable’ means— ‘‘(i) best available technology economi-cally achievable (within the meaning of sec-tion 301(b)(2)(A)); ‘‘(ii) best available technology (within the meaning of section 304(b)(2)(B)); and ‘‘(iii) best available technology, as deter-mined in accordance with section 125.3(d)(3) of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations). ‘‘(G) B
EST CONVENTIONAL POLLUTANT CON -
TROL TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘best conven-tional pollutant control technology’ means— ‘‘(i) best conventional pollutant control technology (within the meaning of section 301(b)(2)(E)); ‘‘(ii) best conventional pollutant control technology (within the meaning of section 304(b)(4)); and ‘‘(iii) best conventional pollutant control technology, as determined in accordance with section 125.3(d)(2) of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regula-tions). ‘‘(H) BEST MANAGEMENT PRACTICE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘best manage-ment practice’ means a schedule of activi-ties, prohibitions of practices, maintenance procedures, and other management practices to prevent or reduce the pollution of— ‘‘(I) the waters of the United States; or ‘‘(II) the waters of the contiguous zone. ‘‘(ii) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘best manage-ment practice’ includes any treatment re-quirement, operating procedure, or practice to control— ‘‘(I) vessel runoff; ‘‘(II) spillage or leaks; ‘‘(III) sludge or waste disposal; or ‘‘(IV) drainage from raw material storage. ‘‘(I) B
EST PRACTICABLE CONTROL TECH -
NOLOGY CURRENTLY AVAILABLE .—The term ‘best practicable control technology cur-rently available’ means— ‘‘(i) best practicable control technology currently available (within the meaning of section 301(b)(1)(A)); ‘‘(ii) best practicable control technology currently available (within the meaning of section 304(b)(1)); and ‘‘(iii) best practicable control technology currently available, as determined in accord-ance with section 125.3(d)(1) of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regula-tions). ‘‘(J) C
APTAIN OF THE PORT ZONE .—The term ‘Captain of the Port Zone’ means a Captain of the Port Zone established by the Sec-retary pursuant to sections 92, 93, and 633 of title 14, United States Code. ‘‘(K) E
MPTY BALLAST TANK .—The term ‘empty ballast tank’ means a tank that— ‘‘(i) has previously held ballast water that has been drained to the limit of the func-tional or operational capabilities of the tank (such as loss of suction); ‘‘(ii) is recorded as empty on a vessel log; and ‘‘(iii) contains unpumpable residual ballast water and sediment. ‘‘(L) G
REAT LAKES COMMISSION .—The term ‘Great Lakes Commission’ means the Great Lakes Commission established by article IV A of the Great Lakes Compact to which Con-gress granted consent in the Act of July 24, 1968 (Public Law 90–419; 82 Stat. 414). ‘‘(M) G
REAT LAKES STATE .—The term ‘Great Lakes State’ means any of the States of— ‘‘(i) Illinois; ‘‘(ii) Indiana; ‘‘(iii) Michigan; ‘‘(iv) Minnesota; ‘‘(v) New York; ‘‘(vi) Ohio; ‘‘(vii) Pennsylvania; and ‘‘(viii) Wisconsin. ‘‘(N) G
REAT LAKES SYSTEM .—The term ‘Great Lakes System’ has the meaning given the term in section 118(a)(3). ‘‘(O) M
ARINE POLLUTION CONTROL DEVICE .— The term ‘marine pollution control device’ means any equipment or management prac-tice (or combination of equipment and a management practice), for installation or use onboard a vessel, that is— ‘‘(i) designed to receive, retain, treat, con-trol, or discharge a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel; and ‘‘(ii) determined by the Administrator and the Secretary to be the most effective equip-ment or management practice (or combina-tion of equipment and a management prac-tice) to reduce the environmental impacts of the discharge, consistent with the factors for consideration described in paragraphs (4) and (5). ‘‘(P) NONINDIGENOUS SPECIES .—The term ‘nonindigenous species’ means an organism of a species that enters an ecosystem beyond the historic range of the species. ‘‘(Q) O
RGANISM .—The term ‘organism’ in-cludes— ‘‘(i) an animal; including any fish or fish eggs or larvae; ‘‘(ii) a plant; ‘‘(iii) a pathogen; ‘‘(iv) a microbe; ‘‘(v) a virus; ‘‘(vi) a prokaryote (including any archean or bacterium); ‘‘(vii) a fungus; and ‘‘(viii) a protist. ‘‘(R) P
ACIFIC COAST REGION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘Pacific Coast Region’ means any Federal or State water— ‘‘(I) adjacent to the State of Alaska, Cali-fornia, Oregon, or Washington; and ‘‘(II) extending from shore. ‘‘(ii) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘Pacific Coast Region’ includes the entire exclusive eco-nomic zone (as defined in section 1001 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701)) ad-jacent to each State described in clause (i)(I). ‘‘(S) P
ORT OR PLACE OF DESTINATION .—The term ‘port or place of destination’ means a port or place to which a vessel is bound to anchor or moor. ‘‘(T) R
ENDER NONVIABLE .—The term ‘render nonviable’, with respect to an organism in ballast water, means the action of a ballast water management system that renders the organism permanently incapable of repro-duction following treatment. ‘‘(U) S
ALTWATER FLUSH .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘saltwater flush’ means— ‘‘(I)(aa) the addition of as much midocean water into each empty ballast tank of a ves-sel as is safe for the vessel and crew; and ‘‘(bb) the mixing of the flushwater with re-sidual ballast water and sediment through the motion of the vessel; and ‘‘(II) the discharge of that mixed water, such that the resultant residual water re-maining in the tank— ‘‘(aa) has the highest salinity possible; and ‘‘(bb) is at least 30 parts per thousand. ‘‘(ii) M
ULTIPLE SEQUENCES .—For purposes of clause (i), a saltwater flush may require more than 1 fill-mix-empty sequence, par-ticularly if only small quantities of water can be safely taken onboard a vessel at 1 time. ‘‘(V) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. ‘‘(W) S
MALL VESSEL GENERAL PERMIT .—The term ‘Small Vessel General Permit’ means the permit that is the subject of the notice of final permit issuance entitled ‘Final Na-tional Pollutant Discharge Elimination Sys-tem (NPDES) Small Vessel General Permit for Discharges Incidental to the Normal Op-eration of Vessels Less Than 79 Feet’ (79 Fed. Reg. 53702 (September 10, 2014)). ‘‘(X) S
MALL VESSEL OR FISHING VESSEL .— The term ‘small vessel or fishing vessel’ means a vessel that is— ‘‘(i) less than 79 feet in length; or ‘‘(ii) a fishing vessel, fish processing vessel, or fish tender vessel (as those terms are de-fined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code), regardless of the length of the vessel. ‘‘(Y) V
ESSEL GENERAL PERMIT .—The term ‘Vessel General Permit’ means the permit that is the subject of the notice of final per-mit issuance entitled ‘Final National Pollut-ant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) General Permit for Discharges Incidental to the Normal Operation of a Vessel’ (78 Fed. Reg. 21938 (April 12, 2013)). ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6864 October 11, 2018 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), this subsection applies to— ‘‘(i) any discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel; and ‘‘(ii) any discharge incidental to the nor-mal operation of a vessel (such as most graywater) that is commingled with sewage, subject to the conditions that— ‘‘(I) nothing in this subsection prevents a State from regulating sewage discharges; and ‘‘(II) any such commingled discharge shall comply with all applicable requirements of— ‘‘(aa) this subsection; and ‘‘(bb) any law applicable to discharges of sewage. ‘‘(B) E
XCLUSION .—This subsection does not apply to any discharge incidental to the nor-mal operation of a vessel— ‘‘(i) from— ‘‘(I) a vessel of the Armed Forces subject to subsection (n); ‘‘(II) a recreational vessel subject to sub-section (o); ‘‘(III) a small vessel or fishing vessel, ex-cept that this subsection shall apply to any discharge of ballast water from a small ves-sel or fishing vessel; or ‘‘(IV) a floating craft that is permanently moored to a pier, including a ‘floating’ ca-sino, hotel, restaurant, or bar; ‘‘(ii) of ballast water, from a vessel— ‘‘(I) that continuously takes on and dis-charges ballast water in a flow-through sys-tem, if the Administrator determines that system cannot materially contribute to the spread or introduction of an aquatic nui-sance species into waters of the United States; ‘‘(II) in the National Defense Reserve Fleet that is scheduled for disposal, if the vessel does not have an operable ballast water man-agement system; ‘‘(III) that discharges ballast water con-sisting solely of water taken onboard from a public or commercial source that, at the time the water is taken onboard, meets the applicable requirements or permit require-ments of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.); ‘‘(IV) that carries all permanent ballast water in sealed tanks that are not subject to discharge; or ‘‘(V) that only discharges ballast water into a reception facility; ‘‘(iii) that results from, or contains mate-rial derived from, an activity other than the normal operation of the vessel, such as mate-rial resulting from an industrial or manufac-turing process onboard the vessel; or ‘‘(iv) that the Administrator determines contributes to a violation of a water quality standard established under section 303, other than a water quality standard based on the presence of an aquatic nuisance species. ‘‘(3) C
ONTINUATION IN EFFECT OF EXISTING  
REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) V
ESSEL GENERAL PERMIT .—Notwith- standing the expiration date of the Vessel General Permit or any other provision of law, all provisions of the Vessel General Per-mit shall remain in force and effect, and shall not be modified, until the applicable date described in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(B) N
ONINDIGENOUS AQUATIC NUISANCE PRE -
VENTION AND CONTROL ACT REGULATIONS .— Notwithstanding section 903(a)(2)(A) of the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act of 2018, all regulations promulgated by the Secretary pursuant to section 1101 of the Nonindige-nous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Con-trol Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4711) (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this subsection), including the regulations contained in subparts C and D of part 151 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, and subpart 162.060 of part 162 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the day before that date of enactment), shall remain in force and effect until the applicable date described in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(C) REPEAL ON EXISTENCE OF FINAL , EFFEC -
TIVE, AND ENFORCEABLE REQUIREMENTS .—Ef- fective beginning on the date on which the requirements promulgated by the Secretary under subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D) of para-graph (5) with respect to every discharge in-cidental to the normal operation of a vessel that is subject to regulation under this sub-section are final, effective, and enforceable, the requirements of the Vessel General Per-mit and the regulations described in sub-paragraph (B) shall have no force or effect. ‘‘(4) N
ATIONAL STANDARDS OF PERFORMANCE  
FOR MARINE POLLUTION CONTROL DEVICES .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Administrator, in concurrence with the Secretary (subject to clause (ii)), and in consultation with interested States, shall promulgate Federal standards of per-formance for marine pollution control de-vices for each type of discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel that is sub-ject to regulation under this subsection. ‘‘(ii) C
ONCURRENCE WITH SECRETARY .— ‘‘(I) R
EQUEST .—The Administrator shall submit to the Secretary a request for writ-ten concurrence with respect to a proposed standard of performance under clause (i). ‘‘(II) E
FFECT OF FAILURE TO CONCUR .—A failure by the Secretary to concur with the Administrator under clause (i) by the date that is 60 days after the date on which the Administrator submits a request for concur-rence under subclause (I) shall not prevent the Administrator from promulgating the relevant standard of performance in accord-ance with the deadline under clause (i), sub-ject to the condition that the Administrator shall include in the administrative record of the promulgation— ‘‘(aa) documentation of the request sub-mitted under subclause (I); and ‘‘(bb) the response of the Administrator to any written objections received from the Secretary relating to the proposed standard of performance during the 60-day period be-ginning on the date of submission of the re-quest. ‘‘(iii) P
ROCEDURE .—The Administrator shall promulgate the standards of perform-ance under this subparagraph in accordance with— ‘‘(I) this paragraph; and ‘‘(II) section 553 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(B) S
TRINGENCY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (iii), the standards of performance promulgated under this paragraph shall require— ‘‘(I) with respect to conventional pollut-ants, toxic pollutants, and nonconventional pollutants (including aquatic nuisance spe-cies), the application of the best practicable control technology currently available; ‘‘(II) with respect to conventional pollut-ants, the application of the best conven-tional pollutant control technology; and ‘‘(III) with respect to toxic pollutants and nonconventional pollutants (including aquatic nuisance species), the application of the best available technology economically achievable for categories and classes of ves-sels, which shall result in reasonable progress toward the national goal of elimi-nating discharges of all pollutants. ‘‘(ii) B
EST MANAGEMENT PRACTICES .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall require the use of best management prac-tices to control or abate any discharge inci-dental to the normal operation of a vessel if— ‘‘(aa) numeric standards of performance are infeasible under clause (i); or ‘‘(bb) the best management practices are reasonably necessary— ‘‘(AA) to achieve the standards of perform-ance; or ‘‘(BB) to carry out the purpose and intent of this subsection. ‘‘(II) AQUATIC NUISANCE SPECIES EMER -
GENCIES .— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this subsection, the Ad-ministrator, in concurrence with the Sec-retary (subject to item (bb)), may require, by order, the use of an emergency best manage-ment practice in any case in which the Ad-ministrator determines that such a practice is necessary to reduce the reasonably fore-seeable risk of introduction or establishment of aquatic nuisance species. ‘‘(bb) C
ONCURRENCE WITH SECRETARY .— ‘‘(AA) R
EQUEST .—The Administrator shall submit to the Secretary a request for writ-ten concurrence with respect to a proposed order under item (aa). ‘‘(BB) E
FFECT OF FAILURE TO CONCUR .—A failure by the Secretary to concur with the Administrator under item (aa) by the date that is 60 days after the date on which the Administrator submits a request for concur-rence under subitem (AA) shall not prevent the Administrator from issuing the relevant order, subject to the condition that the Ad-ministrator shall include in the administra-tive record of the issuance documentation of the request submitted under subitem (AA) and the response of the Administrator to any written objections received from the Sec-retary relating to the proposed order during the 60-day period beginning on the date of submission of the request. ‘‘(cc) D
URATION .—An order issued by the Administrator under item (aa) shall expire not later than the date that is 4 years after the date of issuance. ‘‘(dd) E
XTENSIONS .—The Administrator may reissue an order under item (aa) for such subsequent periods of not longer than 4 years as the Administrator determines to be appropriate. ‘‘(iii) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—Except as provided in subparagraph (C), the combina-tion of any equipment or best management practice comprising a marine pollution con-trol device shall not be less stringent than the following provisions of the Vessel Gen-eral Permit: ‘‘(I) All requirements contained in parts 2.1 and 2.2 (relating to effluent limits and re-lated requirements), including with respect to waters subject to Federal protection, in whole or in part, for conservation purposes. ‘‘(II) All requirements contained in part 5 (relating to vessel class-specific require-ments) that concern effluent limits and au-thorized discharges (within the meaning of that part), including with respect to waters subject to Federal protection, in whole or in part, for conservation purposes. ‘‘(C) C
LASSES , TYPES , AND SIZES OF VES -
SELS.—The standards promulgated under this paragraph may distinguish— ‘‘(i) among classes, types, and sizes of ves-sels; and ‘‘(ii) between new vessels and existing ves-sels. ‘‘(D) R
EVIEW AND REVISION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not less frequently than once every 5 years, the Administrator, in consultation with the Secretary, shall— ‘‘(I) review the standards of performance in effect under this paragraph; and ‘‘(II) if appropriate, revise those standards of performance— ‘‘(aa) in accordance with subparagraphs (A) through (C); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6865 October 11, 2018 
‘‘(bb) as necessary to establish require-ments for any discharge that is subject to regulation under this subsection. ‘‘(ii) M
AINTAINING PROTECTIVENESS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subclause (II), the Administrator shall not revise a standard of performance under this subsection to be less stringent than an appli-cable existing requirement. ‘‘(II) E
XCEPTIONS .—The Administrator may revise a standard of performance to be less stringent than an applicable existing re-quirement— ‘‘(aa) in accordance with subparagraph (C); ‘‘(bb) if information becomes available that— ‘‘(AA) was not reasonably available when the Administrator promulgated the initial standard of performance or comparable re-quirement of the Vessel General Permit, as applicable (including the subsequent scarcity or unavailability of materials used to con-trol the relevant discharge); and ‘‘(BB) would have justified the application of a less-stringent standard of performance at the time of promulgation; or ‘‘(cc) if the Administrator determines that a material technical mistake or misinter-pretation of law occurred when promulgating the existing standard of performance or com-parable requirement of the Vessel General Permit, as applicable. ‘‘(5) I
MPLEMENTATION , COMPLIANCE , AND EN -
FORCEMENT REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable, but not later than 2 years, after the date on which the Administrator promulgates any new or revised standard of performance under paragraph (4) with respect to a dis-charge, the Secretary in consultation with States shall promulgate the regulations re-quired under this paragraph with respect to that discharge. ‘‘(ii) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—Except as provided in paragraph (4)(C), the regulations promulgated under this paragraph shall not be less stringent with respect to ensuring, monitoring, and enforcing compliance than— ‘‘(I) the requirements contained in part 3 of the Vessel General Permit (relating to cor-rective actions); ‘‘(II) the requirements contained in part 4 of the Vessel General Permit (relating to in-spections, monitoring, reporting, and record-keeping), including with respect to waters subject to Federal protection, in whole or in part, for conservation purposes; ‘‘(III) the requirements contained in part 5 of the Vessel General Permit (relating to vessel class-specific requirements) regarding monitoring, inspection, and educational and training requirements (within the meaning of that part), including with respect to waters subject to Federal protection, in whole or in part, for conservation purposes; and ‘‘(IV) any comparable, existing require-ments promulgated under the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.) (including section 1101 of that Act (16 U.S.C. 4711) (as in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of this subsection)) applicable to that discharge. ‘‘(iii) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—In determining the effective date of a regulation promulgated under this paragraph, the Secretary shall take into consideration the period of time necessary— ‘‘(I) to communicate to affected persons the applicability of the regulation; and ‘‘(II) for affected persons reasonably to comply with the regulation. ‘‘(iv) P
ROCEDURE .—The Secretary shall pro-mulgate the regulations under this subpara-graph in accordance with— ‘‘(I) this paragraph; and ‘‘(II) section 553 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(B) IMPLEMENTATION REGULATIONS FOR MA -
RINE POLLUTION CONTROL DEVICES .—The Sec- retary shall promulgate such regulations governing the design, construction, testing, approval, installation, and use of marine pol-lution control devices as are necessary to en-sure compliance with the standards of per-formance promulgated under paragraph (4). ‘‘(C) C
OMPLIANCE ASSURANCE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-mulgate requirements (including require-ments for vessel owners and operators with respect to inspections, monitoring, report-ing, sampling, and recordkeeping) to mon-itor and enforce compliance with— ‘‘(I) the standards of performance promul-gated by the Administrator under paragraph (4); and ‘‘(II) the implementation regulations pro-mulgated by the Secretary under subpara-graph (B). ‘‘(ii) M
AINTAINING PROTECTIVENESS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subclause (II), the Secretary shall not revise a requirement under this subparagraph or subparagraph (B) to be less stringent with respect to ensuring, monitoring, or enforcing compliance than an applicable existing re-quirement. ‘‘(II) E
XCEPTIONS .—The Secretary may re-vise a requirement under this subparagraph or subparagraph (B) to be less stringent than an applicable existing requirement— ‘‘(aa) in accordance with this subparagraph or subparagraph (B), as applicable; ‘‘(bb) if information becomes available that— ‘‘(AA) the Administrator determines was not reasonably available when the Adminis-trator promulgated the existing requirement of the Vessel General Permit, or that the Secretary determines was not reasonably available when the Secretary promulgated the existing requirement under the Non-indigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.) or the applicable existing requirement under this subparagraph, as applicable (including subsequent scarcity or unavailability of ma-terials used to control the relevant dis-charge); and ‘‘(BB) would have justified the application of a less-stringent requirement at the time of promulgation; or ‘‘(cc) if the Administrator determines that a material technical mistake or misinter-pretation of law occurred when promulgating an existing requirement of the Vessel Gen-eral Permit, or if the Secretary determines that a material mistake or misinterpreta-tion of law occurred when promulgating an existing requirement under the Nonindige-nous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Con-trol Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.) or this subsection. ‘‘(D) C
ONDITIONS FOR STATE ENFORCE -
MENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Gov-ernors of the States, shall develop and pub-lish Federal and State inspection, data man-agement, and enforcement procedures for the enforcement of standards and requirements under this title by States. (2) P
ROCEDURES .—Procedures developed and published under paragraph (1)— (A) may be periodically updated; (B) shall describe the conditions and proce-dures under which the Secretary may sus-pend the agreement described in paragraph (3); and (C) shall have a mechanism for the Sec-retary to provide to the Governor of a State, if requested by the Governor, access to Auto-mated Identification System arrival data for inbound vessels to specific ports or places of destination in the State. (3) STATE ENFORCEMENT .—The Secretary shall enter into an agreement with the Gov-ernor of a State to authorize the State to in-spect vessels to enforce the provisions of this title in accordance with the procedures de-veloped under paragraph (1). ‘‘(6) A
DDITIONAL PROVISIONS REGARDING  
BALLAST WATER .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to the other applicable requirements of this subsection, the requirements of this paragraph shall apply with respect to any discharge inci-dental to the normal operation of a vessel that is a discharge of ballast water. ‘‘(B) E
MPTY BALLAST TANKS .— ‘‘(i) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Except as provided in clause (ii), the owner or operator of a vessel with empty ballast tanks shall conduct a ballast water exchange or saltwater flush— ‘‘(I) not less than 200 nautical miles from any shore for a voyage originating outside the United States or Canadian exclusive eco-nomic zone; or ‘‘(II) not less than 50 nautical miles from any shore for a voyage within the Pacific Coast Region. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—Clause (i) shall not apply— ‘‘(I) if the unpumpable residual waters and sediments of an empty ballast tank were subject to treatment, in compliance with ap-plicable requirements, through a type-ap-proved ballast water management system ap-proved by the Secretary; ‘‘(II) except as otherwise required under this subsection, if the unpumpable residual waters and sediments of an empty ballast tank were sourced within the same— ‘‘(aa) port or place of destination; or ‘‘(bb) Captain of the Port Zone; ‘‘(III) if complying with the requirement would compromise the safety of the vessel; or ‘‘(IV) if design limitations of the vessel prevent a ballast water exchange or salt-water flush from being conducted in accord-ance with clause (i). ‘‘(C) P
ERIOD OF USE OF INSTALLED BALLAST  
WATER MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), a vessel shall be deemed to be in compliance with a standard of performance for a marine pollution control device that is a ballast water management system if the ballast water management system— ‘‘(I) is maintained in proper working condi-tion, as determined by the Secretary; ‘‘(II) is maintained and used in accordance with manufacturer specifications; ‘‘(III) continues to meet the ballast water discharge standard applicable to the vessel at the time of installation, as determined by the Secretary; and ‘‘(IV) has in effect a valid type-approval certificate issued by the Secretary. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION .—Clause (i) shall cease to apply with respect to any vessel on, as appli-cable— ‘‘(I) the expiration of the service life, as de-termined by the Secretary, of— ‘‘(aa) the ballast water management sys-tem; or ‘‘(bb) the vessel; ‘‘(II) the completion of a major conversion (as defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code) of the vessel; or ‘‘(III) a determination by the Secretary that there are other type-approved systems for the vessel, with respect to the use of which the environmental, health, and eco-nomic benefits would exceed the costs. ‘‘(D) R
EVIEW OF BALLAST WATER MANAGE -
MENT SYSTEM TYPE -APPROVAL TESTING METH -
ODS.— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6866 October 11, 2018 
‘‘(i) D EFINITION OF LIVE ; LIVING .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law (includ-ing regulations), for purposes of section 151.1511 of title 33, and part 162 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), the terms ‘live’ and ‘living’ shall not— ‘‘(I) include an organism that has been ren-dered nonviable; or ‘‘(II) preclude the consideration of any method of measuring the concentration of organisms in ballast water that are capable of reproduction. ‘‘(ii) D
RAFT POLICY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Secretary, in coordination with the Administrator, shall publish a draft pol-icy letter, based on the best available science, describing type-approval testing methods and protocols for ballast water management systems, if any, that— ‘‘(I) render nonviable organisms in ballast water; and ‘‘(II) may be used in addition to the meth-ods established under subpart 162.060 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations)— ‘‘(aa) to measure the concentration of or-ganisms in ballast water that are capable of reproduction; ‘‘(bb) to certify the performance of each ballast water management system under this subsection; and ‘‘(cc) to certify laboratories to evaluate ap-plicable treatment technologies. ‘‘(iii) P
UBLIC COMMENT .—The Secretary shall provide a period of not more than 60 days for public comment regarding the draft policy letter published under clause (ii). ‘‘(iv) F
INAL POLICY .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Secretary, in coordination with the Administrator, shall publish a final pol-icy letter describing type-approval testing methods, if any, for ballast water manage-ment systems that render nonviable orga-nisms in ballast water. ‘‘(II) M
ETHOD OF EVALUATION .—The ballast water management systems under subclause (I) shall be evaluated by measuring the con-centration of organisms in ballast water that are capable of reproduction based on the best available science that may be used in addi-tion to the methods established under sub-part 162.060 of title 46, Code of Federal Regu-lations (or successor regulations). ‘‘(III) R
EVISIONS .—The Secretary shall re-vise the final policy letter under subclause (I) in any case in which the Secretary, in co-ordination with the Administrator, deter-mines that additional testing methods are capable of measuring the concentration of organisms in ballast water that have not been rendered nonviable. ‘‘(v) F
ACTORS FOR CONSIDERATION .—In de- veloping a policy letter under this subpara-graph, the Secretary, in coordination with the Administrator— ‘‘(I) shall take into consideration a testing method that uses organism grow-out and most probable number statistical analysis to determine the concentration of organisms in ballast water that are capable of reproduc-tion; and ‘‘(II) shall not take into consideration a testing method that relies on a staining method that measures the concentration of— ‘‘(aa) organisms greater than or equal to 10 micrometers; and ‘‘(bb) organisms less than or equal to 50 micrometers. ‘‘(7) P
ETITIONS BY GOVERNORS FOR REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Governor of a State (or a designee) may submit to the Adminis-trator or the Secretary a petition to review any standard of performance, regulation, or policy promulgated under paragraph (4), (5), or (6), respectively, if there exists new infor-mation that could reasonably result in a change to— ‘‘(i) the standard of performance, regula-tion, or policy; or ‘‘(ii) a determination on which the stand-ard of performance, regulation, or policy was based. ‘‘(B) INCLUSION .—A petition under subpara-graph (A) shall include a description of any applicable scientific or technical informa-tion that forms the basis of the petition. ‘‘(C) D
ETERMINATION .— ‘‘(i) T
IMING .—The Administrator or the Secretary, as applicable, shall grant or deny a petition under subparagraph (A) by not later than the date that is 1 year after the date on which the petition is submitted. ‘‘(ii) N
OTICE OF REVISION .—If the Adminis-trator or the Secretary determines under clause (i) to grant a petition, the Adminis-trator or Secretary shall publish in the Fed-eral Register, by not later than 30 days after the date of that determination, a notice of proposed rulemaking to revise the relevant standard or requirement, regulation, or pol-icy under paragraph (4), (5), or (6), as applica-ble. ‘‘(iii) N
OTICE OF DENIAL .—If the Adminis-trator or the Secretary determines under clause (i) to deny a petition, the Adminis-trator or Secretary shall publish in the Fed-eral Register, by not later than 30 days after the date of that determination, a detailed justification for the determination. ‘‘(iv) R
EVIEW .—A determination by the Ad-ministrator or the Secretary under clause (i) to deny a petition shall be— ‘‘(I) considered to be a final agency action; and ‘‘(II) subject to judicial review in accord-ance with section 509, subject to clause (v). ‘‘(v) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(I) V
ENUE .—Notwithstanding section 509(b), a petition for review of a determina-tion by the Administrator or the Secretary under clause (i) to deny a petition submitted by the Governor of a State under subpara-graph (A) may be filed in any United States district court of competent jurisdiction. ‘‘(II) D
EADLINE FOR FILING .—Notwith- standing section 509(b), a petition for review of a determination by the Administrator or the Secretary under clause (i) shall be filed by not later than 180 days after the date on which the justification for the determination is published in the Federal Register under clause (iii). ‘‘(8) P
ROHIBITION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—It shall be unlawful for any person to violate— ‘‘(i) a provision of the Vessel General Per-mit in force and effect under paragraph (3)(A); ‘‘(ii) a regulation promulgated pursuant to section 1101 of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4711) (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this subsection) in force and effect under paragraph (3)(B); or ‘‘(iii) an applicable requirement or regula-tion under this subsection. ‘‘(B) C
OMPLIANCE WITH REGULATIONS .—Ef- fective beginning on the effective date of a regulation promulgated under paragraph (4), (5), (6), or (10), as applicable, it shall be un-lawful for the owner or operator of a vessel subject to the regulation— ‘‘(i) to discharge any discharge incidental to the normal operation of the vessel into waters of the United States or waters of the contiguous zone, except in compliance with the regulation; or ‘‘(ii) to operate in waters of the United States or waters of the contiguous zone, if the vessel is not equipped with a required marine pollution control device that com-plies with the requirements established under this subsection, unless— ‘‘(I) the owner or operator of the vessel de-notes in an entry in the official logbook of the vessel that the equipment was not oper-ational; and ‘‘(II) either— ‘‘(aa) the applicable discharge was avoided; or ‘‘(bb) an alternate compliance option ap-proved by the Administrator as meeting the applicable standard was employed. ‘‘(C) AFFIRMATIVE DEFENSE .—No person shall be found to be in violation of this para-graph if— ‘‘(i) the violation was in the interest of en-suring the safety of life at sea, as determined by the Secretary; and ‘‘(ii) the applicable emergency cir-cumstance was not the result of negligence or malfeasance on the part of— ‘‘(I) the owner or operator of the vessel; ‘‘(II) the master of the vessel; or ‘‘(III) the person in charge of the vessel. ‘‘(D) T
REATMENT .—Each day of continuing violation of an applicable requirement of this subsection shall constitute a separate offense. ‘‘(E) I
N REM LIABILITY .—A vessel operated in violation of this subsection is liable in rem for any civil penalty assessed for the violation. ‘‘(F) R
EVOCATION OF CLEARANCE .—The Sec- retary shall withhold or revoke the clear-ance of a vessel required under section 60105 of title 46, United States Code, if the owner or operator of the vessel is in violation of this subsection. ‘‘(9) E
FFECT ON OTHER LAWS .— ‘‘(A) S
TATE AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clauses (ii) through (v) and paragraph (10), effective beginning on the date on which the requirements promulgated by the Secretary under subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D) of para-graph (5) with respect to every discharge in-cidental to the normal operation of a vessel that is subject to regulation under this sub-section are final, effective, and enforceable, no State, political subdivision of a State, or interstate agency may adopt or enforce any law, regulation, or other requirement of the State, political subdivision, or interstate agency with respect to any such discharge. ‘‘(ii) C
OENFORCEMENT .—Clause (i) shall not apply to any law, regulation, or other re-quirement of a State, political subdivision of a State, or interstate agency— ‘‘(I) that is identical to a Federal require-ment under this subsection applicable to the relevant discharge; or ‘‘(II) compliance with which would be achieved concurrently in achieving compli-ance with a Federal requirement under this subsection applicable to the relevant dis-charge. ‘‘(iii) E
NFORCEMENT PROCEDURES .—A State may enforce any standard of performance or requirement promulgated under this sub-section in accordance with the regulations promulgated by the Secretary under para-graph (5)(D)(i). ‘‘(iv) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN FEES .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subclauses (II) and (III), a State that assesses a permit fee, inspection fee, or other fee relating to the regulation of a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel before the date of enactment of this subsection may assess a fee to cover the costs of administration, in-spection, and enforcement activities by the State to achieve compliance with the appli-cable requirements of this subsection. ‘‘(II) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT .— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in item (bb), a State may assess a fee for activi-ties under this clause equal to not more than 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6867 October 11, 2018 
$1,000 against the owner or operator of a ves-sel that— ‘‘(AA) has operated outside of that State; and ‘‘(BB) arrives at a port or place of destina-tion in the State (excluding movement en-tirely within a single port or place of des-tination). ‘‘(bb) V
ESSELS ENGAGED IN COASTWIDE  
TRADE .—A State may assess against the owner or operator of a vessel registered in accordance with applicable Federal law and lawfully engaged in the coastwide trade not more than $5,000 in fees under this clause per vessel during a calendar year. ‘‘(III) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—A State may adjust the amount of a fee authorized under this clause not more frequently than once every 5 years to reflect the percentage by which the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Depart-ment of Labor for the month of October im-mediately preceding the date of adjustment exceeds the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Depart-ment of Labor for the month of October that immediately precedes the date that is 5 years before the date of adjustment. ‘‘(v) A
LASKA GRAYWATER .—Clause (i) shall not apply with respect to any discharge of graywater (as defined in section 1414 of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2001 (Pub-lic Law 106–554; 114 Stat. 2763A–323)) from a passenger vessel (as defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code) in the State of Alaska (including all waters in the Alex-ander Archipelago) carrying 50 or more pas-sengers. ‘‘(vi) P
RESERVATION OF AUTHORITY .—Noth- ing in this subsection preempts any State law, public initiative, referendum, regula-tion, requirement, or other State action, ex-cept as expressly provided in this subsection. ‘‘(B) E
STABLISHED REGIMES .—Except as ex-pressly provided in this subsection, nothing in this subsection affects the applicability to a vessel of any other provision of Federal law, including— ‘‘(i) this section; ‘‘(ii) section 311; ‘‘(iii) the Act to Prevent Pollution from Ships (33 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.); and ‘‘(iv) title X of the Coast Guard Authoriza-tion Act of 2010 (33 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.). ‘‘(C) P
ERMITTING .—Effective beginning on the date of enactment of this subsection— ‘‘(i) the Small Vessel General Permit is re-pealed; and ‘‘(ii) the Administrator, or a State in the case of a permit program approved under sec-tion 402, shall not require, or in any way modify, a permit under that section for— ‘‘(I) any discharge that is subject to regu-lation under this subsection; or ‘‘(II) any discharge incidental to the nor-mal operation of a vessel from a small vessel or fishing vessel, regardless of whether that discharge is subject to regulation under this subsection. ‘‘(D) N
O EFFECT ON CIVIL OR CRIMINAL AC -
TIONS .—Nothing in this subsection, or any standard, regulation, or requirement estab-lished under this subsection, modifies or oth-erwise affects, preempts, or displaces— ‘‘(i) any cause of action; or ‘‘(ii) any provision of Federal or State law establishing a remedy for civil relief or criminal penalty. ‘‘(E) N
O EFFECT ON CERTAIN SECRETARIAL  
AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this subsection af-fects the authority of the Secretary of Com-merce or the Secretary of the Interior to ad-minister any land or waters under the ad-ministrative control of the Secretary of Commerce or the Secretary of the Interior, respectively. ‘‘(10) A
DDITIONAL REGIONAL REQUIRE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(A) ENHANCED GREAT LAKES SYSTEM RE -
QUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(i) P
ETITIONS BY GOVERNORS FOR PROPOSED  
ENHANCED STANDARDS AND REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The Governor of a Great Lakes State (or a State employee designee) may submit a petition in accordance with subclause (II) to propose that other Gov-ernors of Great Lakes States endorse an en-hanced standard of performance or other re-quirement with respect to any discharge— ‘‘(aa) that is subject to regulation under this subsection; and ‘‘(bb) that occurs within the Great Lakes System. ‘‘(II) S
UBMISSION .—A Governor shall submit a petition under subclause (I), in writing, to— ‘‘(aa) the Executive Director of the Great Lakes Commission, in such manner as may be prescribed by the Great Lakes Commis-sion; ‘‘(bb) the Governor of each other Great Lakes State; and ‘‘(cc) the Director of the Great Lakes Na-tional Program Office established by section 118(b). ‘‘(III) P
RELIMINARY ASSESSMENT BY GREAT  
LAKES COMMISSION .— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—After the date of re-ceipt of a petition under subclause (II)(aa), the Great Lakes Commission (acting through the Great Lakes Panel on Aquatic Nuisance Species, to the maximum extent practicable) may develop a preliminary assessment re-garding each enhanced standard of perform-ance or other requirement described in the petition. ‘‘(bb) P
ROVISIONS .—The preliminary assess-ment developed by the Great Lakes Commis-sion under item (aa)— ‘‘(AA) may be developed in consultation with relevant experts and stakeholders; ‘‘(BB) may be narrative in nature; ‘‘(CC) may include the preliminary views, if any, of the Great Lakes Commission on the propriety of the proposed enhanced standard of performance or other require-ment; ‘‘(DD) shall be submitted, in writing, to the Governor of each Great Lakes State and the Director of the Great Lakes National Program Office and published on the internet website of the Great Lakes National Pro-gram Office; and ‘‘(EE) except as provided in clause (iii), shall not be taken into consideration, or pro-vide a basis for review, by the Administrator or the Secretary for purposes of that clause. ‘‘(ii) P
ROPOSED ENHANCED STANDARDS AND  
REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(I) P
UBLICATION IN FEDERAL REGISTER .— ‘‘(aa) R
EQUEST BY GOVERNOR .—Not earlier than the date that is 90 days after the date on which the Executive Director of the Great Lakes Commission receives from a Governor of a Great Lakes State a petition under clause (i)(II)(aa), the Governor may request the Director of the Great Lakes National Program Office to publish, for a period re-quested by the Governor of not less than 30 days, and the Director shall so publish, in the Federal Register for public comment— ‘‘(AA) a copy of the petition; and ‘‘(BB) if applicable as of the date of publi-cation, any preliminary assessment of the Great Lakes Commission developed under clause (i)(III) relating to the petition. ‘‘(bb) R
EVIEW OF PUBLIC COMMENTS .—On re- ceipt of a written request of a Governor of a Great Lakes State, the Director of the Great Lakes National Program Office shall make available all public comments received in re-sponse to the notice under item (aa). ‘‘(cc) N
O RESPONSE REQUIRED .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, a Gov-ernor of a Great Lakes State or the Director of the Great Lakes National Program Office shall not be required to provide a response to any comment received in response to the publication of a petition or preliminary as-sessment under item (aa). ‘‘(dd) PURPOSE .—Any public comments re-ceived in response to the publication of a pe-tition or preliminary assessment under item (aa) shall be used solely for the purpose of providing information and feedback to the Governor of each Great Lakes State regard-ing the decision to endorse the proposed standard or requirement. ‘‘(ee) E
FFECT OF PETITION .—A proposed standard or requirement developed under subclause (II) may differ from the proposed standard or requirement described in a peti-tion published under item (aa). ‘‘(II) C
OORDINATION TO DEVELOP PROPOSED  
STANDARD OR REQUIREMENT .—After the expi-ration of the public comment period for the petition under subclause (I), any interested Governor of a Great Lakes State may work in coordination with the Great Lakes Com-mission to develop a proposed standard of performance or other requirement applicable to a discharge referred to in the petition. ‘‘(III) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A proposed standard of performance or other requirement under subclause (II) shall— ‘‘(aa) be developed— ‘‘(AA) in consultation with representatives from the Federal and provincial govern-ments of Canada; ‘‘(BB) after notice and opportunity for pub-lic comment on the petition published under subclause (I); and ‘‘(CC) taking into consideration the pre-liminary assessment, if any, of the Great Lakes Commission under clause (i)(III); ‘‘(bb) be specifically endorsed in writing by— ‘‘(AA) the Governor of each Great Lakes State, if the proposed standard or require-ment would impose additional equipment re-quirements on a vessel; or ‘‘(BB) not fewer than 5 Governors of Great Lakes States, if the proposed standard or re-quirement would not impose any additional equipment requirements on a vessel; and ‘‘(cc) in the case of a proposed requirement to prohibit 1 or more types of discharge regu-lated under this subsection, whether treated or not treated, into waters within the Great Lakes System, only apply within the waters of the Great Lakes State of 1 of the Gov-ernors endorsing the proposed requirement under item (bb). ‘‘(iii) P
ROMULGATION BY ADMINISTRATOR AND  
SECRETARY .— ‘‘(I) S
UBMISSION .— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—The Governors endors-ing a proposed standard or requirement under clause (ii)(III)(bb) may jointly submit to the Administrator and the Secretary for approval each proposed standard of perform-ance or other requirement developed and en-dorsed pursuant to clause (ii). ‘‘(bb) I
NCLUSION .—Each submission under item (aa) shall include an explanation re-garding why the applicable standard of per-formance or other requirement is— ‘‘(AA) at least as stringent as a comparable standard of performance or other require-ment under this subsection; ‘‘(BB) in accordance with maritime safety; and ‘‘(CC) in accordance with applicable mari-time and navigation laws and regulations. ‘‘(cc) W
ITHDRAWAL .— ‘‘(AA) I
N GENERAL .—The Governor of any Great Lakes State that endorses a proposed standard or requirement under clause (ii)(III)(bb) may withdraw the endorsement by not later than the date that is 90 days after the date on which the Administrator and the Secretary receive the proposed standard or requirement. ‘‘(BB) E
FFECT ON FEDERAL REVIEW .—If, after the withdrawal of an endorsement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6868 October 11, 2018 
under subitem (AA), the proposed standard or requirement does not have the applicable number of endorsements under clause (ii)(III)(bb), the Administrator and the Sec-retary shall terminate the review under this clause. ‘‘(dd) D
ISSENTING OPINIONS .—The Governor of a Great Lakes State that does not endorse a proposed standard or requirement under clause (ii)(III)(bb) may submit to the Admin-istrator and the Secretary any dissenting opinions of the Governor. ‘‘(II) J
OINT NOTICE .—On receipt of a pro-posed standard of performance or other re-quirement under subclause (I), the Adminis-trator and the Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register a joint notice that, at min-imum— ‘‘(aa) states that the proposed standard or requirement is publicly available; and ‘‘(bb) provides an opportunity for public comment regarding the proposed standard or requirement during the 90-day period begin-ning on the date of receipt by the Adminis-trator and the Secretary of the proposed standard or requirement. ‘‘(III) R
EVIEW .— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable after the date of publication of a joint notice under subclause (II)— ‘‘(AA) the Administrator shall commence a review of each proposed standard of perform-ance or other requirement covered by the no-tice to determine whether that standard or requirement is at least as stringent as com-parable standards and requirements under this subsection; and ‘‘(BB) the Secretary shall commence a re-view of each proposed standard of perform-ance or other requirement covered by the no-tice to determine whether that standard or requirement is in accordance with maritime safety and applicable maritime and naviga-tion laws and regulations. ‘‘(bb) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out item (aa), the Administrator and the Secretary— ‘‘(AA) shall consult with the Governor of each Great Lakes State and representatives from the Federal and provincial govern-ments of Canada; ‘‘(BB) shall take into consideration any relevant data or public comments received under subclause (II)(bb); and ‘‘(CC) shall not take into consideration any preliminary assessment by the Great Lakes Commission under clause (i)(III), or any dis-senting opinion under subclause (I)(dd), ex-cept to the extent that such an assessment or opinion is relevant to the criteria for the applicable determination under item (aa). ‘‘(IV) A
PPROVAL OR DISAPPROVAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of receipt of each proposed standard of performance or other requirement under subclause (I), the Administrator and the Secretary shall— ‘‘(aa) determine, as applicable, whether each proposed standard or other requirement satisfies the criteria under subclause (III)(aa); ‘‘(bb) approve each proposed standard or other requirement, unless the Administrator or the Secretary, as applicable, determines under item (aa) that the proposed standard or other requirement does not satisfy the criteria under subclause (III)(aa); and ‘‘(cc) submit to the Governor of each Great Lakes State, and publish in the Federal Reg-ister, a notice of the determination under item (aa). ‘‘(V) A
CTION ON DISAPPROVAL .— ‘‘(aa) R
ATIONALE AND RECOMMENDATIONS .— If the Administrator and the Secretary dis-approve a proposed standard of performance or other requirement under subclause (IV)(bb), the notices under subclause (IV)(cc) shall include— ‘‘(AA) a description of the reasons why the standard or requirement is, as applicable, less stringent than a comparable standard or requirement under this subsection, incon-sistent with maritime safety, or inconsistent with applicable maritime and navigation laws and regulations; and ‘‘(BB) any recommendations regarding changes the Governors of the Great Lakes States could make to conform the dis-approved portion of the standard or require-ment to the requirements of this subpara-graph. ‘‘(bb) REVIEW .—Disapproval of a proposed standard or requirement by the Adminis-trator and the Secretary under this subpara-graph shall be considered to be a final agen-cy action subject to judicial review under section 509. ‘‘(VI) A
CTION ON APPROVAL .—On approval by the Administrator and the Secretary of a proposed standard of performance or other requirement under subclause (IV)(bb)— ‘‘(aa) the Administrator shall establish, by regulation, the proposed standard or require-ment within the Great Lakes System in lieu of any comparable standard or other require-ment promulgated under paragraph (4); and ‘‘(bb) the Secretary shall establish, by reg-ulation, any requirements necessary to im-plement, ensure compliance with, and en-force the standard or requirement under item (aa), or to apply the proposed require-ment, within the Great Lakes System in lieu of any comparable requirement promulgated under paragraph (5). ‘‘(VII) N
O JUDICIAL REVIEW FOR CERTAIN AC -
TIONS .—An action or inaction of a Governor of a Great Lakes State or the Great Lakes Commission under this subparagraph shall not be subject to judicial review. ‘‘(VIII) G
REAT LAKES COMPACT .—Nothing in this subsection shall limit, alter, or amend the Great Lakes Compact to which Congress granted consent in the Act of July 24, 1968 (Public Law 90–419; 82 Stat. 414). ‘‘(IX) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Great Lakes Commission $5,000,000, to be available until expended. ‘‘(B) M
INIMUM PACIFIC COAST REGION RE -
QUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(i) D
EFINITION OF COMMERCIAL VESSEL .—In this subparagraph, the term ‘commercial vessel’ means a vessel operating between— ‘‘(I) 2 ports or places of destination within the Pacific Coast Region; or ‘‘(II) a port or place of destination within the Pacific Coast Region and a port or place of destination on the Pacific Coast of Canada or Mexico north of parallel 20 degrees north latitude, inclusive of the Gulf of California. ‘‘(ii) B
ALLAST WATER EXCHANGE .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subclause (II) and clause (iv), the owner or operator of a commercial vessel shall con-duct a complete ballast water exchange in waters more than 50 nautical miles from shore. ‘‘(II) E
XEMPTIONS .—Subclause (I) shall not apply to a commercial vessel— ‘‘(aa) using, in compliance with applicable requirements, a type-approved ballast water management system approved by the Sec-retary; or ‘‘(bb) voyaging— ‘‘(AA) between or to a port or place of des-tination in the State of Washington, if the ballast water to be discharged from the com-mercial vessel originated solely from waters located between the parallel 46 degrees north latitude, including the internal waters of the Columbia River, and the internal waters of Canada south of parallel 50 degrees north latitude, including the waters of the Strait of Georgia and the Strait of Juan de Fuca; ‘‘(BB) between ports or places of destina-tion in the State of Oregon, if the ballast water to be discharged from the commercial vessel originated solely from waters located between the parallel 40 degrees north lati-tude and the parallel 50 degrees north lati-tude; ‘‘(CC) between ports or places of destina-tion in the State of California within the San Francisco Bay area east of the Golden Gate Bridge, including the Port of Stockton and the Port of Sacramento, if the ballast water to be discharged from the commercial vessel originated solely from ports or places within that area; ‘‘(DD) between the Port of Los Angeles, the Port of Long Beach, and the El Segundo off-shore marine oil terminal, if the ballast water to be discharged from the commercial vessel originated solely from the Port of Los Angeles, the Port of Long Beach, or the El Segundo offshore marine oil terminal; or ‘‘(EE) between a port or place of destina-tion in the State of Alaska within a single Captain of the Port Zone. ‘‘(iii) LOW-SALINITY BALLAST WATER .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subclause (II) and clause (iv), the owner or operator of a commercial vessel that trans-ports ballast water sourced from waters with a measured salinity of less than 18 parts per thousand and voyages to a Pacific Coast Re-gion port or place of destination with a measured salinity of less than 18 parts per thousand shall conduct a complete ballast water exchange— ‘‘(aa) not less than 50 nautical miles from shore, if the ballast water was sourced from a Pacific Coast Region port or place of des-tination; or ‘‘(bb) more than 200 nautical miles from shore, if the ballast water was not sourced from a Pacific Coast Region port or place of destination. ‘‘(II) E
XCEPTION .—Subclause (I) shall not apply to a commercial vessel using, in com-pliance with applicable requirements, a type- approved ballast water management system approved by the Secretary for treating fresh-water at the concentrations prescribed in that subclause. ‘‘(iv) G
ENERAL EXCEPTIONS .—The require-ments of clauses (ii) and (iii) shall not apply to a commercial vessel if— ‘‘(I) complying with the requirement would compromise the safety of the commercial vessel; ‘‘(II) design limitations of the commercial vessel prevent a ballast water exchange from being conducted in accordance with clause (ii) or (iii), as applicable; ‘‘(III) the commercial vessel— ‘‘(aa) is certified by the Secretary as hav-ing no residual ballast water or sediments onboard; or ‘‘(bb) retains all ballast water while in waters subject to those requirements; or ‘‘(IV) empty ballast tanks on the commer-cial vessel are sealed and certified by the Secretary in a manner that ensures that— ‘‘(aa) no discharge or uptake occurs; and ‘‘(bb) any subsequent discharge of ballast water is subject to those requirements. ‘‘(C) E
STABLISHMENT OF STATE NO -DIS-
CHARGE ZONES .— ‘‘(i) S
TATE PROHIBITION .—Subject to clause (ii), after the effective date of regulations promulgated by the Secretary under para-graph (5), if any State determines that the protection and enhancement of the quality of some or all of the waters within the State require greater environmental protection, the State may prohibit 1 or more types of discharge regulated under this subsection, whether treated or not treated, into such waters. ‘‘(ii) A
PPLICABILITY .—A prohibition by a State under clause (i) shall not apply until the date on which the Administrator makes the applicable determinations described in clause (iii). ‘‘(iii) P
ROHIBITION BY ADMINISTRATOR .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6869 October 11, 2018 
‘‘(I) D ETERMINATION .—On application of a State, the Administrator, in concurrence with the Secretary (subject to subclause (II)), shall, by regulation, prohibit the dis-charge from a vessel of 1 or more discharges subject to regulation under this subsection, whether treated or not treated, into the waters covered by the application if the Ad-ministrator determines that— ‘‘(aa) the protection and enhancement of the quality of the specified waters within the State require a prohibition of the discharge into the waters; ‘‘(bb) adequate facilities for the safe and sanitary removal and treatment of the dis-charge are reasonably available for the water and all vessels to which the prohibition would apply; ‘‘(cc) the discharge can be safely collected and stored until a vessel reaches a discharge facility or other location; and ‘‘(dd) in the case of an application for the prohibition of discharges of ballast water in a port (or in any other location where cargo, passengers, or fuel are loaded and un-loaded)— ‘‘(AA) the adequate facilities described in item (bb) are reasonably available for com-mercial vessels, after considering, at a min-imum, water depth, dock size, pumpout facil-ity capacity and flow rate, availability of year-round operations, proximity to naviga-tion routes, and the ratio of pumpout facili-ties to the population and discharge capacity of commercial vessels operating in those waters; and ‘‘(BB) the prohibition will not unreason-ably interfere with the safe loading and un-loading of cargo, passengers, or fuel. ‘‘(II) C
ONCURRENCE WITH SECRETARY .— ‘‘(aa) R
EQUEST .—The Administrator shall submit to the Secretary a request for writ-ten concurrence with respect to a prohibi-tion under subclause (I). ‘‘(bb) E
FFECT OF FAILURE TO CONCUR .—A failure by the Secretary to concur with the Administrator under subclause (I) by the date that is 60 days after the date on which the Administrator submits a request for con-currence under item (aa) shall not prevent the Administrator from prohibiting the rel-evant discharge in accordance with sub-clause (III), subject to the condition that the Administrator shall include in the adminis-trative record of the promulgation— ‘‘(AA) documentation of the request sub-mitted under item (aa); and ‘‘(BB) the response of the Administrator to any written objections received from the Secretary relating to the proposed standard of performance during the 60-day period be-ginning on the date of submission of the re-quest. ‘‘(III) T
IMING .—The Administrator shall ap-prove or disapprove an application submitted under subclause (I) by not later than 90 days after the date on which the application is submitted to the Administrator. ‘‘(D) M
AINTENANCE IN EFFECT OF MORE - 
STRINGENT STANDARDS .—In any case in which a requirement established under this para-graph is more stringent or environmentally protective than a comparable requirement established under paragraph (4), (5), or (6), the more-stringent or more-protective stand-ard shall control.’’. (2) R
EPEALS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Effective beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the fol-lowing provisions of law are repealed: (i) Section 1101 of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4711). (ii) Public Law 110–299 (33 U.S.C. 1342 note). (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 1102 of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4712) is amended— (i) in subsection (c)(1), by inserting ‘‘(as in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act of 2018)’’ after ‘‘section 1101(b)’’; and (ii) in subsection (f)(1)(B), by inserting ‘‘(as in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act of 2018)’’ after ‘‘section 1101(c)’’. (b) REGULATIONS FOR USE OF MARINE POL-
LUTION CONTROL DEVICES .—Section 312 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322) is amended— (1) by striking the section designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘For the purpose of’’ in subsection (a) and insert-ing the following: 
‘‘SEC. 312. MARINE SANITATION DEVICES; DIS-CHARGES INCIDENTAL TO THE NOR-MAL OPERATION OF VESSELS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘devices or of vessels’’ and inserting ‘‘devices, marine pollution control device equipment, or ves-sels’’; (B) in paragraph (12)(B)— (i) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) a discharge of sewage; or ‘‘(v) discharge occurring as a result of a vessel not being used as a means of transpor-tation on water, including a discharge occur-ring— ‘‘(I) at any time when the vessel is being prepared for transport by land from 1 body of water to another; ‘‘(II) solely as a result of the vessel being used as— ‘‘(aa) an energy facility; ‘‘(bb) a mining facility; ‘‘(cc) a storage facility; or ‘‘(dd) a seafood processing vessel; or ‘‘(III) at any time when the vessel is se-cured to— ‘‘(aa) the bed of waters of the United States for the purpose of mineral or oil ex-ploration or development; ‘‘(bb) the bed of the contiguous zone for the purpose of mineral or oil exploration or de-velopment; ‘‘(cc) the bed of the ocean for the purpose of mineral or oil exploration or development; or ‘‘(dd) a buoy for the purpose of mineral or oil exploration or development;’’; and (C) in paragraph (13), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, ex-cept as provided in subsection (p),’’ after ‘‘means’’; (3) in subsection (g)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or marine pollution con-trol device equipment’’ after ‘‘marine sanita-tion device’’ each place it appears; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or equipment’’ after ‘‘such device’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or equipment’’ after ‘‘test device’’; and (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or equipment’’ after ‘‘the device’’ each place it appears; and (ii) in the fourth sentence, by inserting ‘‘or equipment’’ after ‘‘device’’ each place it ap-pears; and (4) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and ma-rine pollution control device equipment’’ after ‘‘marine sanitation device’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘or any certified marine pollution control device equipment or element of design of such equipment’’ after ‘‘such device’’; (C) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (4) as subparagraphs (A) through (D), respectively, and indenting the subpara-graphs appropriately; (D) by striking ‘‘(h) After’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(h) SALE AND RESALE OF PROPERLY  E
QUIPPED VESSELS ; O PERABILITY OF CER-
TIFIED MARINE SANITATION DEVICES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), after’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
FFECT OF SUBSECTION .—Nothing in this subsection requires certification of a marine pollution control device for use on any vessel of the Armed Forces.’’. (c) E
NFORCEMENT AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 312(k) of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322(k)) is amended— (A) by striking the second sentence and in-serting the following: ‘‘(3) S
TATES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—This section may be en-forced by a State or political subdivision of a State (including the attorney general of a State), including by filing a civil action in an appropriate Federal district court to en-force any violation of subsection (p). ‘‘(B) J
URISDICTION .—The appropriate Fed-eral district court shall have jurisdiction with respect to a civil action filed pursuant to subparagraph (A), without regard to the amount in controversy or the citizenship of the parties— ‘‘(i) to enforce the requirements of this sec-tion; and ‘‘(ii) to apply appropriate civil penalties under this section or section 309(d), as appro-priate.’’; (B) by striking ‘‘(k) The provisions of this’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(k) E
NFORCEMENT AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—This section shall be enforced by the Administrator, to the extent provided in section 309. ‘‘(2) S
ECRETARY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—This’’; and (C) in paragraph (2) (as so designated)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘oper-ating and he may utilize by agreement’’ and inserting ‘‘operating, who may use, by agree-ment’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) I
NSPECTIONS .—For purposes of ensur-ing compliance with this section, the Sec-retary— ‘‘(i) may carry out an inspection (including the taking of ballast water samples) of any vessel at any time; and ‘‘(ii) shall— ‘‘(I) establish procedures for— ‘‘(aa) reporting violations of this section; and ‘‘(bb) accumulating evidence regarding those violations; and ‘‘(II) use appropriate and practicable meas-ures of detection and environmental moni-toring of vessels. ‘‘(C) D
ETENTION .—The Secretary may de-tain a vessel if the Secretary— ‘‘(i) has reasonable cause to believe that the vessel— ‘‘(I) has failed to comply with an applica-ble requirement of this section; or ‘‘(II) is being operated in violation of such a requirement; and ‘‘(ii) the Secretary provides to the owner or operator of the vessel a notice of the in-tent to detain.’’. (2) P
RESERVATION OF FEDERAL ENFORCE -
MENT AUTHORITY .—Section 309 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1319) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(3), by striking ‘‘318’’ and inserting ‘‘312(p), 318’’; (B) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘318’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘312(p), 318’’; (C) in subsection (d), in the first sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘318’’ and inserting ‘‘312(p), 318,’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6870 October 11, 2018 
(ii) by striking ‘‘State,,’’ and inserting ‘‘State,’’; and (D) in subsection (g)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘318’’ and inserting ‘‘312(p), 318’’. (3) P
RESERVATION OF PUBLIC ENFORCEMENT  
AUTHORITY .—Section 505(f) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1365(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘(5) certifi-cation’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘(5) a standard of performance or require-ment under section 312(p); (6) a certification under section 401; (7) a permit or condition of a permit issued under section 402 that is in effect under this Act (including a require-ment applicable by reason of section 313); or (8) a regulation under section 405(d).’’. (4) R
EVIEW .—Section 509(b) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1369(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) D
ISCHARGES INCIDENTAL TO NORMAL OP -
ERATION OF VESSELS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), any interested person may file a petition for review of a final agency ac-tion under section 312(p) of the Adminis-trator or the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating in ac-cordance with the requirements of this sub-section. ‘‘(B) V
ENUE EXCEPTION .—Subject to section 312(p)(7)(C)(v), a petition for review of a final agency action under section 312(p) of the Ad-ministrator or the Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating may be filed only in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Cir-cuit.’’. (d) L
OGBOOK REQUIREMENTS .—Section 11301(b) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) when a vessel fails to carry out bal-last water management requirements as ap-plicable and pursuant to regulations promul-gated by the Secretary, including when the vessel fails to carry out ballast water man-agement requirements due to an allowed safety exemption, a statement regarding the failure to comply and the circumstances under which the failure occurred, made im-mediately after the failure, when practicable to do so.’’. (e) Q
UAGGA MUSSEL .—Section 42(a)(1) of title 18, United States Code, is amended, in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘of the quagga mussel of the species Dreissena rostriformis or Dreissena bugensis;’’ after ‘‘Dreissena polymorpha;’’. (f) C
OASTAL AQUATIC INVASIVE SPECIES  M
ITIGATION GRANT PROGRAM AND MITIGATION  F
UND.— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) C
OASTAL ZONE .—The term ‘‘coastal zone’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 304 of the Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1453). (B) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means— (i) a State; (ii) a unit of local government; (iii) an Indian Tribe; (iv) a nongovernmental organization; and (v) an institution of higher education. (C) E
XCLUSIVE ECONOMIC ZONE .—The term ‘‘Exclusive Economic Zone’’ means the Ex-clusive Economic Zone of the United States, as established by Presidential Proclamation 5030, dated March 10, 1983 (16 U.S.C. 1453 note). (D) F
OUNDATION .—The term ‘‘Foundation’’ means the National Fish and Wildlife Foun-dation established by section 2(a) of the Na-tional Fish and Wildlife Foundation Estab-lishment Act (16 U.S.C. 3701(a)). (E) F
UND.—The term ‘‘Fund’’ means the Coastal Aquatic Invasive Species Mitigation Fund established by paragraph (3)(A). (F) PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘Program’’ means the Coastal Aquatic Invasive Species Mitiga-tion Grant Program established under para-graph (2)(A). (G) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Commerce. (2) G
RANT PROGRAM .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary and the Foundation shall establish a program, to be known as the ‘‘Coastal Aquatic Invasive Species Mitigation Grant Program’’, under which the Secretary and the Foundation shall award grants to eligible entities in ac-cordance with this paragraph. (B) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the Pro-gram are— (i) to improve the understanding, preven-tion, and mitigation of, and response to, aquatic invasive species in— (I) the coastal zone; and (II) the Exclusive Economic Zone; (ii) to support the prevention and mitiga-tion of impacts from aquatic invasive species in the coastal zone; and (iii) to support the restoration of Pacific Island habitats, marine, estuarine, and Great Lakes environments in the coastal zone and the Exclusive Economic Zone that are im-pacted by aquatic invasive species. (C) U
SE OF GRANTS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—A grant awarded under the Program shall be used for an activity to carry out the purposes of the Program, in-cluding an activity— (I) to develop and implement procedures and programs to prevent, control, mitigate, or progressively eradicate aquatic invasive species in the coastal zone or the Exclusive Economic Zone, particularly in areas with high numbers of established aquatic invasive species; (II) to restore habitat impacted by an aquatic invasive species; (III) to develop new shipboard and land- based ballast water treatment system tech-nologies and performance standards to pre-vent the introduction of aquatic invasive species; (IV) to develop mitigation measures to pro-tect natural and cultural living resources, including shellfish, from the impacts of aquatic invasive species; or (V) to develop mitigation measures to pro-tect infrastructure, such as hydroelectric in-frastructure, from aquatic invasive species. (ii) P
ROHIBITION ON FUNDING LITIGATION .—A grant awarded under the Program may not be used to fund litigation in any matter. (D) A
DMINISTRATION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Foundation, in consultation with the Secretary, shall establish the following: (i) Application and review procedures for awarding grants under the Program. (ii) Approval procedures for awarding grants under the Program, including a re-quirement for consultation with— (I) the Secretary of the Interior; and (II) the Administrator. (iii) Performance accountability and moni-toring measures for activities funded by a grant awarded under the Program. (iv) Procedures and methods to ensure ac-curate accounting and appropriate adminis-tration of grants awarded under the Pro-gram, including standards of recordkeeping. (E) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .—Each eligible entity that receives a grant under the Pro-gram shall provide, in cash or through in- kind contributions from non-Federal sources, matching funds to carry out the ac-tivities funded by the grant in an amount equal to not less than 50 percent of the cost of the activities. (F) F
UNDING .—The Secretary and the Foun-dation shall use the amounts available in the Fund to award grants under the Program. (3) M
ITIGATION FUND .— (A) ESTABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a trust fund, to be known as the ‘‘Coastal Aquatic Invasive Species Mitigation Fund’’, con-sisting of such amounts as are appropriated or credited to the Fund in accordance with this paragraph or section 9602 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (B) T
RANSFERS TO FUND .— (i) A
PPROPRIATION .—There is authorized to be appropriated from the Treasury to the Fund, for each fiscal year, an amount equal to the amount of penalties assessed for viola-tions of subsection (p) of section 312 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322) during the preceding fiscal year. (ii) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORIZATION .—In addi- tion to the amounts transferred to the Fund under clause (i), there is authorized to be ap-propriated to the Fund $5,000,000 for each fis-cal year. (C) U
SE OF FUND .—The amounts in the Fund shall be available, without further ap-propriation, to the Secretary and the Foun-dation to award grants under the Program. (g) G
REAT LAKES INVASIVE SPECIES MONI-
TORING PROGRAM .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the En-vironmental Protection Agency. (B) A
QUATIC NUISANCE SPECIES .—The term ‘‘aquatic nuisance species’’ has the meaning given that term in subsection (p)(1) of sec-tion 312 of the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act (33 U.S.C. 1322). (C) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the Great Lakes National Program Office established by section 118(b) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1268(b)). (D) G
REAT LAKES SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘Great Lakes System’’ has the meaning given the term in section 118(a)(3) of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1268(a)(3)). (E) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘‘Program’’ means the Great Lakes Invasive Species Monitoring Program established under paragraph (2)(A). (2) E
STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall establish within the Great Lakes National Program Office a program, to be known as the ‘‘Great Lakes Invasive Species Moni-toring Program’’— (i) in collaboration with— (I) the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service; (II) the Administrator of the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration; and (III) the Director of the United States Geo-logical Survey; and (ii) in consultation with— (I) the head of Great Lakes Aquatic Non-indigenous Species Information System of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration; and (II) the head of Great Lakes Environ-mental Research Laboratory of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. (B) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the Pro-gram shall be— (i) to monitor for the introduction and spread of aquatic nuisance species into or within the Great Lakes System; (ii) to detect newly introduced aquatic nui-sance species prior to the establishment of the aquatic nuisance species in the Great Lakes; (iii) to inform, and assist with, manage-ment and response actions to prevent or stop the establishment or spread of an aquatic nuisance species; (iv) to establish a watch list of candidate aquatic nuisance species that may be intro-duced or spread, and that may survive and establish, within the Great Lakes System; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6871 October 11, 2018 
(v) to monitor vectors likely to be contrib-uting to the introduction or spread of aquat-ic nuisance species, including ballast water operations. (3) M
ETHODOLOGY .—The Program shall seek— (A) to build on existing aquatic nuisance species monitoring efforts in the Great Lakes System; (B) to advance early detection and moni-toring, and capacity to control the establish-ment and spread, of aquatic nuisance species within the Great Lakes System; (C) to identify opportunities to interdict the introduction and spread of aquatic nui-sance species through sound science and technological advancements; (D) to assess the risk of aquatic nuisance species introduction and spread via the range of vectors active within the Great Lakes System; (E) to immediately make available to the public information regarding— (i) the detection of new aquatic nuisance species within the Great Lakes System; or (ii) the spread of aquatic nuisance species within the Great Lakes System; (F) to annually submit to appropriate indi-viduals and entities in each affected region a report describing the findings and activities of the Program; and (G) to identify roles and responsibilities of Federal agencies in aquatic nuisance species monitoring and response. (4) C
OLLABORATION .—In carrying out and developing the Program, the Director shall collaborate with— (A) applicable Federal, State, local, and Tribal agencies; and (B) such other research entities or stake-holders as the Director determines to be ap-propriate. (5) D
ATA AVAILABILITY .—The Director shall— (A) make the data collected under the Pro-gram available on a publicly accessible internet website, including in an annual summary report; (B) in coordination with the entities iden-tified under paragraph (4), develop commu-nication and notification protocols for the purpose of communicating the range of aquatic nuisance species and any identifica-tion of a new aquatic nuisance species intro-duced to the Great Lakes System. (6) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than December 31, 2019, the Director shall submit to Con-gress a report summarizing the outcomes of activities carried out under the Program. (B) C
ONTENTS .—The report under subpara-graph (A) shall include— (i) a description of activities carried out under the Program, including an explanation of how those activities help to achieve the purposes described in paragraph (2)(B); (ii) an analysis of Federal, State, and local efforts to enhance multidisciplinary ap-proaches to achieve the purposes described in paragraph (2)(B); (iii) recommendations relating to activi-ties that would contribute to achievement of the purposes described in paragraph (2)(B); and (iv) recommendations to improve the effi-ciency and effectiveness of the Program. (7) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out the Program $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. (h) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) Section 1102(f) of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4712(f)) is amended by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) BALLAST WATER REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The owner or operator of a vessel subject to this title shall submit to the National Ballast Information Clear-inghouse, by not later than 6 hours after the arrival of the vessel at a United States port or place of destination, the ballast water management report form approved by the Of-fice of Management and Budget numbered OMB 1625–0069 (or a successor form), unless the vessel is operating exclusively on a voy-age between ports or places within a single Captain of the Port Zone. ‘‘(B) M
ULTIPLE DISCHARGES .—The owner or operator of a vessel subject to this title may submit a single report under subparagraph (A) for multiple ballast water discharges within a single port or place of destination during the same voyage. ‘‘(C) A
DVANCE REPORT TO STATES .—A State may require the owner or operator of a ves-sel subject to this title to submit directly to the State, or to an appropriate regional forum, a ballast water management report form— ‘‘(i) not later than 24 hours prior to arrival at a United States port or place of destina-tion in the State, if the voyage of the vessel is anticipated to exceed 24 hours; or ‘‘(ii) before departing the port or place of departure, if the voyage of the vessel to the United States port or place of destination is not anticipated to exceed 24 hours. ‘‘(3) V
ESSEL REPORTING DATA .— ‘‘(A) D
ISSEMINATION TO STATES .—On receipt of a ballast water management report under paragraph (2), the National Ballast Informa-tion Clearinghouse shall— ‘‘(i) in the case of a form submitted elec-tronically, immediately disseminate the re-port to interested States; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a form submitted by means other than electronically, dissemi-nate the report to interested States as soon as practicable. ‘‘(B) A
VAILABILITY TO PUBLIC .—Not later than 30 days after the date of receipt of a ballast water management report under paragraph (2), the National Ballast Informa-tion Clearinghouse shall make the data in the report fully and readily available to the public in a searchable and fully retrievable electronic format. ‘‘(4) R
EPORT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than July 1, 2019, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall prepare and submit a report in accord-ance with this paragraph. ‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—Each report under this paragraph shall synthesize and analyze the data described in paragraph (1) for the pre-ceding 2-year period to evaluate nationwide status and trends relating to— ‘‘(i) ballast water delivery and manage-ment; and ‘‘(ii) invasions of aquatic nuisance species resulting from ballast water. ‘‘(C) D
EVELOPMENT .—The Secretary shall prepare each report under this paragraph in consultation and cooperation with— ‘‘(i) the Task Force; and ‘‘(ii) the Smithsonian Institution (acting through the Smithsonian Environmental Re-search Center). ‘‘(D) S
UBMISSION .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) submit each report under this para-graph to— ‘‘(I) the Task Force; ‘‘(II) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and ‘‘(III) the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives; and ‘‘(ii) make each report available to the public. ‘‘(5) WORKING GROUP .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this para-graph, the Secretary shall establish a work-ing group, including members from the Na-tional Ballast Information Clearinghouse and States with ballast water management programs, to establish a process for com-piling and readily sharing Federal and State commercial vessel reporting and enforce-ment data regarding compliance with this Act.’’. (2) Section 1205 of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4725) is amended— (A) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘Compliance’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) E
FFECT OF COMPLIANCE .—Compliance’’; (B) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘Nothing’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) E
FFECT OF TITLE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), nothing’’; (C) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘All actions’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) C
ONSISTENCY WITH ENVIRONMENTAL  L
AWS.—All actions’’; and (D) in subsection (b) (as so designated), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Any discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel, includ-ing any discharge of ballast water (as those terms are defined in subsections (a) and (p)(1) of section 312 of the Federal Water Pol-lution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322)), shall be regulated in accordance with that section.’’. TITLE X—HYDROGRAPHIC SERVICES AND OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 1001. REAUTHORIZATION OF HYDRO-GRAPHIC SERVICES IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 1998. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATIONS .—Section 306 of the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998 (33 U.S.C. 892d) is amended— (1) in the matter before paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘There are’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—There are’’; (2) in subsection (a) (as designated by para-graph (1))— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘surveys— ’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘surveys, $70,814,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘vessels— ’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘vessels, $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Adminis-tration—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘Admin-istration, $29,932,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; (D) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘title—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘title, $26,800,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; and (E) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘title—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘title, $30,564,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) A
RCTIC PROGRAMS .—Of the amount au-thorized by this section for each fiscal year— ‘‘(1) $10,000,000 is authorized for use in the Arctic— ‘‘(A) to acquire hydrographic data; ‘‘(B) to provide hydrographic services; ‘‘(C) to conduct coastal change analyses necessary to ensure safe navigation; ‘‘(D) to improve the management of coast-al change; and ‘‘(E) to reduce risks of harm to subsistence and coastal communities associated with in-creased international maritime traffic; and ‘‘(2) $2,000,000 is authorized for use to ac-quire hydrographic data and provide hydro-graphic services in the Arctic necessary to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6872 October 11, 2018 
delineate the United States extended Conti-nental Shelf.’’. (b) L
IMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EX-
PENSES FOR SURVEYS .—Section 306 of such Act (33 U.S.C. 892d) is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EX-
PENSES FOR SURVEYS .—Of amounts author-ized by this section for each fiscal year for contract hydrographic surveys, not more than 5 percent is authorized for administra-tive costs associated with contract manage-ment.’’. 
SEC. 1002. SYSTEM FOR TRACKING AND REPORT-ING ALL-INCLUSIVE COST OF HY-DROGRAPHIC SURVEYS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall— (1) develop and implement a system to track and report the full cost to the Depart-ment of Commerce of hydrographic data col-lection, including costs relating to vessel ac-quisition, vessel repair, and administration of contracts to procure data; (2) evaluate measures for comparing cost per unit effort in addition to measures of cost per nautical square mile; and (3) submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report on which additional measures for comparing cost per unit effort the Secretary intends to use and the rationale for such use. (b) D
EVELOPMENT OF STRATEGY FOR IN-
CREASED CONTRACTING WITH NONGOVERN -
MENTAL ENTITIES FOR HYDROGRAPHIC DATA C
OLLECTION .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Secretary completes the activities required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall develop a strategy for how the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration will increase contracting with nongovernmental entities for hydrographic data collection in a manner that is con-sistent with the requirements of the Ocean and Coastal Mapping Integration Act (Public Law 111–11; 33 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.). 
SEC. 1003. HOMEPORT OF CERTAIN RESEARCH VESSELS. 
(a) A CCEPTANCE OF FUNDS AUTHORIZED .— The Secretary of Commerce may accept non- Federal funds for the purpose of the con-struction of a new port facility, including ob-taining such cost estimates, designs, and permits as may be necessary to facilitate the homeporting of the R/V FAIRWEATHER in accordance with title II of the Departments of Commerce, Justice, and State, the Judici-ary, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2002 (Public Law 107–77; 115 Stat. 775) at a location that during such homeporting shall be under the administrative jurisdic-tion of the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere. (b) S
TRATEGIC PLAN REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall develop and submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a strategic plan for implementing subsection (a). (c) A
CCEPTANCE OF FUNDS AUTHORIZED .— The Secretary may accept non-Federal funds for the purpose of the construction of a new port facility, including obtaining such cost estimates, designs, and permits as may be necessary to facilitate the homeporting of a new, existing, or reactivated research vessel in the city of St. Petersburg, Florida, at a lo-cation that during such homeporting shall be under the administrative jurisdiction of the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere. (d) S
TRATEGIC PLAN REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall develop and submit to Congress a strategic plan for con-struction or acquisition of the facilities needed to allow for an oceanographic re-search vessel to be homeported in St. Peters-burg, Florida. The strategic plan shall in-clude an estimate of funding needed to con-struct such facilities. SA 4055. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. C
ORKER ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 390, to provide relief for vic-tims of genocide, crimes against hu-manity, and war crimes who are mem-bers of religious and ethnic minority groups in Iraq and Syria, for account-ability for perpetrators of these crimes, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Iraq and Syria Genocide Relief and Accountability Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The Secretary of State of State de-clared on March 17, 2016, and on August 15, 2017, that Daesh (also known as the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria or ISIS) is respon-sible for genocide, crimes against humanity, and other atrocity crimes against religious and ethnic minority groups in Iraq and Syria, including Christians, Yezidis, and Shia, among other religious and ethnic groups. (2) According to the Department of State’s annual reports on international religious freedom— (A) the number of Christians living in Iraq has dropped from an estimated 800,000 to 1,400,000 in 2002 to fewer than 250,000 in 2017; and (B) the number of Yezidis living in Iraq has fluctuated from 500,000 in 2013, to between 350,000 and 400,000 in 2016, and between 600,000 and 750,000 in 2017. (3) The annual reports on international re-ligious freedom further suggest that— (A) Christian communities living in Syria, which had accounted for between 8 and 10 percent of Syria’s total population in 2010, are now ‘‘considerably’’ smaller as a result of the civil war, and (B) there was a population of approxi-mately 80,000 Yezidis before the commence-ment of the conflict in Syria. (4) Local communities and entities have sought to mitigate the impact of violence di-rected against religious and ethnic minori-ties in Iraq and Syria, including the Chaldean Catholic Archdiocese of Erbil (Kurdistan Region of Iraq), which has used predominantly private funds to provide as-sistance to internally displaced Christians, Yezidis, and Muslims throughout the greater Erbil region, while significant needs and di-minishing resources have made it increas-ingly difficult to continue these efforts. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (B) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; (C) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (D) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (E) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; (F) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (G) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; (H) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; (I) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and (J) the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (2) FOREIGN TERRORIST ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘foreign terrorist organization’’ mean an organization designated by the Secretary of State as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to section 219(a) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189(a)). (3) H
UMANITARIAN , STABILIZATION , AND RE -
COVERY NEEDS .—The term ‘‘humanitarian, stabilization, and recovery needs’’, with re-spect to an individual, includes water, sani-tation, hygiene, food security and nutrition, shelter and housing, reconstruction, medical, education, psychosocial needs, and other as-sistance to address basic human needs, in-cluding stabilization assistance (as defined by the Stabilization Assistance Review in ‘‘A Framework for Maximizing the Effectiveness of U.S. Government Efforts to Stabilize Con-flict-Affected Areas, 2018). (4) H
YBRID COURT .—The term ‘‘hybrid court’’ means a court with a combination of domestic and international lawyers, judges, and personnel. (5) I
NTERNATIONALIZED DOMESTIC COURT .— The term ‘‘internationalized domestic court’’ means a domestic court with the support of international advisers. 
SEC. 4. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It is the policy of the United States to en-sure that assistance for humanitarian, sta-bilization, and recovery needs of individuals who are or were nationals and residents of Iraq or Syria, and of communities in and from those countries, is directed toward those individuals and communities with the greatest need, including those individuals from communities of religious and ethnic minorities, and communities of religious and ethnic minorities, that the Secretary of State declared were targeted for genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes, and have been identified as being at risk of perse-cution, forced migration, genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes. 
SEC. 5. ACTIONS TO PROMOTE ACCOUNTABILITY IN IRAQ FOR GENOCIDE, CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY, AND WAR CRIMES. 
(a) A SSISTANCE .—The Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development are authorized to provide assistance, including financial and technical assistance, as nec-essary and appropriate, to support the ef-forts of entities, including nongovernmental organizations with expertise in international criminal investigations and law, to address genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes, and their constituent crimes by ISIS in Iraq by— (1) conducting criminal investigations; (2) developing indigenous investigative and judicial skills, including by partnering, di-rectly mentoring, and providing necessary equipment and infrastructure to effectively adjudicating cases consistent with due proc-ess and respect for the rule of law; and (3) collecting and preserving evidence and the chain of evidence, including for use in prosecutions in domestic courts, hybrid courts, and internationalized domestic courts, consistent with the activities de-scribed in subsection (b). (b) A
CTIONS BY FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS .— The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Attorney General, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, shall encourage governments of foreign countries— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.056 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6873 October 11, 2018 
(1) to include information in appropriate security databases and security screening procedures of such countries to identify sus-pected ISIS members for whom credible evi-dence exists of having committed genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes, and their constituent crimes, in Iraq; and (2) to apprehend and prosecute such ISIS members for genocide, crimes against hu-manity, or war crimes, as appropriate. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out sub-section (a), the Secretary of State shall con-sult with and consider credible information from entities described in such subsection. 
SEC. 6. IDENTIFICATION OF AND ASSISTANCE TO ADDRESS HUMANITARIAN, STA-BILIZATION, AND RECOVERY NEEDS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN IRAQ AND SYRIA. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION .—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, and Director of National Intelligence, shall seek to identify— (1) threats of persecution and other early- warning indicators of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes against individuals who are or were nationals and residents of Iraq or Syria, are members of re-ligious or ethnic minority groups in such countries, and against whom the Secretary of State has determined ISIS has committed genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes; (2) the religious and ethnic minority groups in Iraq or Syria identified pursuant to paragraph (1) that are at risk of forced mi-gration, within or across the borders of Iraq, Syria, or a country of first asylum, and the primary reasons for such risk; (3)(A) the humanitarian, stabilization, and recovery needs of individuals described in paragraphs (1) and (2), including the assist-ance provided by the United States and by the United Nations, respectively— (i) to address the humanitarian, stabiliza-tion, and recovery needs of such individuals; and (ii) to mitigate the risks of forced migra-tion of such individuals; and (B) assistance provided through the Fund-ing Facility for Immediate Stabilization and Funding Facility for Expanded Stabilization; and (4) to the extent practicable and appro-priate— (A) the entities, including faith-based enti-ties, that are providing assistance to address the humanitarian, stabilization, and recov-ery needs of individuals described in para-graphs (1) and (2); and (B) the extent to which the United States is providing assistance to or through the en-tities referred to in subparagraph (A). (b) A
DDITIONAL CONSULTATION .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary of State shall consult with, and consider credible in-formation from— (1) individuals described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of such subsection; and (2) the entities described in paragraph (4)(A) of such subsection. (c) A
SSISTANCE .—The Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development are authorized to provide assistance, including financial and technical assistance as nec-essary and appropriate, to support the enti-ties described in subsection (a)(4)(A). 
SEC. 7. REPORT. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall sub-mit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that includes— (1) a detailed description of the efforts taken, and efforts proposed to be taken, to implement the provisions of this Act; (2) an assessment of— (A) the feasibility and advisability of pros-ecuting ISIS members for whom credible evi-dence exists of having committed genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes in Iraq, including in domestic courts in Iraq, hybrid courts, and internationalized domes-tic courts; and (B) the measures needed— (i) to ensure effective criminal investiga-tions of such individuals; and (ii) to effectively collect and preserve evi-dence, and preserve the chain of evidence, for prosecution; and (3) recommendations for legislative rem-edies and administrative actions to facilitate the implementation of this Act. (b) FORM.—The report required under sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex, if necessary. 
SA 4056. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. C
ORKER ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 390, to provide relief for vic-tims of genocide, crimes against hu-manity, and war crimes who are mem-bers of religious and ethnic minority groups in Iraq and Syria, for account-ability for perpetrators of these crimes, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘An Act to provide relief for victims of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes who are members of religious and ethnic minority groups in Iraq and Syria, for accountability for perpetrators of these crimes, and for other purposes.’’. 
SA 4057. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. A
LEXANDER ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 2422, to amend the Public Health Service Act to improve essen-tial oral health care for low-income and other underserved individuals by breaking down barriers to care, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the Action for Dental Health Act of 2018. 
SEC. 2. ORAL HEALTH EDUCATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 399LL of the Pub-lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280k) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘
OFORAL HEALTH EDUCATION CAMPAIGN ’’ after ‘‘E
STABLISHMENT ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘focused on oral healthcare prevention and education’’ and inserting ‘‘fo-cused on oral health education’’; (2) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘cam-paign’’ and inserting ‘‘campaign under sub-section (a)’’; and (3) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) A
CTION FOR DENTAL HEALTH PRO-
GRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration, may award grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements to eli-gible entities to collaborate with State or local public health officials, tribal health of-ficials, oral health professional organiza-tions, and others, as appropriate, to develop and implement initiatives to improve oral health, including activities to prevent dental disease and reduce barriers to the provision of dental services, including— ‘‘(A) through community-wide dental dis-ease prevention programs; and ‘‘(B) by increasing public awareness and education related to oral health and dental disease prevention. ‘‘(2) ELIGIBLE ENTITIES .—To be eligible to receive a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement under this subsection, an entity shall be— ‘‘(A) a dental association; ‘‘(B) a State or tribal health department or State or tribal oral health program; ‘‘(C) an accredited dental education, dental hygiene, or postdoctoral dental education program; or ‘‘(D) a non-profit community-based organi-zation that partners with public and private non-profit entities, such as an academic in-stitution, to facilitate the provision of den-tal services to underserved populations.’’; (b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 399LL-1(d) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280k-1(d)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘shall’’ and inserting ‘‘shall, as practicable and appropriate,’’ be-fore ‘‘utilize’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘public education cam-paign’’ and inserting ‘‘oral health education campaign and action for dental health pro-gram’’. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives, a report on the outcomes and effective-ness of programs and activities conducted under sections 399LL and 399LL-1 of the Pub-lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280k and 280k-1). 
SEC. 3. GRANTS FOR INNOVATIVE PROGRAMS. 
Section 340G of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 256g) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(5)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) the establishment or development of models for the provision of dental services to children and adults, such as dental homes, including for the elderly, blind, individuals with disabilities, and individuals living in long-term care facilities; and ‘‘(E) the establishment of initiatives to re-duce the use of emergency departments by individuals who seek dental services more appropriately delivered in a dental primary care setting;’’; and (2) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘$25,000,000 for the 5-fiscal year period beginning with fiscal year 2008’’ and inserting ‘‘$13,903,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. 
SA 4058. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. C
ORKER ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 3342, to impose sanctions with respect to foreign persons that are re-sponsible for using civilians as human shields, and for other purposes; as fol-lows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Sanctioning the Use of Civilians as Defenseless Shields Act’’. 
SEC. 2. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It shall be the policy of the United States to officially and publicly condemn the use of innocent civilians as human shields. 
SEC. 3. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO FOREIGN PERSONS THAT ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE OF CIVILIANS AS HUMAN SHIELDS. 
(a) I MPOSITION OF SANCTIONS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.058 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6874 October 11, 2018 
(1) M ANDATORY SANCTIONS .—The President shall impose sanctions described in sub-section (d) with respect to each person on the list required under subsection (b). (2) P
ERMISSIVE SANCTIONS .—The President may impose sanctions described in sub-section (d) with respect to each person on the list described in subsection (c). (b) M
ANDATORY SANCTIONS LIST.—Not later than one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a list of the following: (1) Each foreign person that the President determines, on or after the date of the enact-ment of this Act— (A) is a member of Hizballah or is know-ingly acting on behalf of Hizballah; and (B) knowingly orders, controls, or other-wise directs the use of civilians protected as such by the law of war to shield military ob-jectives from attack. (2) Each foreign person that the President determines, on or after the date of the enact-ment of this Act— (A) is a member of Hamas or is knowingly acting on behalf of Hamas; and (B) knowingly orders, controls, or other-wise directs the use of civilians protected as such by the law of war to shield military ob-jectives from attack. (3) Each foreign person or agency or instru-mentality of a foreign state that the Presi-dent determines, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, knowingly and mate-rially supports, orders, controls, directs, or otherwise engages in— (A) any act described in subparagraph (B) of paragraph (1) by a person described in that paragraph; or (B) any act described in subparagraph (B) of paragraph (2) by a person described in that paragraph. (c) P
ERMISSIVE SANCTIONS LIST.—Not later than one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the President should submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a list of each foreign person that the President deter-mines, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, knowingly orders, controls, or otherwise directs the use of civilians pro-tected as such by the law of war to shield military objectives from attack, excluding foreign persons included in the most recent list under subsection (b). (d) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .—The sanctions to be imposed on a foreign person or an agen-cy or instrumentality of a foreign state under this subsection are the following: (1) B
LOCKING OF PROPERTY .—The President shall exercise all of the powers granted to the President under the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) to the extent necessary to block and prohibit all transactions in property and in-terests in property of the foreign person or agency or instrumentality of a foreign state if such property or interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (2) A
LIENS INELIGIBLE FOR VISAS , ADMISSION , 
OR PAROLE .— (A) V
ISAS, ADMISSION , OR PAROLE .—An alien who the Secretary of State or the Secretary of Homeland Security determines is subject to sanctions under subsection (a) is— (i) inadmissible to the United States; (ii) ineligible to receive a visa or other doc-umentation to enter the United States; and (iii) otherwise ineligible to be admitted or paroled into the United States or to receive any other benefit under the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.). (B) C
URRENT VISAS REVOKED .—Any visa or other documentation issued to an alien who is subject to sanctions under subsection (a), regardless of when such visa or other docu-mentation was issued, shall be revoked and such alien shall be denied admission to the United States. (C) EXCEPTION TO COMPLY WITH UNITED NA -
TIONS HEADQUARTERS AGREEMENT AND OTHER  
INTERNATIONAL OBLIGATIONS .—The sanctions under this paragraph shall not be imposed on an individual if admitting such individual to the United States is necessary to permit the United States to comply with the Agreement regarding the Headquarters of the United Nations, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force November 21, 1947, between the United Nations and the United States, or with other applicable international obligations. (e) P
ENALTIES .—The penalties provided for in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) shall apply to a person that knowingly violates, attempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of regulations prescribed to carry out this sec-tion to the same extent that such penalties apply to a person that knowingly commits an unlawful act described in section 206(a) of such Act. (f) P
ROCEDURES FOR JUDICIAL REVIEW OF  C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If a finding under this sec-tion, or a prohibition, condition, or penalty imposed as a result of any such finding, is based on classified information (as defined in section 1(a) of the Classified Information Procedures Act (18 U.S.C. App.)) and a court reviews the finding or the imposition of the prohibition, condition, or penalty, the Presi-dent may submit such information to the court ex parte and in camera. (2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to confer or imply any right to judicial review of any finding under this section or any prohibition, condition, or penalty imposed as a result of any such finding. (g) W
AIVER .—The President may waive the application of sanctions under this section if the President determines and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that such waiver is in the national security inter-est of the United States. (h) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may exer-cise all authorities under sections 203 and 205 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702 and 1704) for pur-poses of carrying out this section. (2) I
SSUANCE OF REGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall prescribe such regulations as may be necessary to im-plement this section. (i) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed— (1) to limit the authorities of the President pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) or any other relevant provision of law; or (2) to apply with respect to any activity subject to the reporting requirements under title V of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.), or to any authorized intelligence activities of the United States. 
SEC. 4. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DMITTED ; ALIEN .—The terms ‘‘admit-ted’’ and ‘‘alien’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 101 of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101). (2) A
GENCY OR INSTRUMENTALITY OF A FOR -
EIGN STATE .—The term ‘‘agency or instru-mentality of a foreign state’’ has the mean-ing given that term in section 1603(b) of title 28, United States Code. (3) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on For-eign Relations, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Financial Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. (4) F
OREIGN PERSON .—The term ‘‘foreign person’’ means— (A) any citizen or national of a foreign state, wherever located; or (B) any entity not organized solely under the laws of the United States or existing solely in the United States. (5) H
AMAS .—The term ‘‘Hamas’’ means— (A) the entity known as Hamas and des-ignated by the Secretary of State as a for-eign terrorist organization pursuant to sec-tion 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189); or (B) any person identified as an agent or in-strumentality of Hamas on the list of spe-cially designated nationals and blocked per-sons maintained by the Office of Foreign Asset Control of the Department of the Treasury, the property or interests in prop-erty of which are blocked pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). (6) H
IZBALLAH .—The term ‘‘Hizballah’’ means— (A) the entity known as Hizballah and des-ignated by the Secretary of State as a for-eign terrorist organization pursuant to sec-tion 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189); or (B) any person identified as an agent or in-strumentality of Hizballah on the list of spe-cially designated nationals and blocked per-sons maintained by the Office of Foreign Asset Control of the Department of the Treasury, the property or interests in prop-erty of which are blocked pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). (7) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means any United States citizen, permanent resident alien, en-tity organized under the laws of the United States (including foreign branches), or any person in the United States. 
SEC. 5. SUNSET. 
This Act shall cease to be effective on De-cember 31, 2023. 
SA 4059. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. C
ORKER ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 3342, to impose sanctions with respect to foreign persons that are re-sponsible for using civilians as human shields, and for other purposes; as fol-lows: 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘An Act to impose sanctions with respect to foreign per-sons that are responsible for using civilians as human shields, and for other purposes.’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I have 8 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.057 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6875 October 11, 2018 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, October 11, 2018, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing on China and Russia. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, October 11, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Exploring the cryptocurrency and blockchain ecosystem.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
The Committee on Environment and Public Works is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, October 11, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Thursday, Octo-ber 11, 2018, at 10:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: John Mark Pommersheim, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Tajikistan, William H. Moser, of North Carolina, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Kazakhstan, and Donald Armin Blome, of Illinois, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Tunisia, all of the Department of State. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, October 11, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a business meeting and hearing on the following nominations: Jonathan A. Kobes, of South Dakota, to be United States Cir-cuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, Ken-neth D. Bell, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Western District of North Carolina, Stephanie A. Galla-gher, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maryland, Mary S. McElroy, to be United States District Judge for the District of Rhode Island, Carl J. Nichols, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia, John M. O’Con-nor, to be United States District Judge for the Northern, Eastern and Western Districts of Oklahoma, and Martha Maria Pacold, Mary M. Rowland, and Steven C. Seeger, each to be a United States District Judge for the Northern District of Illinois. 
COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND  
ENTREPRENEURSHIP  
The Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, October 11, 2018, during the first vote, to conduct a hearing. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, October 11, 2018, at 2 p.m., to conduct a closed hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON OCEANS , ATMOSPHERE , 
FISHERIES , AND COAST GUARD  
The Subcommittee on Oceans, At-mosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, October 11, 2018, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing. f 
NOTICE: REGISTRATION OF MASS MAILINGS The filing date for the 2018 third quarter Mass Mailing report is Thurs-day, October 25, 2018. An electronic op-tion is available on Webster that will allow forms to be submitted via a fillable pdf document. If your office did no mass mailings during this period, please submit a form that states ‘‘none.’’ Mass mailing registrations or nega-tive reports can be submitted elec-tronically or delivered to the Senate Office of Public Records, 232 Hart Building, Washington, D.C. 20510–7116. The Senate Office of Public Records is open from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. (9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when the Senate is not in session). For further information, please contact the Senate Office of Public Records at (202) 224–0322. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICES MEMORIAL FOUNDATION TO ES-TABLISH A COMMEMORATIVE WORK IN THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA AND ITS ENVIRONS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 523, H.R. 1037. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1037) to authorize the National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation to establish a commemorative work in the District of Columbia and its en-virons, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 1037) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
GULF ISLANDS NATIONAL SEA-SHORE LAND EXCHANGE ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 376, H.R. 2615. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2615) to authorize the exchange of certain land located in Gulf Islands Na-tional Seashore, Jackson County, Mis-sissippi, between the National Park Service and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, and for other purposes. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill which had been reported from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Gulf Islands National Seashore Land Exchange Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) F
EDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘Federal land’’ means the parcel of approximately 1.542 acres of land that is located within the Gulf Islands Na-tional Seashore in Jackson County, Mississippi, and identified as ‘‘NPS Exchange Area’’ on the Map. (2) M
AP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Gulf Islands National Seashore, Pro-posed Land Exchange with VFW, Davis Bayou Area—Jackson County, MS’’, numbered 635/ 133309, and dated June 2016. (3) N
ON-FEDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘non-Fed-eral land’’ means the parcel of approximately 2.161 acres of land that is located in Jackson County, Mississippi, and identified as ‘‘VFW Exchange Area’’ on the Map. (4) P
OST.—The term ‘‘Post’’ means the Vet-erans of Foreign Wars Post 5699. (5) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the National Park Service. 
SEC. 3. GULF ISLANDS NATIONAL SEASHORE LAND EXCHANGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may convey to the Post all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Federal land in ex-change for the conveyance by the Post to the Secretary of all right, title, and interest of the Post in and to the non-Federal land. (b) E
QUAL VALUE EXCHANGE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The values of the Federal land and non-Federal land to be exchanged under this section shall be equal, as determined by an appraisal conducted— (A) by a qualified and independent appraiser; and (B) in accordance with nationally recognized appraisal standards. (2) E
QUALIZATION .—If the values of the Fed-eral land and non-Federal land to be exchanged under this section are not equal, the values shall be equalized through— (A) a cash payment; or (B) adjustments to the acreage of the Federal land or non-Federal land to be exchanged, as applicable. (c) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—As a condition of the exchange authorized under this section, the Sec-retary shall require the Post to pay the costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for the costs incurred by the Sec-retary, to carry out the exchange, including— (A) survey costs; (B) any costs relating to environmental docu-mentation; and (C) any other administrative costs relating to the land exchange. (2) R
EFUND .—If the Secretary collects amounts from the Post under paragraph (1) before the Secretary incurs the actual costs and the amount collected by the Secretary exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the land exchange under this section, the Secretary shall provide to the Post a refund of the excess amount paid by the Post. (3) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN AMOUNTS RE -
CEIVED .—Amounts received by the Secretary from the Post as reimbursement for costs in-curred under paragraph (1) shall be— (A) credited to the fund or account from which amounts were used to pay the costs in-curred by the Secretary in carrying out the land exchange; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.061 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6876 October 11, 2018 
(B) merged with amounts in the fund or ac-count to which the amounts were credited under subparagraph (A); and (C) available for the same purposes as, and subject to the same conditions and limitations applicable to, amounts in the fund or account to which the amounts were credited under sub-paragraph (A). (d) D
ESCRIPTION OF FEDERAL LAND AND NON- F
EDERAL LAND.—The exact acreage and legal description of the Federal land and non-Federal land to be exchanged under this section shall be determined by surveys that are determined to be satisfactory by the Secretary and the Post. (e) C
ONVEYANCE AGREEMENT .—The exchange of Federal land and non-Federal land under this section shall be— (1) carried out through a quitclaim deed or other legal instrument; and (2) subject to such terms and conditions as are mutually satisfactory to the Secretary and the Post, including such additional terms and con-ditions as the Secretary considers to be appro-priate to protect the interests of the United States. (f) V
ALID EXISTING RIGHTS .—The exchange of Federal land and non-Federal land authorized under this section shall be subject to valid exist-ing rights. (g) T
ITLE APPROVAL .—Title to the Federal land and non-Federal land to be exchanged under this section shall be in a form acceptable to the Secretary. (h) T
REATMENT OF ACQUIRED LAND.—Any non-Federal land and interests in non-Federal land acquired by the United States under this section shall be administered by the Secretary as part of the Gulf Islands National Seashore. (i) M
ODIFICATION OF BOUNDARY .—On comple-tion of the exchange of Federal land and non- Federal land under this section, the Secretary shall modify the boundary of the Gulf Islands National Seashore to reflect the exchange of Federal land and non-Federal land. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported substitute amendment be agreed to and the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on the bill, as amended. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? Hearing none, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (H.R. 2615), as amended, was passed. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
STUDY OF UNDERREPRESENTED CLASSES CHASING ENGINEERING AND SCIENCE SUCCESS ACT OF 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 6758, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (H.R. 6758) to direct the Under Sec-retary of Commerce for Intellectual Prop-erty and Director of the United States Pat-ent and Trademark Office, in consultation with the Administrator of the Small Busi-ness Administration, to study and provide recommendations to promote the participa-tion of women, minorities, and veterans in entrepreneurship activities and the patent system, to extend by 8 years the Patent and Trademark Office’s authority to set the amounts for the fees it charges, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 6758) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
IRAQ AND SYRIA GENOCIDE EMER-GENCY RELIEF AND ACCOUNT-ABILITY ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 227, H.R. 390. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 390) to provide emergency re-lief for victims of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes in Iraq and Syria, for accountability for perpetrators of these crimes, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amend-ment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Iraq and Syria Genocide Emergency Relief and Accountability Act of 2017’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Findings; sense of Congress. Sec. 3. Sense of Congress on the urgent need for a political solution to the crisis in Syria. Sec. 4. Definitions. Sec. 5. Statement of policy. Sec. 6. Actions to promote accountability in Iraq and Syria for acts of geno-cide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes. Sec. 7. Identification of and assistance to ad-dress humanitarian, stabilization, and recovery needs of certain per-sons in Iraq and Syria. Sec. 8. Reports. Sec. 9. Technical assistance authorized. Sec. 10. Department of State Rewards for Jus-tice Program. Sec. 11. Syria Study Group. Sec. 12. Independent International Commission of Inquiry on the Syrian Arab Re-public. Sec. 13. Prohibition on additional funding. SEC. 2. FINDINGS; SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) Religious and ethnic minorities in Iraq and Syria are persecuted groups. The Secretary of State of State declared on March 17, 2016, and August 15, 2017, that the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), is responsible for genocide, crimes against humanity, and other atrocity crimes against several of these groups, including Christians and Yezidis. (2) The Independent International Commis-sion of Inquiry on the Syrian Arab Republic stated in its February 3, 2016, report, ‘‘The Gov-ernment has committed the crimes against hu-manity of extermination, murder, rape or other forms of sexual violence, torture, imprisonment, enforced disappearance and other inhuman acts. Based on the same conduct, war crimes have also been committed. Both Jabhat Al- Nusra and some anti-Government armed groups have committed the war crimes of murder, cruel treatment, and torture.’’. (3) The International Criminal Investigative Training Assistance Program and the Office of Overseas Prosecutorial Development Assistance and Training of the Department of Justice have provided technical assistance to governmental judicial and law enforcement entities in Iraq, including with funding support from the De-partment of State. (4) According to the Department of State’s an-nual reports on international religious free-dom— (A) the number of Christians living in Iraq has dropped from an estimated 800,000 to 1,400,000 in 2002 to fewer than 250,000 in 2016; and (B) the number of Yezidis living in Iraq has dropped from 500,000 in 2013 to between 350,000 and 400,000 in 2016. (5) The annual reports on international reli-gious freedom also suggest that— (A) Christian communities living in Syria, which had accounted for between 8 and 10 per-cent of Syria’s total population in 2010, are now considerably smaller as a result of the civil war; and (B) the population of approximately 80,000 Yezidis in 2010 may now be larger because of refugees from Iraq. (6) On December 21, 2016, the United Nations General Assembly adopted a resolution to estab-lish the International, Impartial and Inde-pendent Mechanism to Assist in the Investiga-tion and Prosecution of Those Responsible for the Most Serious Crimes under International Law Committed in the Syrian Arab Republic since March 2011. (7) Local communities and entities have sought to mitigate the impact of violence di-rected against religious and ethnic minorities in Iraq and Syria, including the Chaldean Catho-lic Archdiocese of Erbil (Kurdistan Region of Iraq), which has used private funds to provide assistance to internally displaced Christians, Yezidis, and Muslims throughout the greater Erbil region, while growing needs and dimin-ishing resources have made it increasingly dif-ficult to continue these efforts. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress— (1) strongly condemns— (A) the ongoing violence, the use of chemical weapons, targeting of civilian populations with barrel, incendiary, and cluster bombs and SCUD missiles, and the systematic gross human rights violations carried out by the Government of Syria and pro-government forces under the di-rection of President Bashar al-Assad; and (B) all abuses committed by violent extremist groups and other combatants involved in the civil war in Syria; (2) expresses its support for the people of Syria seeking democratic change; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 Dec 23, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\RECORD18\OCTOBER\S11OC8.REC S11OC8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6877 October 11, 2018 
(3) urges all parties to the conflict— (A) to immediately halt indiscriminate attacks on civilians; (B) to allow for the delivery of humanitarian and medical assistance; and (C) to end sieges of civilian populations; (4) calls on the President to support efforts in Syria, and on the part of the international com-munity, to ensure accountability for war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide com-mitted during the conflict; and (5) supports the request in United Nations Se-curity Council Resolutions 2139 (2014), 2165 (2014), and 2191 (2014) for the Secretary-General to regularly report to the Security Council on the implementation of the resolutions, including paragraph 2 of Resolution 2139, which ‘‘de-mands that all parties immediately put an end to all forms of violence [and] cease and desist from all violations of international humani-tarian law and violations and abuses of human rights’’. 
SEC. 3. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE URGENT NEED FOR A POLITICAL SOLUTION TO THE CRISIS IN SYRIA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) The transnational Salafi-jihadi organiza-tions Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) and al Qaeda are utilizing the conflict in Syria and the actions of the Assad regime to recruit and mobilize fighter and popular support. (2) The crisis in Syria has led to the creation of terrorist safe havens controlled by ISIS and al Qaeda, along with other extremist groups, which have become bases from which to plan, direct, and inspire attacks against the United States and its allies and partners. (3) The spread of violence perpetuated by the civil war in Syria and the flow of refugees is a threat to the security of our allies in the Middle East and Europe, placing immense domestic and humanitarian burdens on Syria’s neighbors, most notably Lebanon, Jordan, Turkey, and Iraq. (4) The Syrian conflict has allowed Iran’s Is-lamic Revolutionary Guard Corps and its prox-ies to increase their influence in parts of Syria and potentially threaten Israel’s borders. (5) The United Nations Security Council reso-lutions 2332 (2016), 2268 (2016), and 2139 (2014) call for the implementation of a cessation of hostilities in Syria and reaffirm the inter-national community’s support for the imme-diate, direct, and uninhibited access of humani-tarian workers throughout the Syrian Arab Re-public. (6) The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees estimates that the Syrian conflict has created over 5,000,000 refugees and 6,300,000 in-ternally displaced persons. (7) Widespread and systematic attacks on ci-vilians, schools, hospitals, and other civilian in-frastructure, in violation of international hu-manitarian law, continue in Syria, in particular as result of the actions of the Assad regime and its Russian and Iranian supporters. (8) Amnesty International has documented evidence of mass human rights abuses of detain-ees at the Assad Regime’s Saydnaya Military Prison, including the summary execution by hanging of an estimated 5,000 to 13,000 detainees between September 2011 and December 2015. (9) The regime of Bashar al-Assad has repeat-edly blocked civilian access to or diverted hu-manitarian assistance, including medical sup-plies, from besieged and hard-to-reach areas, in violation of United Nations Security Council resolutions. (10) The Assad regime is subject to and in vio-lation of both United Nations Security Council Resolution 2118 (2013) on the Framework for Elimination of Syrian Chemical Weapons and United Nations Security Council Resolution 2209 (2015) Condemning the Use of Chlorine Gas in Syria. (11) The Governments of the Russian Federa-tion and Iran have supported the Assad regime, perpetuated the conflict, and deployed tactics and strategies that have caused grave harm to civilians, including their conduct in the siege of eastern Aleppo which may constitute war crimes and crimes against humanity. (12) The United States Government has pro-vided nearly $6,000,000,000 since 2011 in humani-tarian assistance to communities and people di-rectly impacted by the Syrian conflict, including $364,000,000 that will be provided in fiscal year 2017 for refugees and other people displaced by the Syrian conflict. (13) The United States Armed Forces are lead-ing the Global Coalition to Counter ISIS and are deployed with Coalition allies within the terri-tory of Syria and are working by, with, and through local Syrian partner forces to defeat ISIS and stabilize territory taken from it. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress— (1) urges all parties to the conflict in Syria, particularly the Russian Federation, Iran, and Iranian-backed militias, to immediately halt in-discriminate attacks, the imposition of starva-tion sieges, and other forms of warfare directed against civilians and civilian infrastructure; (2) strongly urges all parties to the conflict to respect the safety, security, independence, and impartiality of humanitarian workers and med-ical professionals, ensuring freedom of move-ment to deliver aid, particularly in areas of Syria controlled by opposition forces; (3) encourages the President to make it the policy of the United States Government to con-tinue to coordinate a comprehensive and gen-erous response to the humanitarian crisis in Syria, including assistance and development and protection of human rights inside Syria and in the region; (4) urges all parties in Syria to support the im-mediate and full implementation of United Na-tions Security Council Resolution 2268 (2016), which calls for a cessation of hostilities in the conflict, except with respect to ISIS and al Qaeda and their affiliated organizations, and to facilitate the provision of humanitarian assist-ance and reconstruction of war-affected commu-nities in Syria; (5) affirms that the elimination of al Qaeda and ISIS safe havens in Syria from which those organizations can plan and launch attacks against the United States and its partners is a vital national security interest of the United States; (6) affirms that the stability of key European and Middle Eastern partners is vital to the na-tional security of the United States, and pre-venting the Syrian conflict from undermining that stability is a top priority for the United States; (7) calls on the international community to continue to support neighboring countries and host communities who are generously sup-porting refugees and internally displaced per-sons fleeing the conflict in Syria; (8) calls on the President to continue the ac-tive participation of the United States Govern-ment in a robust and effective diplomatic proc-ess to achieve a political agreement to the Syr-ian conflict; and (9) urges the President to develop and submit to the Committees on Foreign Relations and Armed Services of the Senate and the Commit-tees on Foreign Affairs and Armed Services of the House of Representatives within 90 days a strategy for providing long-term stability and security in areas seized from ISIS in Syria. 
SEC. 4. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; (C) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (D) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (E) the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; and (F) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (2) GENOCIDE .—The term ‘‘genocide’’ means any offense described in section 1091(a) of title 18, United States Code. (3) H
UMANITARIAN , STABILIZATION , AND RE -
COVERY NEEDS .—The term ‘‘humanitarian, sta-bilization, and recovery needs’’, with respect to an individual, includes water, sanitation, hy-giene, food security, nutrition, shelter, housing, reconstruction, medical, education, and psycho-social needs. (4) H
YBRID TRIBUNAL .—The term ‘‘hybrid tri-bunal’’ means a temporary criminal tribunal that involves a combination of domestic and international lawyers, judges, and other profes-sionals to prosecute individuals suspected of committing war crimes, crimes against human-ity, or genocide. (5) I
NTERNATIONALIZED DOMESTIC COURT .— The term ‘‘internationalized domestic court’’ means a domestic court with the support of international advisers. (6) T
RANSITIONAL JUSTICE .—The term ‘‘transi-tional justice’’ means the range of judicial, non-judicial, formal, informal, retributive, and re-storative measures employed by countries transitioning out of armed conflict or repressive regimes— (A) to redress legacies of atrocities; and (B) to promote long-term, sustainable peace. (7) W
AR CRIME .—The term ‘‘war crime’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2441(c) of title 18, United States Code. 
SEC. 5. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It is the policy of the United States to ensure that assistance for humanitarian, stabilization, and recovery needs of individuals who are or were nationals and residents of Iraq or Syria, and of communities from those countries, is di-rected toward those individuals and commu-nities with the greatest need, including those in-dividuals from communities of religious and eth-nic minorities. 
SEC. 6. ACTIONS TO PROMOTE ACCOUNTABILITY IN IRAQ AND SYRIA FOR ACTS OF GENOCIDE, CRIMES AGAINST HU-MANITY, AND WAR CRIMES. 
(a) A SSISTANCE .—The Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development are authorized, in consultation with the government of Iraq, to provide assistance, including financial and technical assistance, as may be necessary and appropriate to support the efforts of entities, in-cluding nongovernmental organizations with ex-pertise in international criminal investigations and law, to undertake the following activities to address crimes of genocide, crimes against hu-manity, or war crimes in Iraq by ISIS since Jan-uary 2014: (1) Conducting criminal investigations. (2) Developing indigenous investigative and judicial skills, including by partnering, directly mentoring, and providing equipment and infra-structure, as necessary, to effectively adjudicate cases in accordance with due process and re-spect for the rule of law. (3) Collecting and preserving evidence and the chain of evidence, including for use in prosecu-tions in domestic courts, hybrid tribunals, and internationalized domestic courts, consistent with the activities described in subsection (b). (b) A
CTIONS BY FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS .—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the At-torney General, the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Director of the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation, shall encourage governments of for-eign countries to include in appropriate security databases and security screening procedures of such countries information to identify suspected ISIS members for whom credible evidence exists of having committed acts of genocide, crimes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.093 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6878 October 11, 2018 
against humanity or war crimes in Iraq and Syria since January 2014, and to prosecute such individuals for acts of genocide, crimes against humanity or war crimes, as appropriate. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out sub-section (a), the Secretary of State shall consult with, and consider credible information from, entities described in such subsection. 
SEC. 7. IDENTIFICATION OF AND ASSISTANCE TO ADDRESS HUMANITARIAN, STA-BILIZATION, AND RECOVERY NEEDS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN IRAQ AND SYRIA. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION .—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, and the Director of National Intelligence, shall seek to identify— (1) the threats of persecution and other early- warning indicators of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes against individuals— (A) who are or were nationals and residents of Iraq or Syria, are members of a religious or eth-nic minority group in either such country, and against whom ISIS has committed acts of geno-cide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes since January 2014, as determined by the Sec-retary of State; or (B) who are members of another religious or ethnic minority group in Iraq or Syria that the Secretary of State has identified as a persecuted group; (2) the religious and ethnic minority groups in Iraq or Syria identified pursuant to paragraph (1) that are at risk of forced migration within or across the borders of Iraq, Syria, or a country of first asylum, and the primary reasons for such risk; (3) the humanitarian, stabilization, and recov-ery needs of individuals and groups described in paragraphs (1) and (2), including the assistance provided by the United States and by the United Nations, respectively, to address the humani-tarian, stabilization, and recovery needs, and mitigate the risks of forced migration, of individ-uals and groups described in paragraphs (1) and (2), and assistance provided through the Fund-ing Facility for Immediate Stabilization and Funding Facility for Expanded Stabilization; and (4) to the extent practicable and appropriate, the entities, including faith-based entities, that are providing assistance to address the humani-tarian, stabilization, and recovery needs of indi-viduals and groups described in paragraphs (1) and (2), and the extent to which the United States is providing assistance to or through such entities. (b) A
DDITIONAL CONSULTATION .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary of State shall consult with, and consider credible information from— (1) individuals and groups described in para-graphs (1) and (2) of such subsection; and (2) entities described in paragraph (4) of such subsection. (c) A
SSISTANCE .—The Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development are authorized to provide assistance, including financial and technical assistance as necessary and appro-priate, to support entities described in sub-section (a)(4) that the Secretary and the Admin-istrator determine have access, and are capable of effectively managing and delivering such as-sistance, to the individuals and groups described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of such subsection. 
SEC. 8. REPORTS. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that includes— (1) a detailed description of the efforts taken, and efforts proposed to be taken, to implement the provisions of this Act; (2) an assessment of— (A) the feasibility and advisability of pros-ecuting suspected ISIS members for whom cred-ible evidence exists of having committed acts of genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes in Iraq since January 2014, in domestic courts in Iraq, hybrid tribunals, and inter-nationalized domestic courts; and (B) the measures needed— (i) to ensure effective criminal investigations of such individuals; and (ii) to effectively collect and preserve evidence and preserve the chain of evidence, for prosecu-tion; (3) recommendations for legislative remedies and administrative actions to facilitate the im-plementation of this Act. (b) SUPPORT FOR THE INVESTIGATION AND  P
ROSECUTION OF WARCRIMES .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that includes— (1) a detailed description of the efforts taken, and efforts proposed to be taken, by the Sec-retary of State to implement subsections (a) and (b) of section 5; and (2) an assessment of— (A) the feasibility and advisability of pros-ecuting suspected ISIS members for whom cred-ible evidence exists of having committed geno-cide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes in Iraq since January 2014, in domestic courts in Iraq, hybrid tribunals, and internationalized domestic courts; and (B) the capacity building, and other measures, needed to ensure effective criminal investiga-tions of such individuals. (c) R
EPORT ON ACCOUNTABILITY FOR WAR C
RIMES , CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY , ANDGENO-
CIDE IN SYRIA.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of State shall submit a report to the ap-propriate congressional committees on war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria. The Secretary of State shall submit an-other such report not later than 180 days after the Secretary determines that the violence in Syria has ceased. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The reports submitted under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) a description of alleged war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide perpetrated during the civil war in Syria, including— (i) incidents that may constitute war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide committed by the regime of President Bashar al-Assad and all forces fighting on its behalf; (ii) incidents that may constitute war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide committed by violent extremist groups, anti-government forces, and any other combatants in the con-flict; (iii) any incidents that may violate the prin-ciple of medical neutrality and, if possible, the identification of the individual or individuals who engaged in or organized such incidents; and (iv) if possible, a description of the conven-tional and unconventional weapons used for such crimes and the origins of such weapons; and (B) a description and assessment by the Office of Global Criminal Justice of the Department of State, the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, the Department of Jus-tice, and other appropriate agencies of programs that the United States Government has under-taken to ensure accountability for war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide per-petrated against the people of Syria by the re-gime of President Bashar al-Assad, violent ex-tremist groups, and other combatants involved in the conflict, including programs— (i) to train investigators within and outside of Syria on documenting, investigating, developing findings of, and identifying and locating alleged perpetrators of war crimes, crimes against hu-manity, or genocide, including— (I) the number of United States Government or contract personnel currently designated to work full-time on such issues; and (II) identifying the authorities and appropria-tions being used to support such training ef-forts; (ii) to promote and prepare for a transitional justice process or processes for the perpetrators of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria beginning in March 2011; (iii) to document, collect, preserve, and protect evidence of war crimes, crimes against human-ity, and genocide in Syria, including support for Syrian, foreign, and international nongovern-mental organizations, and other entities, includ-ing the International, Impartial and Inde-pendent Mechanism to Assist in the Investiga-tion and Prosecution of Persons Responsible for the Most Serious Crimes under International Law Committed in the Syrian Arab Republic since March 2011 and the Independent Inter-national Commission of Inquiry on the Syrian Arab Republic; and (iv) to assess the influence of accountability measures on efforts to reach a negotiated settle-ment to the Syrian conflict during the reporting period. (3) FORM.—The reports required under para-graph (1) may be submitted in unclassified or classified form, but shall include a publicly available annex. (d) T
RANSITIONAL JUSTICE STUDY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State (acting through appropriate officials and offices, which may in-clude the Office of Global Criminal Justice), after consultation with the Department of Jus-tice, the United States Agency for International Development, and other appropriate Federal agencies, shall— (1) complete a study of the feasibility and de-sirability of potential transitional justice mecha-nisms for Syria, including a hybrid tribunal, to address war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide perpetrated in Syria beginning in March 2011; and (2) submit a detailed report of the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1), in-cluding recommendations on which transitional justice mechanisms the United States Govern-ment should support, why such mechanisms should be supported, and what type of support should be offered, to— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (C) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (D) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (e) F
ORM.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-section (c)(3), each report required under this section shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex, if nec-essary. (2) P
ROTECTION OF WITNESSES AND EVI -
DENCE .—In carrying out this section, the Sec-retary of State shall take due care to ensure that the identification of witnesses and physical evidence are not publicly disclosed in a manner that might place such persons at risk of harm or encourage the destruction of evidence by the Government of Syria, violent extremist groups, anti-government forces, or any other combat-ants or participants in the conflict. 
SEC. 9. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AUTHORIZED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State (act-ing through appropriate officials and offices, which may include the Office of Global Criminal Justice), after consultation with the Department of Justice and other appropriate Federal agen-cies, is authorized to provide appropriate assist-ance to support entities that, with respect to war crimes, crimes against humanity, and geno-cide perpetrated by the regime of President Bashar al-Assad, all forces fighting on its be-half, and all non-state armed groups fighting in the country, including violent extremist groups in Syria beginning in March 2011— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.093 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6879 October 11, 2018 
(1) identify suspected perpetrators of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide; (2) collect, document, and protect evidence of crimes and preserve the chain of custody for such evidence; (3) conduct criminal investigations; (4) build Syria’s investigative and judicial ca-pacities and support prosecutions in the domes-tic courts of Syria, provided that President Bashar al-Assad is no longer in power; (5) support investigations by third-party states, as appropriate; or (6) protect witnesses that may be helpful to prosecutions or other transitional justice mecha-nisms. (b) A
DDITIONAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary of State, after consultation with appropriate Federal agencies and the appropriate congres-sional committees, and taking into account the findings of the transitional justice study re-quired under section 7(d), is authorized to pro-vide assistance to support the creation and oper-ation of transitional justice mechanisms, includ-ing a potential hybrid tribunal, to prosecute in-dividuals suspected of committing war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide in Syria beginning in March 2011. (c) B
RIEFING .—The Secretary of State shall provide detailed, biannual briefings to the ap-propriate congressional committees describing the assistance provided to entities described in subsection (a). 
SEC. 10. DEPARTMENT OF STATE REWARDS FOR JUSTICE PROGRAM. 
Section 36(b)(10) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2708 (b)(10)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(including war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide committed in Syria beginning in March 2011)’’ after ‘‘genocide’’. 
SEC. 11. SYRIA STUDY GROUP. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is hereby estab-lished a working group to be known as the ‘‘Syria Study Group’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Group’’). (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Group is to examine and make recommendations with re-spect to the military and diplomatic strategy of the United States with respect to the conflict in Syria. (c) C
OMPOSITION .— (1) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Group shall be com-posed of 8 members, who shall be appointed as follows: (A) One member appointed by the chair of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate. (B) One member appointed by the ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate. (C) One member appointed by the chair of the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. (D) One member appointed by the ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Foreign Re-lations of the Senate. (E) One member appointed by the chair of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (F) One member appointed by the ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Armed Serv-ices of the House of Representatives. (G) One member appointed by the chair of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (H) One member appointed by the ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs of the House of Representatives. (2) C
O-CHAIRS .— (A) The chair of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, the chair of the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the House of Rep-resentatives, the chair of the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate, and the chair of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives shall jointly designate 1 mem-ber of the Group to serve as co-chair of the Group. (B) The ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the Senate, the ranking minority member of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, the ranking minority member of the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the ranking minority member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives shall jointly designate 1 member of the Group to serve as co-chair of the Group. (3) PERIOD OF APPOINTMENT ; VACANCIES .— Members shall be appointed for the life of the Group. Any vacancy in the Group shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. (d) D
UTIES .— (1) R
EVIEW .—The Group shall review the cur-rent situation with respect to the United States military and diplomatic strategy in Syria, in-cluding a review of current United States objec-tives in Syria and the desired end state in Syria. (2) A
SSESSMENT AND RECOMMENDATIONS .—The Group shall— (A) conduct a comprehensive assessment of the current situation in Syria, its impact on neighboring countries, resulting regional and geopolitical threats to the United States, and current military, diplomatic, and political ef-forts to achieve a stable Syria; and (B) develop recommendations on a military and diplomatic strategy for the United States with respect to the conflict in Syria. (e) C
OOPERATION FROM UNITED STATES GOV-
ERNMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Group shall receive the full and timely cooperation of the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Director of National Intelligence in providing the Group with analyses, briefings, and other information necessary for the discharge of the duties of the Group. (2) L
IAISON .—The Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Director of National Intelligence shall each designate at least 1 offi-cer or employee of their respective organizations to serve as a liaison officer to the Group. (f) R
EPORT .— (1) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than November 30, 2018, the Group shall submit a report to the President, the Secretary of Defense, the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the Senate, the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate, and the Committee on For-eign Affairs of the House of Representatives that describes the findings, conclusions, and recommendations of the Group under this sec-tion, including— (A) an assessment of the current security, po-litical, humanitarian, and economic situation in Syria; (B) an assessment of the current participation and objectives of various external actors in Syria; (C) an assessment of the consequences of con-tinued conflict in Syria; (D) recommendations for a resolution of the conflict in Syria, including options for a grad-ual political transition to a post-Assad Syria and actions necessary for reconciliation; (E) a roadmap for a United States and coali-tion strategy to reestablish security and govern-ance in Syria, including recommendations for the synchronization of stabilization, develop-ment, counterterrorism, and reconstruction ef-forts; and (F) any other matters with respect to the con-flict in Syria that the Group considers appro-priate. (2) I
NTERIM BRIEFING .—Not later than June 30, 2018, the Group shall provide a briefing to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives on the status of its review and assessment under subsection (d) and a discussion of any interim recommendations developed by the Group as of the date of the briefing. (3) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report submitted to Congress under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classi-fied annex. (g) FACILITATION .—The United States Insti-tute of Peace shall take appropriate actions to facilitate the Group in the discharge of its du-ties under this section. (h) T
ERMINATION .—The Group shall terminate on the date that is 6 months after the date on which the Group submits the report required under subsection (f)(1). 
SEC. 12. INDEPENDENT INTERNATIONAL COMMIS-SION OF INQUIRY ON THE SYRIAN ARAB REPUBLIC. 
The Secretary of State, acting through the United States Permanent Representative to the United Nations, should use the voice, vote, and influence of the United States at the United Na-tions to advocate that the United Nations Human Rights Council, while the United States remains a member, annually extend the mandate of the Independent International Commission of Inquiry in the Syrian Arab Republic until the Commission has completed its investigation of all alleged violations of international human rights laws beginning in March 2011 in the Syr-ian Arab Republic. 
SEC. 13. PROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL FUNDING. 
No additional funds are authorized to be ap-propriated to carry out this Act. This Act shall be carried out using amounts otherwise author-ized and appropriated. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported amendment be withdrawn; that the Corker amendment at the desk be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; that the title amendment at the desk be agreed to; and that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment was withdrawn. The amendment (No. 4055) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 390), as amended, was passed. The amendment (No. 4056) was agreed to as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the title) Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘An Act to provide relief for victims of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes who are members of religious and ethnic minority groups in Iraq and Syria, for accountability for perpetrators of these crimes, and for other purposes.’’. f 
RENAMING THE STOP TRADING ON CONGRESSIONAL KNOWLEDGE ACT OF 2012 IN HONOR OF REP-RESENTATIVE LOUISE M
CINTOSH SLAUGHTER Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 6870 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.093 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6880 October 11, 2018 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 6870) to rename the Stop Trad-ing on Congressional Knowledge Act of 2012 in honor of Representative Louise McIntosh Slaughter. 
There being no objection, the com-mittee was discharged, and the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 6870) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
SICKLE CELL DISEASE RESEARCH, SURVEILLANCE, PREVENTION, AND TREATMENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 553, S. 2465. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2465) to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a sickle cell dis-ease prevention and treatment demonstra-tion program and to provide for sickle cell disease research, surveillance, prevention, and treatment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection to proceeding to the meas-ure? Without objection, the Senate pro-ceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Sickle Cell Dis-ease and Other Heritable Blood Disorders Re-search, Surveillance, Prevention, and Treatment Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. DATA COLLECTION ON CERTAIN BLOOD DISORDERS. 
Part A of title XI of the Public Health Service Act is amended by inserting after section 1105 (42 U.S.C. 300b-4) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1106. SICKLE CELL DISEASE AND OTHER HERITABLE BLOOD DISORDERS RE-SEARCH, SURVEILLANCE, PREVEN-TION, AND TREATMENT. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may award grants related to heritable blood disorders, in-cluding sickle cell disease, for one or more of the following purposes: ‘‘(A) To collect and maintain data on such diseases and conditions, including subtypes as applicable, and their associated health outcomes and complications, including for the purpose of— ‘‘(i) improving national incidence and preva-lence data; ‘‘(ii) identifying health disparities, including the geographic distribution, related to such dis-eases and conditions; ‘‘(iii) assessing the utilization of therapies and strategies to prevent complications; and ‘‘(iv) evaluating the effects of genetic, envi-ronmental, behavioral, and other risk factors that may affect such individuals. ‘‘(B) To conduct public health activities with respect to such conditions, which may include— ‘‘(i) developing strategies to improve health outcomes and access to quality health care for the screening for, and treatment and manage-ment of, such diseases and conditions, including through public-private partnerships; ‘‘(ii) providing support to community-based organizations and State and local health de-partments in conducting education and training activities for patients, communities, and health care providers concerning such diseases and conditions; ‘‘(iii) supporting State health departments and regional laboratories, including through training, in testing to identify such diseases and conditions, including specific forms of sickle cell disease, in individuals of all ages; and ‘‘(iv) the identification and evaluation of best practices for treatment of such diseases and con-ditions, and prevention and management of their related complications. ‘‘(2) POPULATION INCLUDED .—The Secretary shall, to the extent practicable, award grants under this subsection to eligible entities across the United States to improve data on the inci-dence and prevalence of heritable blood dis-orders, including sickle cell disease, and the geo-graphic distribution of such diseases and condi-tions. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION .—To seek a grant under this subsection, an eligible entity shall submit an ap-plication to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(4) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under this subsection, the Secretary may give priority, as appropriate, to eligible entities that have a relationship with a community-based organiza-tion that has experience in, or is capable of, providing services to individuals with heritable blood disorders, including sickle cell disease. ‘‘(5) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—In this subsection, the term ‘eligible entity’ includes the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands, American Samoa, Guam, the Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of Marshall Islands, the Republic of Palau, Indian tribes, a State or local health department, an institution of higher education, or a nonprofit entity with appropriate experience to conduct the activities under this subsection.’’. 
SEC. 3. SICKLE CELL DISEASE PREVENTION AND TREATMENT. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATION .—Section 712(c) of the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–357; 42 U.S.C. 300b–1 note) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Sickle Cell Disease’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘sickle cell dis-ease’’; (2) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘shall conduct a demonstration program by making grants to up to 40 eligible entities for each fiscal year in which the program is conducted under this section for the purpose of developing and establishing systemic mechanisms to improve the prevention and treatment of Sickle Cell Disease’’ and inserting ‘‘shall continue efforts, including by awarding grants, to develop or establish mechanisms to improve the treatment of sickle cell disease, and to improve the prevention and treatment of complications of sickle cell disease, in populations with a high proportion of indi-viduals with sickle cell disease’’; (3) in paragraph (1)(B)— (A) by striking clause (ii) (relating to pri-ority); and (B) by striking ‘‘G
RANT AWARD REQUIRE -
MENTS ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘The Ad-ministrator shall’’ and inserting ‘‘G
EOGRAPHIC  
DIVERSITY .—The Administrator shall’’; (4) in paragraph (2), by adding the following new subparagraph at the end: ‘‘(E) To provide or coordinate services for ado-lescents with sickle cell disease making the tran-sition to adult health care.’’; and (5) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘$10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘$4,455,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. (b) TECHNICAL CHANGES .—Subsection (c) of section 712 of the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 (Public Law 108-357; 42 U.S.C. 300b-1 note), as amended by subsection (a), is— (1) transferred to the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 201 et seq.); (2) redesignated as subsection (b); and (3) inserted at the end of section 1106 of such Act, as added by section 2 of this Act. 
SEC. 4. SENSE OF THE SENATE. 
It is the Sense of the Senate that further re-search should be undertaken to expand the un-derstanding of the causes of, and to find cures for, heritable blood disorders, including sickle cell disease. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported substitute be agreed to and that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on the bill, as amended. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? If not, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (S. 2465), as amended, was passed. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
HIZBALLAH INTERNATIONAL FI-NANCING PREVENTION AMEND-MENTS ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask the Chair to lay before the Senate the House amendment to accompany S. 1595. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair lays before the Senate the fol-lowing message from the House. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Resolved, that the bill from the Senate (S. 1595) entitled ‘‘An Act to amend the Hizballah International Financing Preven-tion Act of 2015 to impose additional sanc-tions with respect to Hizballah, and for other purposes’’, do pass with an amendment. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I move to concur in the House amendment, and I ask unanimous consent that the motion be agreed to, and that the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ACTION FOR DENTAL HEALTH ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11OC6.064 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6881 October 11, 2018 
Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions Committee be discharged and the Senate proceed to the immediate con-sideration of H.R. 2422. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2422) to amend the Public Health Service Act to improve essential oral health care for low-income and other under-served individuals by breaking down barriers to care, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the com-mittee was discharged, and the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the Alexander substitute amendment be agreed to and that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 4057) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the Action for Dental Health Act of 2018. 
SEC. 2. ORAL HEALTH EDUCATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 399LL of the Pub-lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280k) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘
OFORAL HEALTH EDUCATION CAMPAIGN ’’ after ‘‘E
STABLISHMENT ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘focused on oral healthcare prevention and education’’ and inserting ‘‘fo-cused on oral health education’’; (2) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘cam-paign’’ and inserting ‘‘campaign under sub-section (a)’’; and (3) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) A
CTION FOR DENTAL HEALTH PRO-
GRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration, may award grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements to eli-gible entities to collaborate with State or local public health officials, tribal health of-ficials, oral health professional organiza-tions, and others, as appropriate, to develop and implement initiatives to improve oral health, including activities to prevent dental disease and reduce barriers to the provision of dental services, including— ‘‘(A) through community-wide dental dis-ease prevention programs; and ‘‘(B) by increasing public awareness and education related to oral health and dental disease prevention. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—To be eligible to receive a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement under this subsection, an entity shall be— ‘‘(A) a dental association; ‘‘(B) a State or tribal health department or State or tribal oral health program; ‘‘(C) an accredited dental education, dental hygiene, or postdoctoral dental education program; or ‘‘(D) a non-profit community-based organi-zation that partners with public and private non-profit entities, such as an academic in-stitution, to facilitate the provision of den-tal services to underserved populations.’’; (b) TECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 399LL-1(d) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280k-1(d)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘shall’’ and inserting ‘‘shall, as practicable and appropriate,’’ be-fore ‘‘utilize’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘public education cam-paign’’ and inserting ‘‘oral health education campaign and action for dental health pro-gram’’. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives, a report on the outcomes and effective-ness of programs and activities conducted under sections 399LL and 399LL-1 of the Pub-lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280k and 280k-1). 
SEC. 3. GRANTS FOR INNOVATIVE PROGRAMS. 
Section 340G of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 256g) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(5)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) the establishment or development of models for the provision of dental services to children and adults, such as dental homes, including for the elderly, blind, individuals with disabilities, and individuals living in long-term care facilities; and ‘‘(E) the establishment of initiatives to re-duce the use of emergency departments by individuals who seek dental services more appropriately delivered in a dental primary care setting;’’; and (2) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘$25,000,000 for the 5-fiscal year period beginning with fiscal year 2008’’ and inserting ‘‘$13,903,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. 
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on the bill, as amended. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? Hearing none, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (H.R. 2422), as amended, was passed. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now proceed to the en bloc consid-eration of the following Senate resolu-tions, which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 680, S. Res. 681, S. Res. 682, and S. Res. 683. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent the resolutions be agreed to; that the preambles be agreed to; and that the motions to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolutions were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-ambles, are printed in today’s RECORD  under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
SANCTIONING HIZBALLAH’S IL-LICIT USE OF CIVILIANS AS DE-FENSELESS SHIELDS ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 3342 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3342) to impose sanctions on foreign persons that are responsible for gross violations of internationally recognized human rights by reason of the use by Hizballah of civilians as human shields, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations was dis-charged and the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the Corker amendment at the desk be agreed to; the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; the title amendment at the desk be agreed to; and the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 4058), in the na-ture of a substitute, was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 3342), as amended was passed. The amendment (No. 4059) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the title.) Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘An Act to impose sanctions with respect to foreign per-sons that are responsible for using civilians as human shields, and for other purposes.’’. f 
RBIC ADVISERS RELIEF ACT OF 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be discharged from fur-ther consideration of S. 2765 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2765) to amend the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 to exempt investment advisers who solely advise certain rural busi-ness investment companies, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11OC6.066 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6882 October 11, 2018 
There being no objection, the com-mittee was discharged and the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 2765) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2765 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘RBIC Advis-ers Relief Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. ADVISERS OF RBICS. 
Section 203 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–3(b)) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (6)(B)— (i) by adjusting the margins accordingly; and (ii) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; (B) in paragraph (7)(C), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) any investment adviser, other than an entity that has elected to be regulated or is regulated as a business development com-pany pursuant to section 54 of the Invest-ment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–53), who solely advises— ‘‘(A) rural business investment companies (as defined in section 384A of the Consoli-dated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2009cc)); or ‘‘(B) companies that have submitted to the Secretary of Agriculture an application in accordance with section 384D(b) of the Con-solidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2009cc–3(b)) that— ‘‘(i) have received from the Secretary of Agriculture a letter of conditions, which has not been revoked; or ‘‘(ii) are affiliated with 1 or more rural business investment companies described in subparagraph (A).’’; (2) in subsection (l), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) A
DVISERS OF RBICS .—For purposes of this subsection, a venture capital fund in-cludes an entity described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of subsection (b)(8) (other than an entity that has elected to be regulated as a business development company pursuant to section 54 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–53)).’’; and (3) in subsection (m), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) A
DVISERS OF RBICS .—For purposes of this subsection, the assets under manage-ment of a private fund that is an entity de-scribed in subparagraph (A) or (B) of sub-section (b)(8) (other than an entity that has elected to be regulated or is regulated as a business development company pursuant to section 54 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–53)) shall be excluded from the limit set forth in paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 3. RELATIONSHIP TO STATE LAW. 
Section 203A(b)(1) of the Investment Advis-ers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–3a(b)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) that is not registered under section 203 because that person is exempt from reg-istration as provided in subsection (b)(8) of such section, or is a supervised person of such person.’’. f 9/11 HEROES MEDAL OF VALOR ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be discharged from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 3834 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3834) to provide that members of public safety agencies who died of 9/11-re-lated health conditions are eligible for the Presidential 9/11 Heroes Medal of Valor, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the com-mittee was discharged and the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I further ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 3834) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
RELATIVE TO THE DEATH OF THE HONORABLE JOSEPH D. ‘‘JOE’’ TYDINGS, FORMER UNITED STATES SENATOR FOR THE STATE OF MARYLAND Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 684, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 684) relative to the death of the Honorable Joseph D. ‘‘Joe’’ Tydings, former United States Senator for the State of Maryland. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 684) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, OCTOBER 12, THROUGH TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn to then convene for pro forma sessions only, with no business being conducted, on the following dates and times and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Friday, Oc-tober 12, at 12 noon; Tuesday, October 16, at 12 noon; Friday, October 19, at 10 a.m.; Tuesday, October 23, at 4:30 p.m.; Friday, October 26, at 5 p.m.; Tuesday, October 30, at 1 p.m.; Friday, November 2, at 2:45 p.m.; Tuesday, November 6, at 4 p.m.; Friday, November 9, at 9 a.m. I further ask that when the Senate ad-journs on Friday, November 9, it next convene at 3 p.m. on Tuesday, Novem-ber 13; and that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the House message to accompany S. 140 under the previous order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask that it stand ad-journed under the provisions of S. Res. 684 and do so as a further mark of re-spect for the late Joseph D. ‘‘Joe’’ Tydings, former Senator for the State of Maryland. There being no objection, the Senate, at 9:39 p.m., adjourned until Friday, October 12, 2018, at 12 noon. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nomination received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
DOUGLAS J. STRIKE, OF IOWA, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF IOWA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE KENNETH JAMES RUNDE, TERM EXPIRED. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate October 11, 2018: 
THE JUDICIARY  
WILLIAM M. RAY II, OF GEORGIA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF GEORGIA. LILES CLIFTON BURKE, OF ALABAMA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ALABAMA. MICHAEL JOSEPH JUNEAU, OF LOUISIANA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF LOUISIANA. MARK SAALFIELD NORRIS, SR., OF TENNESSEE, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE. ELI JEREMY RICHARDSON, OF TENNESSEE, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE MIDDLE DIS-TRICT OF TENNESSEE. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
JEFFREY BOSSERT CLARK, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL. ERIC S. DREIBAND, OF MARYLAND, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT ATTORNEY GENERAL. 
PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT  
BOARD  
ADAM I. KLEIN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE CHAIRMAN AND MEMBER OF THE PRIVACY AND CIVIL 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G11OC6.069 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6883 October 11, 2018 
LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 29, 2024. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
JAMES N. STEWART, OF NORTH CAROLINA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE. 
THE JUDICIARY  
THOMAS S. KLEEH, OF WEST VIRGINIA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF WEST VIRGINIA. PETER J. PHIPPS, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF PENNSYLVANIA. SUSAN BRNOVICH, OF ARIZONA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF ARIZONA. CHAD F. KENNEY, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF PENNSYLVANIA. JEREMY D. KERNODLE, OF TEXAS, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS. 
PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT  
BOARD  
EDWARD W. FELTEN, OF NEW JERSEY, TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD FOR THE REMAINDER OF THE TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 29, 2019. JANE NITZE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVER-SIGHT BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 29, 2023. 
THE JUDICIARY  
JAMES PATRICK HANLON, OF INDIANA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF INDIANA. LANCE E. WALKER, OF MAINE, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF MAINE. DAVID JAMES PORTER, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE THIRD CIR-CUIT. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
KIMBERLY BREIER, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE (WESTERN HEMISPHERE AF-FAIRS). DENISE NATALI, OF NEW JERSEY, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE (CONFLICT AND STABILIZATION OPERATIONS). JOHN COTTON RICHMOND, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE DIREC-TOR OF THE OFFICE TO MONITOR AND COMBAT TRAF-FICKING, WITH THE RANK OF AMBASSADOR AT LARGE. 
NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE  
ADMINISTRATION  
JAMES MORHARD, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE DEPUTY ADMIN-ISTRATOR OF THE NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION. 
THE JUDICIARY  
RYAN DOUGLAS NELSON, OF IDAHO, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT. RICHARD J. SULLIVAN, OF NEW YORK, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
JASON R. DUNN, OF COLORADO, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLORADO FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. DALLAS L. CARLSON, OF NORTH DAKOTA, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE DISTRICT OF NORTH DAKOTA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
KAREN L. WILLIAMS, OF MISSOURI, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER- COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF SURINAME. KEVIN K. SULLIVAN, OF OHIO, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER- COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF NICARAGUA. DONALD Y. YAMAMOTO, OF WASHINGTON, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF CAREER MINISTER, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF SOMALIA. EARL ROBERT MILLER, OF MICHIGAN, A CAREER MEM-BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUN-SELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF BANGLADESH. 
NORTHERN BORDER REGIONAL COMMISSION  
HAROLD B. PARKER, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE, TO BE FED-ERAL COCHAIRPERSON OF THE NORTHERN BORDER RE-GIONAL COMMISSION. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
ROBERT H. MCMAHON, OF GEORGIA, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE. 
FEDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGENCY  
PETER GAYNOR, OF RHODE ISLAND, TO BE DEPUTY AD-MINISTRATOR, FEDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGENCY, DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
GEN. ROBERT B. ABRAMS 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be admiral 
VICE ADM. CRAIG S. FALLER IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. JERRY D. HARRIS, JR. 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
VICE ADM. ANDREW L. LEWIS 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BRUCE A. ABBOTT AND ENDING WITH SHIRLEY B. ZISER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 18, 2018. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH PATRICK C. DEGRAAF AND ENDING WITH CHRISTOPHER L. PRIDGEN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 24, 2018. 
IN THE ARMY  
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH GARY W. BROCK, JR. AND ENDING WITH JOHN M. WILSON, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 20, 2018. ARMY NOMINATION OF JOHN J. KAIKKONEN, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF MARC A. PATTERSON, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF JAMES B. ELLEDGE, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MICAH B. BELL AND ENDING WITH TANYA R. TROUT, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 28, 2018. 
IN THE NAVY  
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CAPT. MARCUS N. FULTON AND ENDING WITH CAPT. FRANK D. HUTCHISON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 11, 2018. NAVY NOMINATION OF TILFORD L. CLARK, TO BE COM-MANDER. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
MARY ELIZABETH TAYLOR, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE (LEGISLATIVE AFFAIRS). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A11OC6.012 S11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
D1130 Thursday, October 11, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6777–S6883 Measures Introduced: Thirty-eight bills and twelve resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 3572–3609, and S. Res. 673–684.
           Pages S6815–16 
Measures Reported: H.R. 2196, to amend title 5, United States Code, to allow whistleblowers to disclose information to certain recipients. (S. Rept. No. 115–346) S. 2679, to provide access to and manage the dis-tribution of excess or surplus property to veteran- owned small businesses, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 3552, to amend the Small Business Act to ad-just the real estate appraisal thresholds under the 7(a) program of the Small Business Administration to bring those thresholds into line with the thresh-olds used by the Federal banking regulators. S. 3553, to amend the Small Business Act to ad-just the real estate appraisal thresholds under the section 504 program of the Small Business Adminis-tration to bring those thresholds into line with the thresholds used by the Federal banking regulators. S. 3554, to extend the effective date for the sunset for collateral requirements for Small Business Ad-ministration disaster loans. S. 3561, to support entrepreneurs serving in the National Guard and Reserve, with amendments. S. 3562, to amend the Small Business Act to modify the method for prescribing size standards for business concerns.
                                              Pages S6814–15 
Measures Passed: United States Parole Commission Extension Act: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 6896, to provide for the continued performance of the functions of the United States Parole Commission, and the bill was then passed.
                                                          Pages S6802–03 
National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation: Senate passed H.R. 1037, to authorize the National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation to establish a commemorative work in the District of Columbia and its environs.
   Page S6875 Gulf Islands National Seashore Land Exchange Act: Senate passed H.R. 2615, to authorize the ex-change of certain land located in Gulf Islands Na-tional Seashore, Jackson County, Mississippi, be-tween the National Park Service and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                                    Pages S6875–76 
SUCCESS Act: Senate passed H.R. 6758, to di-rect the Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellec-tual Property and Director of the United States Pat-ent and Trademark Office, in consultation with the Administrator of the Small Business Administration, to study and provide recommendations to promote the participation of women, minorities, and veterans in entrepreneurship activities and the patent system, to extend by 8 years the Patent and Trademark Of-fice’s authority to set the amounts for the fees it charges.
                                                                           Page S6876 
Iraq and Syria Genocide Emergency Relief and Accountability Act: Senate passed H.R. 390, to pro-vide relief for victims of genocide, crimes against hu-manity, and war crimes who are members of reli-gious and ethnic minority groups in Iraq and Syria, for accountability for perpetrators of these crimes, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and the following amend-ments proposed thereto:
                                 Pages S6876–79 
McConnell (for Corker) Amendment No. 4055, in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Page S6879 
McConnell (for Corker) Amendment No. 4056, to amend the title.
                                                          Page S6879 
Representative Louise McIntosh Slaughter Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge Act: Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 6870, to rename the Stop Trading on Congres-sional Knowledge Act of 2012 in honor of Rep-resentative Louise McIntosh Slaughter, and the bill was then passed.
                                                 Pages S6879–80 
Sickle Cell Disease Research, Surveillance, Pre-vention, and Treatment Act: Senate passed S. 2465, to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthor-ize a sickle cell disease prevention and treatment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11OC8.REC D11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1131 October 11, 2018 
demonstration program and to provide for sickle cell disease research, surveillance, prevention, and treat-ment, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Page S6880 
Action for Dental Health Act: Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions was dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 2422, to amend the Public Health Service Act to improve es-sential oral health care for low-income and other un-derserved individuals by breaking down barriers to care, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S6880–81 
McConnell (for Alexander) Amendment No. 4057, in the nature of a substitute.
                               Page S6881 
National Dyslexia Awareness Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 680, calling on Congress, schools, and State and local educational agencies to recognize the significant educational implications of dyslexia that must be addressed, and designating October 2018 as ‘‘National Dyslexia Awareness Month’’. 
                                                                                            Page S6881 
National Character Counts Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 681, designating the week beginning Oc-tober 21, 2018, as ‘‘National Character Counts Week’’.
                                                                            Page S6881 
Day of Remembrance for Nuclear Weapons Pro-gram Workers: Senate agreed to S. Res. 682, desig-nating October 30, 2018, as a national day of re-membrance for nuclear weapons program workers. 
                                                                                            Page S6881 
Bicentennial of the State of Illinois: Senate agreed to S. Res. 683, recognizing and commemo-rating the bicentennial of the State of Illinois. 
                                                                                            Page S6881 
Sanctioning Hizballah’s Illicit Use of Civilians as Defenseless Shields Act: Committee on Foreign Relations was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 3342, to impose sanctions with respect to foreign persons that are responsible for using civil-ians as human shields, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendments proposed thereto:
                                                                            Page S6881 
McConnell (for Corker) Amendment No. 4058, in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Page S6881 
McConnell (for Corker) Amendment No. 4059, to amend the title.
                                                          Page S6881 
RBIC Advisers Relief Act: Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs was discharged from further consideration of S. 2765, to amend the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 to exempt invest-ment advisers who solely advise certain rural busi-ness investment companies, and the bill was then passed.
                                                                     Pages S6881–82 9/11 Heroes Medal of Valor Act: Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 3834, to provide that members of public safety agencies who died of 9/11-related health conditions are eligible for the Presidential 9/11 Heroes Medal of Valor, and the bill was then passed.
                                                Page S6882 
Relative to the death of the Honorable Joseph D. ‘‘Joe’’ Tydings: Senate agreed to S. Res. 684, relative to the death of the Honorable Joseph D. ‘‘Joe’’ Tydings, former United States Senator for the State of Maryland.
                                                                 Page S6882 
House Messages: Amending the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act: Senate began consideration of the amendment of the House of Representatives to S. 140, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantifica-tion Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund, taking action of the fol-lowing motions and amendments proposed thereto: Withdrawn: McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill.
                                              Page S6803 
McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 2232 (to the amendment of the House to the bill), in the nature of a substitute.
                   Page S6803 
McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 2234, to change the en-actment date.
                                                               Page S6803 
Pending: McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill, with McConnell (for Thune) Amendment No. 4054, in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                                            Page S6803 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill, with McConnell (for Thune) Amendment No. 4054 (listed above), and, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Stand-ing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to the unani-mous-consent agreement of Thursday, October 10, 2018, a vote on cloture will occur at 5:30 p.m., on Tuesday, November 13, 2018.
                           Page S6803 
Prior to the consideration of this measure, Senate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S6803 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: McConnell Amendment No. 2233 (to Amend-ment No. 2232), to change the enactment date, fell 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11OC8.REC D11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1132 October 11, 2018 
when McConnell motion to concur in the amend-ment of the House to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 2232 (to the amendment of the House to the bill) (listed above) was withdrawn. 
                                                                                            Page S6803 
McConnell Amendment No. 2235 (to (the in-structions) Amendment No. 2234), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with in-structions, McConnell Amendment No. 2234 (listed above) was withdrawn.
                                            Page S6803 
McConnell Amendment No. 2236 (to Amend-ment No. 2235), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell Amendment No. 2235 (to (the instruc-tions) Amendment No. 2234) (listed above) fell. 
                                                                                            Page S6803 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that notwithstanding rule XXII, the vote on the motion to invoke cloture occur at 5:30 p.m., on Tuesday, November 13, 2018; provided further that no further amendments or motions be in order and that if cloture is invoked, all post-cloture time expire at 2:15 p.m., on Wednesday, November 14, 2018. 
                                                                                            Page S6803 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that Senate resume consideration of the House amendment to the bill, with further amend-ment, at approximately 3 p.m., on Tuesday, Novem-ber 13, 2018.
                                                               Page S6882 
Hizballah International Financing Prevention Amendments Act: Senate agreed to the motion to concur in the amendment of the House of Rep-resentatives to S. 1595, to amend the Hizballah International Financing Prevention Act of 2015 to impose additional sanctions with respect to Hizballah.
                                                                      Page S6880 
Pro Forma Sessions—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that the Senate adjourn, to then convene for pro forma ses-sions only, with no business being conducted on the following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Friday, October 12, 2018 at 12 noon; Tuesday, October 16, 2018 at 12 noon; Fri-day, October 19, 2018 at 10 a.m.; Tuesday, October 23, 2018 at 4:30 p.m.; Friday, October 26, 2018 at 5 p.m.; Tuesday, October 30, 2018 at 1 p.m.; Fri-day, November 2, 2018 at 2:45 p.m.; Tuesday, No-vember 6, 2018 at 4 p.m.; Friday, November 9, 2018 at 9 a.m.; and that when the Senate adjourns on Friday, November 9, 2018, it next convene at 3 p.m., on Tuesday, November 13, 2018.
        Page S6882 
Bowman Nomination—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of Michelle Bowman, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.                   Pages S6803–05 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the motion to concur with respect to S. 140, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund. 
                                                                                            Page S6803 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S6803 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that this motion to invoke cloture ripen fol-lowing disposition of the motion to concur with re-spect to S. 140, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund.
                                                       Page S6803 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: By 52 yeas to 45 nays (Vote No. EX. 228), Jeffrey Bossert Clark, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Attor-ney General.
                                                  Pages S6789, S6882 
By 50 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. EX. 230), Eric S. Dreiband, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Attor-ney General.
                                                  Pages S6792, S6882 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 50 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. EX. 229), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                          Pages S6789–90 
James N. Stewart, of North Carolina, to be an As-sistant Secretary of Defense.
                  Pages S6792, S6883 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination, be withdrawn.
                                  Page S6792 
By 50 yeas to 45 nays (Vote No. EX. 231), David James Porter, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit. 
                                                                            Pages S6799, S6883 
By 51 yeas to 44 nays (Vote No. EX. 232), Ryan Douglas Nelson, of Idaho, to be United States Cir-cuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit.
      Pages S6799, S6883 
By 79 yeas to 16 nays (Vote No. EX. 233), Rich-ard J. Sullivan, of New York, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Second Circuit. 
                                                                Pages S6799–S6800, S6883 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11OC8.REC D11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1133 October 11, 2018 
By 54 yeas to 41 nays (Vote No. EX. 234), Wil-liam M. Ray II, of Georgia, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Northern District of Georgia. 
                                                                            Pages S6800, S6882 
By 55 yeas to 40 nays (Vote No. EX. 235), Liles Clifton Burke, of Alabama, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Northern District of Alabama. 
                                                                            Pages S6800, S6882 
By 54 yeas to 41 nays (Vote No. EX. 236), Mi-chael Joseph Juneau, of Louisiana, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana.
                                                  Pages S6800–01, S6882 
By 51 yeas to 44 nays (Vote No. EX. 237), Mark Saalfield Norris, Sr., of Tennessee, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee.
                                                      Pages S6801, S6882 
By 52 yeas to 43 nays (Vote No. EX. 238), Eli Jeremy Richardson, of Tennessee, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Ten-nessee.
                                                              Pages S6801, S6882 
By 65 yeas to 30 nays (Vote No. EX. 239), Thomas S. Kleeh, of West Virginia, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of West Virginia.
                                       Pages S6801–02, S6883 
Jeremy D. Kernodle, of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Texas. 
                                                                            Pages S6802, S6883 
Peter J. Phipps, of Pennsylvania, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Pennsylvania.
                                                Pages S6802, S6883 
Susan Brnovich, of Arizona, to be United States District Judge for the District of Arizona. 
                                                                            Pages S6802, S6883 
Chad F. Kenney, of Pennsylvania, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.
                                                Pages S6802, S6883 
James Patrick Hanlon, of Indiana, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of In-diana.
                                                                Pages S6802, S6883 
Lance E. Walker, of Maine, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maine. 
                                                                            Pages S6802, S6883 
Adam I. Klein, of the District of Columbia, to be Chairman and Member of the Privacy and Civil Lib-erties Oversight Board for a term expiring January 29, 2024. Kimberly Breier, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Western Hemisphere Affairs). Dallas L. Carlson, of North Dakota, to be United States Marshal for the District of North Dakota for the term of four years. Edward W. Felten, of New Jersey, to be a Mem-ber of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board for the remainder of the term expiring Janu-ary 29, 2019. Jane Nitze, of the District of Columbia, to be a Member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board for a term expiring January 29, 2023. Denise Natali, of New Jersey, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Conflict and Stabilization Oper-ations). Peter Gaynor, of Rhode Island, to be Deputy Ad-ministrator, Federal Emergency Management Agen-cy, Department of Homeland Security. Jason R. Dunn, of Colorado, to be United States Attorney for the District of Colorado for the term of four years. John Cotton Richmond, of Virginia, to be Direc-tor of the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking, with the rank of Ambassador at Large. Karen L. Williams, of Missouri, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Suriname. James Morhard, of Virginia, to be Deputy Admin-istrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration. Kevin K. Sullivan, of Ohio, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Nicaragua. Donald Y. Yamamoto, of Washington, to be Am-bassador to the Federal Republic of Somalia. Earl Robert Miller, of Michigan, to be Ambas-sador to the People’s Republic of Bangladesh. Harold B. Parker, of New Hampshire, to be Fed-eral Cochairperson of the Northern Border Regional Commission. Robert H. McMahon, of Georgia, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Defense. Mary Elizabeth Taylor, of the District of Colum-bia, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Legislative Affairs). 1 Air Force nomination in the rank of general. 1 Army nomination in the rank of general. 2 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, and Navy.                                                                 Pages S6803–05, S6882–83 
Nomination Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nomination: Douglas J. Strike, of Iowa, to be United States Marshal for the Northern District of Iowa for the term of four years.
                                                     Page S6882 
Executive Communications:                             Page S6814 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S6815 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6816–18 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S6818–21 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S6811–14 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S6826–74 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S6874–75 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11OC8.REC D11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1134 October 11, 2018 
Record Votes: Twelve record votes were taken today. (Total—239) 
                                          Pages SS6789–90, S6792, S6799–S6802 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed, as a further mark of respect to the memory of the late Joseph D. ‘‘Joe’’ Tydings, former Senator for the State of Maryland, in accordance with S. Res. 684, at 9:39 p.m., until 12 noon on Friday, October 12, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6882.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
MILITARY THREAT BY CHINA AND RUSSIA Committee on Armed Services: Committee received a closed briefing on the military threat posed by near peer adversaries China and Russia from John C. Rood, Under Secretary for Policy, Lieutenant General Anthony R. Ierardi, USA, Director for Force Struc-ture, Resources and Assessment (J8), Joint Chiefs of Staff, and Major General Michael Groen, all of the Department of Defense. CRYPTOCURRENCY AND BLOCKCHAIN ECOSYSTEM Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the cryptocurrency and blockchain ecosystem, including S. 3179, to require the Comptroller General of the United States to carry out a study on how virtual currencies and online marketplaces are used to buy, sell, or facilitate the financing of goods or services associated with sex trafficking or drug trafficking, after receiving testimony from Nouriel Roubini, New York University Stern School of Business, New York, New York; and Peter Van Valkenburgh, Coin Center, Washington, D.C. FUTURE OF THE FLEETS Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard concluded a hearing to examine the fu-ture of the fleets, focusing on Coast Guard and Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ship recapitalization, after receiving testimony from Rear Admiral Michael J. Haycock, Assistant Commandant for Acquisition and Chief Acquisition Officer, Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security; Marie A. Mak, Director, Contracting and National Security Acquisitions, Government Accountability Office; and Ronald O’Rourke, Specialist in Naval Affairs, Con-gressional Research Service, Library of Congress. BLACKSTART Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded a hearing to examine blackstart and other system restoration plans in the electric utility indus-try, after receiving testimony from David S. Ortiz, Acting Director, Office of Electric Reliability, Fed-eral Energy Regulatory Commission; Juan Torres, Associate Laboratory Director for Energy Systems In-tegration, National Renewable Energy Laboratory, Department of Energy; Joy Ditto, Utilities Tech-nology Council, Washington, D.C.; Thomas J. Gal-loway, Sr., North American Transmission Forum, Charlotte, North Carolina; Andrew L. Ott, PJM Interconnection, L.L.C., Norristown, Pennsylvania; and Timothy M. Yardley, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Information Trust Institute, Ur-bana. NOMINATIONS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of John Mark Pommersheim, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Tajikistan, William H. Moser, of North Carolina, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Kazakhstan, and Donald Armin Blome, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Tunisia, all of the Department of State, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the following business items: S. 2785, to designate foreign persons who improp-erly interfere in United States elections as inadmis-sible aliens, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 3178, to amend title 18, United States Code, to specify lynching as a deprivation of civil rights, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; and The nominations of Jonathan A. Kobes, of South Dakota, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, Kenneth D. Bell, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of North Carolina, Stephanie A. Gallagher, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maryland, Mary S. McElroy, to be United States District Judge for the District of Rhode Island, Carl J. Nichols, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia, and Martha Maria Pacold, Mary M. Row-land, and Steven C. Seeger, each to be a United States District Judge for the Northern District of Il-linois. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11OC8.REC D11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1135 October 11, 2018 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Com-mittee ordered favorably reported the following busi-ness items: S. 2679, to provide access to and manage the dis-tribution of excess or surplus property to veteran- owned small businesses, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 3552, to amend the Small Business Act to ad-just the real estate appraisal thresholds under the 7(a) program of the Small Business Administration to bring those thresholds into line with the thresh-olds used by the Federal banking regulators; S. 3553, to amend the Small Business Act to ad-just the real estate appraisal thresholds under the section 504 program of the Small Business Adminis-tration to bring those thresholds into line with the thresholds used by the Federal banking regulators; S. 3554, to extend the effective date for the sunset for collateral requirements for Small Business Ad-ministration disaster loans; S. 3561, to support entrepreneurs serving in the National Guard and Reserve; and S. 3562, to amend the Small Business Act to modify the method for prescribing size standards for business concerns. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet in Pro Forma Session at 9:30 a.m. on Friday, October 12, 2018. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D1126) 
S. 2553, to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to prohibit Medicare part D plans from re-stricting pharmacies from informing individuals re-garding the prices for certain drugs and biologicals. Signed on October 10, 2018. (Public Law 115–262) S. 2554, to ensure that health insurance issuers and group health plans do not prohibit pharmacy providers from providing certain information to en-rollees. Signed on October 10, 2018. (Public Law 115–263) f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, OCTOBER 12, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11OC8.REC D11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1136 October 11, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 12 noon, Friday, October 12 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9:30 a.m., Friday, October 12 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: The House will meet in Pro Forma session at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 Oct 12, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D11OC8.REC D11OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST