Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H4735 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MAY 29, 2018 No. 88 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 1:30 p.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, May 29, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable A
LEXANDER  X. M
OONEY to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER Rabbi Hannah Spiro, Hill Havurah, Washington, D.C., offered the following prayer: May the One who blessed our ances-tors bless these souls in their sacred work. On this day after bittersweet Memo-rial Day, may the One who blessed our ancestors bless these souls with the courage to hold complexity. May they pursue a bright future, while remem-bering those at risk of being left be-hind. May they find opportunity in di-versity. God, grant them the strength to hold complexity in Your com-plicated world. On this day after Memorial Day, re-membering those who died in service, may the One who blessed our ancestors bless these souls in their service. Grant them the energy to serve with compas-sion. May they see Your divine face in the face of each person they serve, and in their own reflections. As these souls serve those created in Your image, may their compassion and mercy shine. God, thank You for the opportunity to serve Your varied and beautiful cre-ation. THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to section 5(a) of House Resolution 908, the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings is approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. The SPEAKER pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 25, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on May 25, 2018, at 10:16 a.m.: That the Senate passed S. 2952. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 3663. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 4910. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE DEMOCRATIC LEADER The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Honorable N
ANCY  P
ELOSI , Democratic Leader: MAY29, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives, U.S. Capitol, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN: Pursuant to Section 50802 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (Pub. L. 115–123), I am pleased to appoint the following individual to serve as a Commis-sioner to the Commission on Social Impact Partnerships: Ms. Anne Wilson of San Rafael, California. Thank you for your attention to this rec-ommendation. Sincerely, N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader. f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker pro tempore, Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. 
H.R. 3663. An act to designate the medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Huntington, West Virginia, as the Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ William VA Medical Center. H.R. 4910. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial recep-tacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to section 5(b) of House Resolution 908, the House stands adjourned until 9:30 a.m. on Friday, June 1, 2018. Thereupon (at 1 o’clock and 36 min-utes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Friday, June 1, 2018, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. 4982. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, a let-ter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Guidance on Certain Pay-ments Made in Exchange for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 May 30, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29MY7.000 H29MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4736 May 29, 2018 
State and Local Tax Credits [Notice 2018-54] received May 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868), was taken from the Speaker’s table, referred to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 788. A bill to amend the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act to facilitate the establishment of additional or expanded public target ranges in certain States (Rept. 115–707, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 788 re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 2655 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. GOTTHEIMER (for himself and Mr. F
ASO): H.R. 5984. A bill to require the Secretary of Transportation to publish a notice of pro-posed rulemaking concerning seat belts on school buses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself and Mr. M
ARCHANT ): H.R. 5985. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to permit review of cer-tain Medicare payment determinations for disproportionate share hospitals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. TAYLOR (for himself, Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, and Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ): H.R. 5986. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to conduct a pilot program on posttraumatic growth, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Ms. WILSON of Florida: H.R. 5987. A bill to reform the require-ments regarding the safety and security of families living in public and federally as-sisted housing in high-crime areas; to the Committee on Financial Services. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. GOTTHEIMER H.R. 5984. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 5985. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. TAYLOR: H.R. 5986. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Ms. WILSON of Florida: H.R. 5987. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 820: Mr. N EAL. H.R. 936: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 1267: Mr. L
AHOOD. H.R. 1318: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 1447: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 1749: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 1759: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 1904: Mr. P
AULSEN . H.R. 2355: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 2476: Mr. S
MITH of Texas. H.R. 3302: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 3941: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 3984: Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 4229: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY and Mr. S ES-
SIONS . H.R. 4256: Mr. R
OSKAM , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. R
EICHERT , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. M ARINO , and Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 4492: Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 5141: Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. J ORDAN , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , and Mrs. D AVIS of California. H.R. 5153: Mr. M
EADOWS and Ms. M CSALLY . H.R. 5248: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and Mr. P
ALLONE . H.R. 5329: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 5413: Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 5452: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 5467: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 5621: Mr. K
HANNA and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 5634: Mr. K
HANNA , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. K
IHUEN , and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 5653: Mr. A
DERHOLT . H.R. 5694: Mr. R
USSELL . H.R. 5775: Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 5812: Mr. B
URGESS . H.R. 5822: Mr. C
ORREA , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. T
ITUS, Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. R ASKIN , and Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 5876: Mrs. L
ESKO . H.R. 5891: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana and Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 5928: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 5945: Mr. V
ELA, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Mr. P
AYNE . H. Con. Res. 81: Ms. S
A´NCHEZ . H. Res. 274: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia. H. Res. 907: Mr. B
ABIN. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 May 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L29MY7.000 H29MYPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2949 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MAY 29, 2018 No. 88 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9 and 11 seconds a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). ADJOURNMENT UNTIL THURSDAY, MAY 31, 2018, AT 11:30 A.M. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until Thursday, May 31, 2018, at 11:30 a.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 9 and 22 seconds a.m., adjourned until Thurs-day, May 31, 2018, at 11:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:26 May 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29MY6.000 S29MYPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE747 May 29, 2018 
RECOGNIZING THE 25TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE FAIRFAX COUNTY ALUMNAE CHAPTER OF DELTA SIGMA THETA SORORITY 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 29, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the Fairfax County Alumnae Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority and to congratu-late them on their 25th anniversary. Since its establishment in 1993, the Fairfax County Alumnae Chapter has continued the mission established by Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, In-corporated of social action through vol-unteerism, advocacy, public service, and civic engagement. The chapter makes a difference in the lives of many in our community through such pro-grams as Delta Academy and Delta Gems, EMBODI, supplying backpacks to children re-siding at the Katherine Hanley Family Shelter, and providing more than $300,000 in scholar-ships for students attending institutions of higher education. This year, in honor of the 25th anniversary of the Chapter, an additional $25,000.00 in scholarships is being awarded. It is my honor to include in the R
ECORD the following names of this year’s scholarship recipients. Sinclaire Jones, Lauryn Mann, Hannah King, Jessica Kitchings, Lauren Dessaure, Alissa Wells, Rachel Jackson, Danielle Newsome. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the Fairfax County Alumnae Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority on its 25th anniversary and in thanking them for their continued contributions to our community. Their efforts, made on behalf of others, are truly selfless and worthy of our highest praise. It is continued contributions like theirs that make Northern Virginia one of the best places in the country in which to live, work, and raise a family. I wish the sorority and its members continued success in their future endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ‘‘ORIGINS’’ HISPANIC CULTURE EVENT 
HON. ILEANA ROS-LEHTINEN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 29, 2018 Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize ‘‘Origins,’’ an exciting cultural event taking place in my Congressional dis-trict. This event begins on the evening of June 29th at the J.W. Warner House; a historic landmark in South Florida and home to the Miami Hispanic Ballet. It will be a celebration of Hispanic art, music, and cuisine. The event will include a number of different experiences that combine the talent and cre-ativity of people from across Latin America. Attendees will experience and indulge in Cuban art, Venezuelan music, and Ecuadorian cuisine, and so much more. ‘‘Origins’’ highlights the distinct cultures that inhabit Miami and is a great representation of the rich Hispanic heritage that helps shape the American mosaic and South Florida commu-nity we call home. Our community is strength-ened by events such as these, which teach younger generations about their cultural roots and promote the countless contributions His-panics have made to the United States. I want to thank Catherine Alarcon for orga-nizing ‘‘Origins’’ and I encourage everyone in our South Florida community to attend this rich celebration of Hispanic culture. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 30TH ANNIVERSARY OF FACETS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 29, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize a group of individuals who have made a tremendous contribution to our community. Founded thirty years ago this year, FACETS is a nonprofit organization dedicated to helping those in our community who are suffering from the effects of poverty. This help takes many forms. My first exposure to FACETS’s work was delivering hot meals with founder Linda Wimpey, when I was the Providence District Representative to the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors. It was a profound experience I will never forget. Those hot meals were for in-dividuals who were homeless. As we ap-proached the delivery site, I remember seeing men and women emerging from the woods in business suits, ready to collect a hot meal be-fore heading off to work. They may have been suffering from homelessness, however they still maintained their dignity. The work we were doing helped them with that. For someone in this situation, knowing you are part of a community that cares and will give you the assistance necessary to get back on your feet, can help ease the burden of your plight. In a county as economically prosperous as Fairfax County, it can be easy to forget there are still citizens who go without the most basic necessities. Organizations like FACETS are helping to make sure the number of those citizens declines and eventually disappears. During my tenure as Chairman of the Fair-fax County Board of Supervisors, we devel-oped a ten-year plan to prevent and end homelessness. The efforts of FACETS and many others are why the percentage of home-less individuals in Fairfax County has declined by 47 percent since 2008. There are very few places in the National Capital Region, and even the country, that can attest to the same kind of success. While working to prevent and end home-lessness is one of FACETS primary missions, they also contribute to the community in other critical ways. Chief among these is providing educational resources for those living with low incomes to ensure they are given the tools necessary to break the cycle of poverty. Pro-grams for youth include academic tutoring, substance abuse prevention, self-esteem, and college or career planning. Approximately 65 percent of the youth who participated in aca-demic tutoring made the honor roll, and in 2015, all graduating high-school seniors went on to higher forms of education. Programs for adults include computer and financial literacy, career development, and ESL. Programs like these ensure our community is working not only to address the symptoms of poverty, but also to eliminate the root causes. Mr. Speaker, I extend my congratulations to Bob Grimmett, Chairman of the Board of Di-rectors, and Joe Fay, the Executive Director, as well as all the members of the Board of Di-rectors, staff, and volunteers who have con-tributed their time, energy, and resources to FACETS over the last thirty years. Your sup-port is part of why Fairfax County remains one of the best places in the country in which to live, work, and raise a family, and I commend you all for your service to our community. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating FACETS on this tremendous anniversary. 
f 
HONORING SCOTT FLEMING 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 29, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in recognizing Scott Fleming for his 17 years of outstanding service as Associate Vice President for Federal Relations at Georgetown University here in the District of Columbia. In February 2001, Scott joined Georgetown after an extensive career in public service. During his time at Georgetown, he has helped secure crucial support for various student fi-nancial aid programs, Title VI international programs and programs managed by the school’s Center for Intercultural Education and Development. In addition, he has served as a member of Georgetown’s veterans support team to help increase student benefits for vet-erans who attend Georgetown, and has worked on legislation to protect Dreamers. Scott has also served as a faculty mentor with the Georgetown Scholarship Program, where he hosted students at his home on numerous occasions, and has participated in George-town’s Community Scholars Program. Scott has also taught several modules at Georgetown’s McCourt School of Public Policy on the issues of lobbying and government re-lations, and has participated in the George-town Summer Fellows Program as a faculty advisor. He is a former member of George-town’s Licensing Oversight Committee and the Board of Advisors for Georgetown’s Walsh 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 May 30, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29MY8.001 E29MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE748 May 29, 2018 
Scholars Initiative. Currently, Scott serves as Georgetown’s representative on the Worker Rights Consortium Board. Scott graduated with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Foreign Service from Georgetown University’s Edmund A. Walsh School of For-eign Service and received a Master’s Degree in Public Policy from the Lyndon B. Johnson School of Public Affairs at the University of Texas-Austin. Prior to his work at Georgetown, Scott served in multiple leadership positions at the U.S. Department of Education, and served in various professional staff positions for Mem-bers of Congress. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-atives to join me in recognizing Scott Fleming, a friend of many Members of Congress and staff, including many who are graduates of Georgetown University, for his many years of outstanding service as Associate Vice Presi-dent for Federal Relations at Georgetown Uni-versity. 
f 
HONORING DENNIS CRANDALL 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 29, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dennis Crandall and his fourteen years as principal of Archbishop Hanna High School in Sonoma, California. He was aptly honored at Hanna Boys Center’s 12th Annual Evening with the All Stars on April 21, 2018. Mr. Crandall is a Sonoma County native who graduated from Analy High School and received his Bachelor of Science in atmos-pheric science from the University of Cali-fornia, Davis. He also earned a Life Sec-ondary Credential in physics and math from Sacramento State University and a Master of Arts in Educational Administration from St. Mary’s College. For the past fourteen years Mr. Crandall has been the principal of Archbishop Hanna High School, a school that serves at-risk teenage boys in Sonoma County. While at the helm of the school, he led the effort for the school to earn the Western Association of Schools and Colleges accreditation. Mr. Crandall also worked on restructuring and improving the cur-riculum, focusing on how to best serve a large and diverse population. Some of his many ac-complishments as principal include adding col-lege prep and online courses, expanding the day students’ program to better serve those who need greater assistance, developing a vo-cational viticulture program and starting an or-ganic garden and orchard program to promote sustainability. Mr. Crandall is turning his energy to a new fundraising role in the development depart-ment of Hanna Boys Center. He believes he can make the greatest impact for the center and school by working on fundraising efforts for new facilities and an expanded educational program. Mr. Crandall is a devoted husband to his wife, Marcia, and caring father to their three children. He is also a dedicated volunteer, having serving on both St. Joseph Catholic Church and Cardinal Newman High School’s Board of Directors. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Crandall is a dedicated ed-ucator and compassionate individual who has made education his life’s work. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor Dennis Crandall here today. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 70TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE BURKE VOLUN-TEER FIRE AND RESCUE DE-PARTMENT 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 29, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the Burke Volunteer Fire and Rescue Department on its 70th anniversary, and to thank its volunteers for filling an essential role in keeping our community safe. The Burke Volunteer Fire and Rescue De-partment was founded in January 1948, and for seven decades it has provided lifesaving fire suppression and prevention, as well as emergency medical and rescue services to the residents of Burke and the surrounding com-munities. It also provides, houses, and main-tains firefighting and emergency medical equipment, and provides opportunities for pro-fessional growth and development for the membership, as well as maintains and fosters a strong viable organization. As one of the county’s most active volunteer fire and rescue departments, the Burke Volun-teer Fire and Rescue Department works in co-operation with the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department to serve the community. During FY17, units from the BVFRD were dis-patched 5,485 times responding to 3,722 inci-dents. I am honored to recognize the entire BVFRD on this momentous anniversary, as well as the dedicated men and women who have volunteered for extra duty as officers or as members of the board of directors. It is my honor to include in the R
ECORD the names of the following individuals. 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS  
Vice-President—Tonya McCreary Secretary—Amy Gold Treasurer—Earl Roberts Directors—Larry Bocknek, Matthew Bryant, Kenneth Senn 
OFFICERS  
Deputy Chief: Tina Godfrey, John Hudak Captain II: Melissa Ashby, Larry Bocknek, Keith O’Connor Lieutenant: Emily Fisher, Kevin Grottle, Shaun Kurry Sergeant: Jennifer Babic, Peter Hamilton Team Leader/ Asst. EMS Officer: Megan Bush Team Leader: Paul Stracke Asst. Staffing Officer: Caitlin Curran Chaplain: Harry Chelpon In addition to the men and women who have generously assumed the responsibilities of serving as an Officer or a member of the Board of Directors, the Burke Volunteer Fire Department is also presenting awards to the following individuals in recognition of their ex-emplary service during the last year: 
AWARDS  
Rookie of the Year: Thales Dus Firefighter of the Year: FF Caitlin Curran EMS Provider of the Year: EMT Blaine Ries Officer of the Year: Captain II Melissa Ashby Administrative Member of the Year: Charlene Murphy Career Member of the Year: FCFRD Cap-tain II Mike Istvan Team Award: FCFRD Station 14 A, B, and C Shifts Partnership Award: Kevin Grottle Chief’s and President’s Award: Amy Gold Founders Award: Tina Godfrey Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the department for an in-credible seventy years of service, and in thanking all of the brave volunteers who do not hesitate to drop everything when the com-munity calls in need of help. To all of these men and women who put themselves in harm’s way to protect our residents I say: ‘‘Stay safe.’’ f 
HONORING JANE CURTIS 
HON. PETER WELCH 
OF VERMONT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 29, 2018 Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, Jane Curtis will be 100 years of age on June 7, 2018. She continues to enjoy a vigorous and productive life. She is revered by generations of Vermonters for all the work and community contributions she and her renowned, departed husband, Will Curtis, provided to the people of Vermont. She and Will had dairy farms in West Harford and Hartland, Vermont. They were great readers and owned the magnificent Yankee Bookshop in Woodstock, Vermont for many years. And Jane has worked for dec-ades for the improvement of the Connecticut River watershed. Jane’s husband Will was a renowned com-mentator on Vermont Public Radio, and Jane collaborated with him on that effort, as well as many others. Jane and Will published books together, many with their dear friend Frank Lieberman, ranging from antique wood stoves to histories of the Billings family, Woodstock, the Long Trail, the Farm and Wilderness Camps, Calvin Coolidge—who was born near-by in Plymouth, Vermont—and the art of Monhegan Island, Maine. Jane served on the board of the Con-necticut River Watershed Council for years. She also served social service agencies in the Upper Valley of Vermont and New Hampshire. At 100, Jane Curtis is still actively writing. Re-cently, she wrote an essay on the fall of the Roman Republic, with analogies to the present day. Mr. Speaker, we celebrate in Vermont a century of contributions by Jane Curtis. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PRINCE WILLIAM COUNTY PUBLIC SCHOOL TEACH-ERS ON OBTAINING CERTIFI-CATIONS AND RENEWALS FROM THE NATIONAL BOARD FOR PRO-FESSIONAL TEACHING STAND-ARDS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 29, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to con-gratulate educators of the Prince William 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 May 30, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29MY8.004 E29MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE749 May 29, 2018 
County Public Schools Division on obtaining certification or recertification by the National Board for Professional Teaching Standards. Founded in 1987, the National Board was established by teachers for teachers as the premier vehicle for defining and recognizing accomplished educators. Today, this inde-pendent nonprofit organization remains dedi-cated to supporting excellence in education and is governed by classroom teachers, school administrators, school board leaders, governors and state legislators, higher edu-cation officials, teacher union leaders, and business and community leaders. A National Board Certification denotes the most respected professional certification avail-able in the education field. Obtaining certifi-cation and completing the renewal process is a personal and public statement of one’s com-mitment to the evolution of effective instruction methods. In order to obtain the distinction, teachers must display a mastering of the standards established by the National Board by successfully completing a rigorous multi-component assessment that demonstrates that he or she has acquired the knowledge, skills, and practices required of an accomplished ed-ucator. Certified educators support a vision of teaching based on the following five core propositions: 1. Teachers are committed to students and their learning; 2. Teachers know the subjects they teach and how to teach those subjects to students; 3. Teachers are responsible for managing and monitoring student learning; 4. Teachers think systematically about their practice and learn from experience; and 5. Teachers are members of learning com-munities. I extend my personal congratulations and appreciation to the following 2017 National Board Certified Teachers for receiving their re-spective certifications and renewals: Erin Ball, Christy Beirnes, Elizabeth Bjork, Nancy Breckenridge, Dawn Breski, Angela Callaghan, Kimberly Carter, Jennifer Casey, Dina DaSilva, Cheryl Ellsmore, Diane Fernandez, Carl Hood, James Hunniford, Neta Lowe, Perpetua Magalhaes, Penny Mangus, Eliza-beth McKeown, Minara Mollah, Melissa Morse, Christina Orr, Paul Johnson, Leanne Thomas. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in commending these teachers for their commitment to education, professional devel-opment, and the students of Prince William County Public Schools. The world-class edu-cation provided to our students is due to the tireless efforts of teachers who make excel-lence the standard and I thank them for their invaluable contributions. 
f 
HONORING THE PETALUMA GAP AVA 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 29, 2018 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my colleague Congressman Mike Thomp-son in recognition of the Petaluma Gap’s re-cent designation as an American Viticultural Area (AVA). Spanning 202,476 total acres, the Petaluma Gap AVA represents the culmination and heritage of more than 180 years of stead-fast dedication to the craft of winemaking throughout the region. The first wine producing grapes were plant-ed in what would become the Petaluma Gap in the 1830s, with the first winery later estab-lished in 1884. Wine production in the region then continued to grow at an increasingly rapid pace for the next thirty years. However, with the establishment of prohibition in the 1920s and the influx of Phylloxera aphids that followed, the region’s wine production plum-meted and remained in tatters through the 1960s. By 1987, planting conditions and subse-quent wine production began to rebound, which led to the establishment of the Sonoma Coast AVA. The Petaluma Gap Winegrowers Alliance eventually formed from this resur-gence in 2005, and initiated the AVA process for the Petaluma Gap ten years later. On De-cember 7, 2017, the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (TTB) approved the alli-ance’s application, and the Petaluma Gap AVA then went into effect on January 8th of this year. Today, Petaluma Gap contains over 4,000 vineyard acres that support more than eighty commercially producing vineyards and nine bonded wineries, contributing to a thirty-four billion dollar California wine industry. It is the 241st AVA to be established in the United States, the 139th to be established in the state of California, and the 18th AVA to include a portion of Sonoma County. Mr. Speaker, the designation of the Petaluma Gap as an AVA represents nearly two centuries of winegrowers working to build a distinct reputation and heritage. It is there-fore appropriate that we stand together today, in celebration of this momentous achievement. f 
HONORING THE SECOND ANNUAL FINER WOMANHOOD BRUNCH HOSTED BY THE PSI OMICRON ZETA CHAPTER OF ZETA PHI BETA SORORITY, INCORPORATED 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 29, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in rec-ognition of the Second Annual Finer Woman-hood Brunch hosted by the Psi Omicron Zeta Chapter of Zeta Phi Beta Sorority, Incor-porated of Manassas, Virginia. This year’s Finer Womanhood Brunch theme is ‘‘Blazing New Paths in Scholarship and Global Service’’, intended to inspire and encourage students and teachers to strive for success in every venture, and pride in every accomplishment. Zeta Phi Beta Sorority, Incorporated was founded on the campus of Howard University on January 16, 1920. Its sorority members and auxiliary groups provide volunteer service and professional talent to educate the public, assist youth, fund scholarships, support orga-nized charities, and promote legislation for civic and social change that enrich our com-munities. Chartered on November 6, 2010, the Psi Omicron Zeta Chapter of Zeta Phi Beta Soror-ity, Incorporated assists the Greater Prince William area through sisterhood, scholarship, and service. Each year, the members of the Psi Omicron Zeta Chapter, invite area residents to gather at the Hylton Performing Arts Center to cele-brate and recognize the accomplishments of two deserving high school seniors planning to attend institutions of higher learning. Each stu-dent will receive a scholarship for her perse-verance and commitments to academic excel-lence. In addition, one noteworthy teacher will be bestowed the honor of ‘‘Teacher of the Year’’ for her work in and out of the classroom to shape the hearts and minds of future lead-ers. I congratulate the following individuals as the 2018 Finer Womanhood Brunch honorees: High School Scholarship Winners: Miss Samreen Azam, Gar-Field High School Miss Eva Kemal, Woodbridge High School Teacher of the Year: Mrs. Perpetua Magalhaes, Stonewall Jack-son Senior High School Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in commending the Psi Omicron Zeta Chapter of Zeta Phi Beta Sorority, Incor-porated and in congratulating the two scholar-ship recipients and 2018 Teacher of the Year honoree. f 
RECOGNIZING MR. HOANG A. DOAN 
HON. DARREN SOTO 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 29, 2018 Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Hoang A. Doan (aka HD), is a Vietnamese Refugee- Boat person who immigrated to Orlando, Flor-ida in June 1979. He and his family were res-cued in the Philippines Sea by the U.S. Navy, in September 1978 and lived in the Mandaluyon (Manila) Refugee camp until June 1979. Upon receiving a Bachelor and a Master Degree in Electrical Engineering, he initially worked for the Naval Sea Systems Command in Virginia until 1997, where he was recruited by the Naval Air Systems Command to work on various USN and Foreign Military projects until the present day. His works for the Navy included the over-haul of U.S. Navy Ships, Anti-Submarine War-fare (ASW) sonar equipment, Fire Control equipment, and shipboard computer systems. Other projects include construction and mod-ernizing Peacekeeping Forces in Mongolia, Bangladesh, Ukraine, Romania, Thailand, Slo-vakia. In addition, he assisted in building USN Helicopter Simulation and Training Programs across the U.S., Hawaii and Japan. He is cur-rently serving as the Branch Manager at Naval Air Warfare Center, Training Systems Division in Orlando, Florida, and serving as the NAVAIR Wounded Warrior Recruiter, Asian American Pacific Islander Team Lead. He is serving as a Council Member to the city of Orlando Mayors Veterans Advisory Council, Orange County, (FL) Veterans Advi-sory Council, an active Commemoration Part-ner Member of the DoD’s 50th Year Vietnam War Commemoration. He is married with two children. His wife, Christina, is an Engineer employed by the U.S. Marine Corps Program Management Training Systems (PMTRASYS). His son, is currently a Lieutenant in the U.S. Army’s 25th Infantry Division, and his daughter is pursuing a medical career through the U.S. Army’s Uni-versity of Central Florida’s ROTC Program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 May 30, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29MY8.008 E29MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE750 May 29, 2018 
CONGRATULATING THE TOWN OF LYME ON ITS BICENTENNIAL AN-NIVERSARY 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 29, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the historic Town of Lyme on its bicentennial anniversary. The Town of Lyme was formed in 1818 from lands once part of the Town of Brownville, and was named by a former resident of Lyme, Connecticut. Over the past two centuries, the Lyme has given up parts of its land to form other towns, like the Town of Clayton, just as Brownville did for Lyme. Due to its location near the water ways of Lake Ontario, the town became a prime location for industry, settle-ment, and expansion. The waterways near the town continue to have a positive impact on the town’s economy today. In addition to Lyme’s impressive economic development, Lyme’s residents are known for their patriotism and service in the military. Some of the town’s earliest settlers were vet-erans of the American Revolution and War of 1812, and since then residents have fought in the Patriot’s War, the Civil War, both World Wars, and the Korean and Vietnam Wars. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I want to congratulate the Town of Lyme on its 200th anniversary. I wish all the residents the best as they celebrate this important milestone. 
f 
HONORING THE RECIPIENTS OF THE 2018 ASIAN-AMERICAN CHAMBER OF COMMERCE EXCEL-LENCE AWARDS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 29, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the Asian-American Chamber of Com-merce and the recipients of the 2018 Excel-lence Awards. The Asian-American Chamber of Commerce (AACC) is dedicated to improving economic development opportunities for Asian Pacific American-owned businesses in the Wash-ington, D.C. region. Northern Virginia has a ro-bust international business community, and is home to the largest concentration of minority- owned technology firms in the nation. The AACC and its members contribute greatly to our regional culture, as well as our economic strength and stability. In fact, Asian- American businesses generate more than 52 percent of total revenues generated by all mi-nority owned businesses in this region. In Fair-fax County, approximately 25,000 businesses are Asian-owned and generate approximately $9 billion in annual revenue, creating 54,000 jobs. Each year, the AACC recognizes individ-uals, businesses, and non-profit organizations that have made extraordinary contributions to the Metropolitan Washington community and economy. I am pleased to include in the R
ECORD the names of the 2018 Excellence award recipients. Community Leader of the Year—Marianne Brackney Public Servant of the Year—Mark Keam Mentors of the Year—Dr. Jamie Younghee Sheen, Steven Chen Partners of the Year—Simon Malls, 2941 Restaurant Nonprofit of the Year—Chinese Culture and Community Service Center, Inc.; Asian-Amer-ican Homeownership Counseling, Inc. New Business of the Year—Office Evo-lution-Tysons Corner Restaurant of the Year—Peking Gourmet Inn Young Entrepreneur of the Year—Ting Shih, Timothy Hwang Small Business of the Year—Language on Demand, Inc.; Mobomo Company of the Year—Wedding Wire, Inc.; Subsystem Technologies, Inc. Women-Owned Business of the Year— Cognosante, SmartGurlz International Business of the Year—Hyundai Motor of America, Washington D.C. Business Leader of the Year—Syngman Rhee Chairman’s Award—Stephanie Shei President’s Award—Wonhee Kang Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the recipients of the 2018 Excellence Awards and in commending the AACC for its work to support all Asian-Amer-ican owned businesses throughout our region. f 
HONORING THE WINE SPECTATOR LEARNING CENTER 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 29, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with the Honorable J
ARED  H
UFFMAN to recognize the opening of the Wine Spectator Learning Center for the Wine Busi-ness Institute at Sonoma State University. The Wine Spectator Learning Center has transformed the previous University Commons building into a state of the art facility complete with three advanced-technology classrooms, student commons, a cafe and garden areas and meeting spaces for students, faculty and business leaders. The Wine Spectator Learning Center is a world class facility in which the next genera-tion of California wine leaders can learn and grow through the Wine Business Institute. The Institute was established in 1996 as a public- private partnership for education and research within the School of Business and Economics at Sonoma State University. Sonoma State University is the first college or university in the United States to offer programs and de-grees specializing in the business of wine, which is immensely important to our local economy. Additionally, the School of Business and Economics is the first in the world to offer an executive-level wine business degree. The Wine Business Institute, besides edu-cating students, hosts conferences and symposia to the benefit of individual wine in-dustry professionals, including winemakers, viticulturists, distributors and vineyard owners. The Wine Business Institute also provides pro-grams and activities that help the wine indus-try evolve to meet the challenges of an in-creasingly fast-paced world. The Institute is particularly well-situated to address changing public policies and regulations and assist the industry in adapting to them. Mr. Speaker, the Wine Business Institute has had a great effect on the wine industry both in California and worldwide, and I am confident that the addition of the Wine Spec-tator Learning Center will only continue to benefit our great district. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor the continued suc-cess of the Wine Business Institute and the Wine Spectator Learning Center here today. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE NAACP IN FAIR-FAX COUNTY 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 29, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the Fairfax County NAACP and the Tinner Hill Foundation on this momentous oc-casion. This year we are celebrating 100 years of involvement of the NAACP in Fairfax County and the 20th Anniversary of the found-ing of the Tinner Hill Foundation. In 1915, threatened by the imposition of a new ordinance that would impose segregation in Falls Church, a group of African American men led by Joseph Tinner and Edwin Bancroft Henderson organized in opposition to this threat to their community. Even though serious threats of harm or death had been made by Ku Klux Klan members against Mr. Hender-son, he and the other founding members of what was then known as the Colored Citizens Protection League and what would evolve into the Fairfax Chapter of the NAACP would not be intimidated. They chose to stand to fight for their rights and those of their neighbors. Since that time, the NAACP has worked for not only the civil rights of African-Americans in Fairfax County, but for the dignity and worth of every member of our community. I have been proud to stand with the Fairfax NAACP on these issues and have counted them as a partner throughout my career in public service. One project I am especially proud of is our work to create a Civil Rights archive to enshrine the history of our own community’s efforts and struggles during that time. While the campaigns led by Dr. King in the Deep South were pivotal in the fight for equal rights, the injustices of racism and Jim Crow were not confined to those areas. Afri-can-American citizens of Fairfax County also faced discrimination and endured harsh treat-ment and abuse. This was at the hands of an entrenched white majority which had no plans on relinquishing the power they wanted des-perately to maintain. Yet, as Dr. King would later do, the early founders of the Fairfax NAACP carried on and prevailed in the face of what must have seemed like overwhelming odds. Our commu-nity is better now because of that victory and the ones that would follow, and it is right this history be recounted and remembered for and by future generations. More recently, the Fair-fax County NAACP has focused its efforts on combating voter suppression and criminal jus-tice reform, two issues which show despite the successes of the Civil Rights movement, much more work still remains to build a truly equal and just society. In Fairfax County, one of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 May 30, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29MY8.012 E29MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE751 May 29, 2018 
wealthiest counties in the entire United States, it can be easy to think such issues do not con-cern us or that our community does not have those kinds of problems. We must not allow our economic success and prosperity to blind us to the very real fact that the benefits of a truly just and equal society are not fully en-joyed by all members of our community. The work to build a fair society goes on and I will continue to stand shoulder to shoulder with the NAACP in that work. As we commemorate and celebrate Black History Month, let us remain vigilant in our ef-forts and uncompromising in our belief that as Dr. King once said, ‘‘An injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.’’ Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in continuing this march towards equality and justice. I con-gratulate the Fairfax County NAACP and the Tinner Hill Foundation on the occasion of their anniversaries and extend my deepest respect and appreciation for their efforts on behalf of all in our community. 
f 
HOW MANY MORE LIVES? GUN VIOLENCE IN AMERICA 
HON. MARCIA L. FUDGE 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 29, 2018 Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to appeal to my colleagues once again to take a stand against gun violence in this country. We cannot continue to refuse to protect our chil-dren and our communities and seniors. It is time for the Members of this House to come together and simply do what is right. I believe in the Constitution. I believe in the 2nd Amendment. I have taken an oath to pro-tect and defend both. I believe Americans have a right to defend themselves. But, the Constitution does not guarantee citizens the right to carry weapons of war. It doesn’t guarantee any of us the right to have and use a magazine that will shoot 100 bullets in less than 30 seconds. Those who say the 2nd Amendment provides those guarantees are not only wrong, but they ignore the rights of our children and communities to be free of fear in school, at worship, at concerts and in restaurants. The 2nd Amendment doesn’t give anyone the right to make our children afraid to leave the house. I have the right to walk out of my house without fear that I might be shot. The 17 students, teachers and staff who lost their lives at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida had the right to go to school and work that fateful morning and not expect to be shot. The parents and families of the 8 students and 2 teachers killed at Santa Fe High School had the right to expect their sons, daughters, and mothers to come home the night of May 18th. And, let me remind you of the Waffle House Shooting near Nashville last month, the Las Vegas shooting, Orlando Pulse Night Club shooting, and the Sutherland Springs church shooting, all within the last two years. We can-not keep offering people our thoughts and prayers without doing something. ‘‘Faith by itself, if it is not accompanied by action, is dead.’’ (James 2:17) Let us show the White House, the National Rifle Association and anyone else who wants to put guns before the safety of our people, especially our children, that we still have a backbone. Democrats and Republicans can still stand with the hundreds of thousands of students who took to the streets of America in March. They demanded accountability from legislators for the lives lost and gun reform policies to save lives in the future. Now let’s stand for them. This is not a mental health issue as the White House and NRA suggests. This is, with-out question, a safety issue. I stood before the House of Representatives in February of this year and I will repeat what I said then. Repub-licans cannot claim that mental illness is to blame, while simultaneously cutting funding for mental health treatment, undermining Ameri-cans’ health insurance, and stripping schools of the resources needed to employ a guidance counselor, social worker or more teachers to reduce class sizes and give children more in-dividual attention. What will it take for us to get angry? How many more have to die before we act? Martin Luther King said, ‘‘There comes a time when silence is betrayal.’’ Let us not turn our backs on our young people, families and commu-nities across this nation looking to us to pass common sense legislation. f 
CONGRATULATING JOHN R. NIEMIEC ON HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 29, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize my friend John Niemiec, and to con-gratulate him on his retirement from the Fair-fax County Fire and Rescue Department. A 32-year veteran of the Department, John re-tired in February 2018, having earned the rank of Captain II. A native of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, John is an avid fan of all Pittsburgh professional sports teams, but perhaps none more so than his beloved Steelers. In fact, John’s entire recreation room in his home is a shrine-like tribute to the Black and Gold. He often travels back to Pittsburgh so that he can watch his fa-vorite team play, perhaps with an icy Iron City in one hand and a Terrible Towel in the other. John relocated to Northern Virginia and joined the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue De-partment in 1986 after working for the Federal Bureau of Investigation in Washington, D.C. In addition to his service with the Department, John was also a dedicated member of the Fairfax County Professional Firefighters and Paramedics, Local 2068. He served for 17 years on the local Executive Board, including 4 years as Vice-President and over 10 years as President. John also served his fellow fire-fighters as a Pension Trustee for 12 years. During this time, he was also a member of the Executive Board of the National Conference on Public Employee Retirement Systems. I was proud to partner with John to ensure that our public safety personnel and first re-sponders received the highest level of support possible from our county government during my time as a Member and Chairman of the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors. One of the projects of which I am proudest is the cre-ation of the Public Safety Occupational Health Center, which we dedicated at the Fairfax County Public Safety Headquarters last month. John was instrumental in this project and was pivotal in its successful completion. However, out of all the positions he has held, including Captain, President, and Trust-ee, the title that gives him the most joy is ‘‘Dad.’’ As a single parent, John raised two wonderful daughters, and has taught them by example how to embrace the values of hon-esty, integrity, respect, and dedication to serv-ing others. John truly represents these values, many of which are shared by his professional colleagues and make our Fairfax County first responders the standard against which all oth-ers are judged. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking my friend John Niemiec for his dedication and service to our community and in congratulating him on his retirement. While he may be retiring from the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department, he will continue to advocate on behalf of firefighters and para-medics in his new role of State Policy and Legislative Representative for the International Association of Firefighters. I am sure that he will bring the same passion and determination to this new position that he has brought to all of his previous endeavors. It has been my dis-tinct honor and privilege to work with him throughout our shared career in public service, and I wish him all the best and continued suc-cess. f 
TRICKETT WENDLER, FRANK MONGIELLO, JORDAN M
CLINN, AND MATTHEW BELLINA RIGHT TO TRY ACT OF 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I once again rise in opposition to the Senate version of the Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello, Jordan McLinn, and Matthew Bellina Right to Try Act of 2017. The third time is not the charm. The House version of this bill was defeated when it was brought up under suspension and a week later it was forced through on a party line vote. This bill is dangerous. It will put the most vulnerable patients’ lives at risk by using prod-ucts that have not been tested for efficacy. It also takes unprecedented steps to undermine the role of the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in the authorization of investigational use, or right-to-try drugs. It’s worse than the House version and FDA Commissioner Dr. Scott Gottlieb expressed his concerns about this bill during a Health Subcommittee hearing in October, 2017. This bill once again does not address the true barrier to investigational use drugs—the manufacturer. It does not compel manufactur-ers to provide investigational use products to patients or physicians. The manufacturer often is justified in not providing investigational use drugs to patients due to production and manu-facturing limitations, or because the manufac-turer determines that a patient is not an appro-priate candidate for their drug. Nothing in this bill corrects the barriers of the current system or makes it more feasible for manufacturers to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 May 30, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29MY8.015 E29MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE752 May 29, 2018 
provide investigational use drugs to patients or physicians. It simply creates a new system without the any oversight or approval of the FDA that plays an important role in authorizing the use of right-to-try-products. Patients trust that the products they receive will not cause more harm than good and that they offer some promise of relief and hope. This bill creates an alternative pathway for the most vulnerable patients in our country to ac-cess drugs that have not been approved for safety or efficacy outside the FDA’s existing protocols. In this bill the definition of patient is so broad that it allows for a large patient popu-lation to access unapproved products, putting a greater number of patients at risk of harm of using products that have not been tested for efficacy. This bill allows any physician to come up with their own informed consent form which does not have to meet legal standards. Our sickest patients should not have to worry about what they’re signing when they’re des-perate to access a treatment they hope can save their lives. As a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee, I regret that my Committee was not given the opportunity to improve this bill. We did not consider this bill under regular order where my concerns and those of others could have been addressed and the legislation could have been strengthened. This legislation should be rejected for the risks it poses to patient safety, the false hope it gives patients, and the poor process it un-derwent. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF MANTECH INTER-NATIONAL CORPORATION 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 29, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize ManTech International Corporation on its 50th anniversary. This incredible milestone is a testament to the spirit of the leadership and employees of this great company. In 1968, what was then called Management Technologies received a contract from the U.S. Navy to develop sophisticated wargaming simulations to assist in developing plans for containing and defeating the Soviet fleet should the Cold War turn hot. Thankfully, these simulations never became reality. How-ever, this contract was the beginning of a jour-ney of growth that would lead this company from its humble beginnings of one office and sixteen employees to dozens of offices across the United States and 7,600 employees around the world. ManTech’s motto continues to be ‘‘Securing the Future’’, and over the years they have de-veloped numerous ways to accomplish this goal. Since that original wargaming simulation contract 50 years ago, ManTech has ex-panded its digital portfolio to become a leading provider of Cybersecurity, Enterprise IT, Data Collection and Analytics, and Systems and Software Engineering. Today, ManTech pro-vides services to almost every sector of the federal government, including the Departments of Defense, State, Energy, Justice, Health and Human Services, Veterans Affairs, as well as the Intelligence Community, and all branches of the Armed Forces and the space commu-nity, to name a few. However, ManTech’s client base is not lim-ited solely to the federal government. Through its emerging Commercial Services business unit, ManTech looks to leverage the same connections and expertise which have allowed it to deliver so much success to its federal cli-ents to deliver the same success to the private and commercial sectors as well. ManTech’s efforts have borne significant re-sults and accolades. In FY2017, ManTech posted an annual revenue of $1.72 billion, and received contract awards in excess of $4.2 bil-lion, almost half consisting of new business. Thompson-Reuters named ManTech one of the Top 100 Global Technology Companies. Perhaps most impressively Monster.com rated ManTech as the ‘‘Number 1 Company for Vet-erans’’. This should perhaps come as no sur-prise since 47 percent of ManTech employees are veterans. In Northern Virginia, we have a strong ethos of giving back to our community and in making the investments in our population necessary to provide a great quality of life. ManTech fits in well with this tradition by their own commit-ment to workforce development. From creating college-accredited certification programs to partnering with universities to provide addi-tional paths for career advancement, Man- Tech recognizes, as we do in Northern Vir-ginia, that its greatest resource is its employ-ees. I am proud to represent ManTech and its employees in Congress and I ask my col-leagues to join me in congratulating them on this momentous anniversary. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF EVA SCHLOSS 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 29, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Eva Geiringer Schloss, who lives such an inspiring life as a Holocaust survivor of Auschwitz. Ms. Schloss is the stepsister and good friend of Anne Frank, who perished in the Holocaust. Ms. Eva Geiringer Schloss was born in 1929. She studied art history at the University of Amsterdam and went on to become an ac-complished author detailing the experiences of her family. Mrs. Schloss is also the co-founder of the Anne Frank Trust UK, and recorded vir-tual reality answers to numerous questions for museums everywhere in the world ensuring we never forget those tragic events. Mrs. Schloss is an inspiration to all of us in remem-bering the Holocaust and honoring the lives of those lost. It is because of dedicated women such as Ms. Eva Schloss that I am especially proud to serve in Congress. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again formally honor Ms. Eva Schloss today as an inspiration to us all. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2017 STARS OVER DULLES AWARD RECIPIENTS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 29, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the Dulles Regional Chamber of Com-merce for its ongoing dedication to local busi-nesses and our community and to congratu-late the 2017 ‘‘Stars Over Dulles’’ Award re-cipients. This year, at the 22nd Annual Stars Over Dulles Awards Luncheon, the Chamber will honor those extraordinary businesses, non- profit organizations, and citizens who have dedicated their talents and activities to en-hancing our economy and our community. As the former Chairman of the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors, and now as a Member of Congress representing this com-munity, I have been proud to partner with the Chamber on promoting the region’s pro-busi-ness climate, and celebrating the service so many individuals and businesses provide to our community. It is my honor to include in the R
ECORD the following recipients of the 2017 Stars Over Dulles Awards. Transportation Leader: Paul J. Wiedefeld, WMATA General Manager and CEO Workforce Leader: Madhu Garlanka, CEO, Software Products, Allyn Corporation Bank Leader: MainStreet Bank Hospitality Leader: Westfields Marriott Washington Dulles Small Business Leader: Jay Johnson, CEO, Five Minute Productions Business Leader: Geoffrey Lawson, VP & GM, National Conference Center Innovation Leader: Praduman Jain, CEO, Vibrant Health Arts Leader: Laura Readyoff, Owner, The Music Loft LLC Distinguished Veteran: Jim Kuiken, K9s for Warriors Nonprofit Leader: Children’s Science Center Corporate Social Responsibility: John Sekas, Sekas Homes LLC New Chamber Member: Mustang Sally Brewing Company First Responder of the Year: Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office Chairman’s Lifetime Achievement Award: Art Anselene, Town of Herndon (Retired) Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the 2017 Stars Over Dulles Award recipients and in thanking these busi-nesses and individuals for their many contribu-tions to our region’s economic success and quality of life. Their efforts are among the many reasons why Northern Virginia remains one of the best places in the country in which to live, work, raise a family, and start a busi-ness. I commend them on receiving these awards and wish them continued success. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 May 30, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29MY8.018 E29MYPT1
D605 Tuesday, May 29, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate met at 9:00:11 a.m. in pro forma ses-sion, and adjourned at 9:00:22 a.m. until 11:30 a.m., on Thursday, May 31, 2018. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 4 public bills, H.R. 5984–5987 were introduced.
      Page H4736 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H4736 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H.R. 788, to amend the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act to facilitate the establish-ment of additional or expanded public target ranges in certain States (H. Rept. 115–707, Part 1). 
                                                                                            Page H4736 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Mooney (WV) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H4735 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rabbi Hannah Spiro, Hill Havurah, Washington DC.
                                                        Page H4735 
Commission on Social Impact Partnerships—Ap-pointment: Read a letter from Representative Pelosi, Minority Leader, in which she appointed the following individual to serve as a Commissioner to the Commission on Social Impact Partnerships: Ms. Anne Wilson of San Rafael, California.
         Page H4735 
Senate Referral: S. 2952 was held at the desk. Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H4735. Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 1:30 p.m. and ad-journed at 1:36 p.m. Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, MAY 31, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 May 30, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29MY8.REC D29MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD606 May 29, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 11:30 a.m., Thursday, May 31 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9:30 a.m., Friday, June 1 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma ses-sion at 9:30 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E752 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E747, E747, E748, E748, E749, E750, E750, E751, E752, E752 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E751 Fudge, Marcia L., Ohio, E751 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E749 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E747 Ros-Lehtinen, Ileana, Fla., E747 Soto, Darren, Fla., E749 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E750 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E748, E750 Welch, Peter, Vt., E748 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 May 30, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D29MY8.REC D29MYPT1