Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H4585 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, MAY 23, 2018 No. 85 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, May 23, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable E
VAN H. J
ENKINS to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
FOSTER YOUTH SHADOW DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, May is Foster Care Month and a time to recognize the almost 800,000 foster youth in America. During this month, we renew our commitment to ensuring that every child has a safe, loving family. I am a member of the Congressional Caucus on Foster Youth, and also had a foster brother growing up. He is still my brother today. I know firsthand how a loving, sup-portive home can make all the dif-ference in a young person’s life. Every child deserves to grow up healthy and safe. We know that when children grow up in stable households, they are much more likely to succeed as adults. This month, we both recommit our-selves to ensuring that every child has access to the promise of the American Dream while honoring the countless professionals and individuals who make selfless sacrifices to make this promise a reality. Mr. Speaker, today is Congressional Foster Youth Shadow Day. More than 100 foster youth from across the coun-try will be here in Congress spending the day with Members of Congress. Shadow Day allows foster youth to share their experiences in foster care directly with Congress to help inform and improve child welfare policy. The child welfare system directly impacts their lives, so it is important foster youth voices are heard here in Con-gress. Today, I am proud to have Lawrence White with me as a part of Shadow Day. Lawrence is a 22-year-old from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He was in the foster care system from the time he was 10 years old until the time he turned 20. That is when he aged out of the system. During those 10 years, Lawrence shuffled between 19 different homes and placements. Despite moving so often, Lawrence was able to stay in programs that he enjoyed, such as theater and church activities. He said such activi-ties kept him grounded, or, as he puts it, ‘‘I was fortunate enough to remain humble and beat the odds.’’ Mr. Speaker, the experiences of youth who transition out of the foster care system without a permanent home place them at a higher risk of unem-ployment, poor educational outcomes, health issues, early parenthood, long- term dependency on public assistance, increased rates of incarceration, and homelessness. But, as Lawrence said: He beat the odds. Lawrence graduated from high school and earned a scholarship to attend Point Park University in Pittsburgh. He now works as a youth support part-ner with young people in the foster care system. He currently attends Daytona State College, where his future goal is to be-come a business owner and an author. I have no doubt that the future is bright for Lawrence. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful that I can spend time today with Lawrence and hear about how we can improve the fos-ter care system, because every child deserves a safe, supportive, and perma-nent family. THANKING THE USO FOR ITS COMMITMENT TO  
AMERICAN SERVICEMEMBERS  
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, the USO was on Capitol Hill yesterday for a service project where volunteers can assemble snack packs for servicemembers who are cur-rently deployed. More than 2,000 snack packs were assembled as a part of the Force Behind the Forces campaign. The USO strengthens America’s mili-tary servicemembers by keeping them connected to family, home, and coun-try throughout their service to the Na-tion. USO has more than 200 locations around the globe. It serves 4.9 million Active Duty, Guard, and Reserve mem-bers and their families. For more than 75 years, the USO has been by the side of America’s military servicemembers. From the moment they join, through their assignments and deployments, and as they transi-tion back to their communities, the USO has been there. There are USO centers at or near military installations across the United States and throughout the world, including in combat zones, and even un-staffed USO service sites in places too dangerous for anyone but combat troops to occupy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.000 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4586 May 23, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the USO for its dedication to our servicemembers and their families. 
f 
JANUS V. AFSCME The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ) for 5 minutes. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, too many working families still struggle to pay their bills, to take care of their families, and to save for their kids to go to college or to take care of aging parents. The middle class—households with an income between 67 and 200 percent of median income—is shrinking and in-come inequality is growing. Wage stag-nation means more families will need safety net services like SNAP—food stamps—and housing assistance at a time when the majority in Congress is trying to cut those programs. What should we be doing? Consider this. Unions helped build the middle class. Unionized teachers, nurses, and firefighters have better ac-cess to paid holidays, paid sick leave, and retirement benefits, and less need for safety net services. When workers have the right to join together and have a voice in the work-place, it is also good for nonunion workers who benefit from those higher standards. Unfortunately, here in Congress and across the street at the Supreme Court, with the Janus v. AFSCME case, work-ing families and organized labor are under attack. To grow our economy and reduce the need for safety net programs, we should make it easier, not harder, for workers to form unions and collec-tively bargain. Until we do, we will continue to see a shrinking middle class. 
f 
RECOGNIZING 93RD BIRTHDAY OF LIEUTENANT COLONEL ALBERT ‘‘BUZ’’ STEBBINS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. N
ORMAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, it is my great honor today to recognize the 93rd birthday of a true American hero, Lieutenant Colonel ‘‘Buz’’ Stebbins. Just after Lieutenant Colonel Stebbins turned 20 years old, he grad-uated from West Point in 1945. He served as a pilot in the Army Air Corps and the United States Air Force for 28 years. During that time, Buz piloted scores of military aircraft, including the honor of taking delivery from Lock-heed of one of the first C5A Galaxy cargo aircraft, the largest cargo air-craft in the world. He flew 70 missions to Vietnam in support of our troops en-gaged in that war. While stationed in Germany, he became a member of the Caterpillar Club, whose membership is restricted to those who have had to bail out of a disabled aircraft. During his military career, Colonel Stebbins also served as a professor of physics at both West Point and the United States Air Force Academy. Retiring in 1973, Colonel Stebbins chose to reside in the great city of Tega Cay, South Carolina, which is in my Fifth Congressional District. He be-came very active in the community, and was instrumental in Tega Cay being incorporated as a city in 1982. He has been honored by a number of orga-nizations in the community, including Citizen of the Year, grand marshal of the Independence Day parade, and many more. Colonel Stebbins exemplifies the motto of the great school of West Point: Duty, Honor, Country. Buz, happy 93rd birthday on May 31. We look forward to many more years of you doing what you continue to do. f 
NATIONAL MARITIME DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of an extraordinary group of people. Yesterday was National Maritime Day, and I rise to bring attention to the House legislation that I recently introduced, H.R. 5879, the World War II Merchant Marine Congressional Gold Medal. I hear the cheers from all of my colleagues here on the floor as they line up to support this piece of legisla-tion. Last year, my colleague, S
USAN  B
ROOKS , my good Republican friend, in-troduced this legislation. I am grateful to her and to Congressman D
ONYOUNG  of Alaska for their support of this leg-islation this year. This bill has obvious bipartisan support and bicameral sup-port. Senator M
URKOWSKI of Alaska is leading this bill in what some call the upper Chamber; we simply call it the Senate. During World War II, our Armed Forces relied upon the Merchant Ma-rine to ferry supplies, cargo, manpower and womanpower into both theaters of operation: the Pacific and the Atlantic. They paid a heavy price for their serv-ice. The Merchant Marine casualty rate was the highest among all branches of the U.S. Armed Forces. An estimated 8,300 merchant mariners lost their life during the war, and around 12,000 were wounded. But these brave men and women, who put their lives on the line to sustain our Armed Forces, were not even given veteran status until 1988, much less public recognition for their invaluable service. Today, I am going to meet with a group of World War II Merchant Marine veterans: Charles Mills from Texas, age 97; Eugene Barner from Kansas, age 92; and Robert Weagant from Illinois, age 92. I will also be meeting with families of other veterans who are no longer with us. I am meeting them to hear firsthand their stories of bravery and peril in the service of our Armed Forces. They deserve the recognition of a Congressional Gold Medal, and that is precisely what this legislation will do. I urge all of the Members of this House and the Senate to give our Mer-chant Marine veterans and their fami-lies the honor they deserve. I will also be discussing with these gentlemen and their families a piece of legislation that we introduced the day before yesterday, we call it the Ener-gizing the American Shipbuilding In-dustry—taking a small percentage of the oil and natural gas that we are now exporting and requiring that that be on American-built ships with American mariners, so that we can maintain the extraordinary tradition of bravery and service that the World War II mariners showed this Nation. If we are successful in passing this legislation, we will be building some 50 ships, or more, in our shipyards all across America, providing jobs in the upper Midwest, where they build the great engines for these ships: the pumps, the pipes, and the electronic systems. We would also be providing some 1,800 jobs for the next generation of mariners. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues not only to support the Congressional Gold Medal for the World War II mari-ners, but support our effort to create mariners for the next generation, which, hopefully, will not be a war but, if it is, we know that we can rely on them, just as we did in World War II. f 
RECOGNIZING 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ROTARY CLUB OF MON-ROE, LOUISIANA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 100th anniver-sary of the Rotary Club of Monroe, Louisiana. The Monroe Rotary Club started on June 1, 1918, and its centennial birth-day marks 100 years of service, charity, and dedication from the members over the years. Today, the club has grown to over 140 members, and it is involved in service projects throughout the Monroe area. The Monroe Rotary Club promotes education, local economic growth, and clean water availability locally, na-tionally, and around the world just to promote the innate ability to drink clean water. Members of this club are the problem solvers that collaborate with the com-munity leaders, many of whom are members themselves, to lead and con-tinue to lead on issues that are facing the Monroe area. In this year alone, the Monroe Ro-tary Club has donated over 1,000 books to inmates at the Swanson Correc-tional Center, awarded 11 $250 scholar-ships to high school seniors, and do-nated 95 bicycles to children in need 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.002 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4587 May 23, 2018 
during the Christmas season. Their crowning annual event is a gumbo fundraiser, where they raise thousands of dollars for their service projects. In this year alone, they have raised over $8,000 that will be used to buy new playground equipment, send children to camp, and sponsor softball teams. I am always very proud to see people and organizations like these in the Monroe area, and in my entire district in Lou-isiana. Over the past 100 years, the Monroe Rotary Club has worked tirelessly to improve the city and the quality of life for those who live there. b1015 They inspire me and others by the changes that they direct, that they make, and the positive impact that they bring to the Monroe area. Today, not only do I congratulate them on their 100th anniversary, but I stand in recognition and certainly thanks for their century of service to the city of Monroe and the State of Louisiana. 
f 
LOUIS ZAMPERINI POST OFFICE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) for 5 minutes. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recogni-tion of the life and legacy of an Amer-ican hero, Louis Zamperini. Louis Zamperini was an Olympic run-ner who, while serving as an airman during World War II, was captured and held as a prisoner of war. Many remem-ber Louis Zamperini as an inspira-tional symbol of resilience, athleticism, and service. The city of Torrance and the resi-dents of our community in the 43rd Congressional District of California are especially proud and inspired by Louis Zamperini. Louis Zamperini was the son of Italian immigrants. He moved to Tor-rance, California, at the age of 3 and was a graduate of Torrance High School. It was during his tenure at Torrance High School that Zamperini’s abilities in track and cross country first gained notoriety. Nicknamed the ‘‘Torrance Tornado,’’ Louis Zamperini set the national high school record in the mile at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum in 1934. His record time of 4 minutes 21.2 seconds was unbroken for 20 years. As a teenager, Zamperini qualified and competed in the 1936 Olympic Games in Berlin, Germany, where he finished eighth in the 5,000-meter run. After the Olympics, Zamperini earned a scholarship to the University of Southern California, where he became one of the university’s most celebrated student athletes. Louis Zamperini enlisted in the United States Army Air Corps and served in World War II as a B–24 Lib-erator bombardier in the 372nd Bomb Squadron. During a rescue mission on May 27, 1943, Zamperini’s plane crashed into the sea. Zamperini spent 47 days adrift in a life raft fending off starvation and fighting to survive. The United States military believed he had perished in the crash and informed his parents of his death in June 1943. In actuality, Zamperini was captured by a Japanese patrol boat and held as a prisoner of war. Over the next 2 years, he was regularly beaten and starved. Louis Zamperini was finally liberated following the Japanese sur-render in September of 1945. Zamperini became an evangelical Christian and gave inspirational speeches across the country. He also founded the Victory Boys Camp, a wil-derness camp, to assist at-risk youth. Louis Zamperini passed away on July 2, 2014, in Los Angeles at the age of 97 years old. Zamperini was married for 54 years to his wife, Cynthia, who pre-ceded him in death. He was survived by his son, Luke, his daughter, Cynthia Garris, and his grandson, Clay. People across the country are famil-iar with Louis Zamperini’s story, which was told in the 2010 book, ‘‘Un-broken: A World War II Story of Sur-vival, Resilience, and Redemption,’’ by Laura Hillenbrand, which rose to num-ber one on The New York Times Best Seller list. In 2014, director Angelina Jolie released a movie about Zamperini adapted from Hillenbrand’s book. Because of his remarkable athletic abilities and heroic service to our country, Louis Zamperini will forever be remembered as a hero and favorite son of Torrance. That is why I am so very proud to announce that today, in collaboration with California’s senior United States Senator, D
IANNE FEIN-
STEIN , I have just introduced a resolu-tion to rename the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1433 Marcelina Avenue in Torrance, California, as the Louis Zamperini Post Office Building. My legislation has the bipartisan support of the entire Cali-fornia delegation in the House of Rep-resentatives. Over the Memorial Day holiday weekend, as we honor the memory of the brave military servicemembers who have given their lives for our country, let us all reflect on the legacy of Louis Zamperini and countless other American heroes who have sacrificed to protect our ideals, our democracy, and our country. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL FOSTER YOUTH SHADOW DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Foster Youth Shad-ow Day. Today, I have Wini visiting us from Omaha, Nebraska. She is a junior at the University of Nebraska at Omaha, studying criminal justice, with a minor in communications. Wini is in Wash-ington, D.C., along with more than 100 young adults participating in the sev-enth annual Congressional Foster Youth Shadow Day. Currently, there are more than 400,000 youth in the foster care system, and we need to make sure the system is working well for all of our children. I look forward to learning from Wini so I can better advocate for these children in Congress as the newest co-chair of the Congressional Caucus on Foster Youth. As a foster parent myself, I know how important it is for every child to have a safe, supportive, and loving family. Wini is an inspiration for all of us, as she wants to attend law school and continue using her voice as an advo-cate for young people. Thank you for being here today, Wini. I know you have a bright future ahead of you, because you have an in-domitable spirit, you have heart, and you have character. f 
PROFESSOR SLOCUM AND THE SOCIAL SAFETY NET The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ) for 5 minutes. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in honoring the life and legacy of Rutgers Law School Professor Alfred Slocum. Professor Slocum was a titan in the legal and civil rights communities. While still a student at Rutgers Law, he spoke out on behalf of minorities and people of color. He worked with professors and other students to help create the Rutgers Law Minority Stu-dent Program, which is the most exten-sive and renowned program to train minority lawyers in this country. During his career, Professor Slocum served many roles in the legal profes-sion and in the public service sector. He was an executive director of the Council on Legal Education Oppor-tunity. He served as public advocate of the State of New Jersey in 1986 and, later that year, was appointed public defender. For 5 years, Professor Slocum cham-pioned the causes of the voiceless and the indigent. Then in 1990, he returned to law school, where he taught until re-tiring from the faculty in 2001. I speak for myself, for the city of Newark, and for the State of New Jer-sey when I say that Professor Slocum’s life was well lived. I ask my colleagues to join me in honor of this great man’s legacy. Mr. Speaker, as I mentioned, Pro-fessor Alfred Slocum was a champion for the voiceless and for people in need. Mr. Speaker, the people who are in the greatest need in this country rely on our social safety net for food, for shel-ter, for healthcare, and for many neces-sities that help them scrape by. We cannot leave them to despair. These people are not just a statistic. They are not just an idea. They are human beings. They are Americans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.004 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4588 May 23, 2018 
They are people who just need a help-ing hand. I have said this before, but let me say it again. I have never met a person who wakes up in the morning and says, ‘‘I want to be poor today.’’ That is just not a reality. Let me add this. I have never met a person who wakes up at 5 a.m. to go to her first job, comes home at 1 p.m. to take a nap, and heads out to her second job at 4 p.m., yet still lives paycheck to paycheck, still relies on SNAP and Medicaid to make ends meet, but thinks to herself, ‘‘I like to struggle.’’ She does not exist, because that is just not how the world works. Programs like SNAP, Medicaid, hous-ing assistance, our entire social safety net is a supplement that helps people struggle just a little bit less. Yet my colleagues across the aisle and their friends in the White House keep pushing the false narrative that people who rely on government assist-ance to make ends meet are just free-loaders who take advantage of the gov-ernment handouts and buy drugs. The majority party and the 45th President keep pushing their callous, immoral narrative in order to tear apart the so-cial safety net. Mr. Speaker, the United States Gov-ernment should be making it easier for Americans to maintain a decent stand-ard of living. We have to protect our most vulnerable and those who are in need. Let us end this administration’s war on the working poor and help make lives better for our constituents. The American people deserve A Bet-ter Deal. 
f 
LET’S PUT OUR KIDS BEFORE CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, today, once again, we are going to debate what we need to do to stop these sense-less attacks on our schools. Our schools are a place of memories. Think about it. We can all, every one of us, recite stories of when we were in elementary school. We all know stories about friends or things that happened in junior high school and in high school. Our life’s memories are filled back in those schooldays, those memo-ries. The children today, the kids today, have different memories of school. No child in America should go to school afraid, and no parent in America should worry about their children, if they are going to come home safely, when they send them to school. As I stand here right now, outside these doors there are armed guards with machine guns, guard dogs, metal detectors to keep us safe. But today, once again, children will go to school across America and sit like sitting ducks in a classroom. When a crazed madman attacked my colleagues and friends at baseball prac-tice, our response was instant. It was immediate. Democrats and Repub-licans, we all agreed we need more se-curity for Congress, we need more money to secure our offices, to secure our staff to make sure they are safe. We even found money to provide secu-rity for us at home. People move pret-ty fast here when it is about them-selves and their families. Why do we think that our lives are more important than the lives of any parent’s child in America? Why do we think we are more impor-tant that we can find security for our-selves so quickly? We should take every metal detector in this building and send it to some school tomorrow until we find the money to secure our schools like we did for ourselves. I read an article where root canals and colonoscopies have a higher ap-proval rating than Congress. Maybe the American people will think differently if we put our kids before Congress. f 
b1030 HONORING SPECIAL FORCES SOLDIER AARON BUTLER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
URTIS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, this week, I had the privilege to speak to the par-ents of Special Forces Soldier Aaron Butler from Monticello, Utah. From the time Aaron was in the first grade, he wanted to join the military and serve our country. After a leg-endary career as a four-time State wrestling champion at Monticello High School, Aaron joined the Utah Na-tional Guard. Within a few years, he was one of just four soldiers who graduated with hon-ors from the Army Green Beret Special Qualification Course. Throughout his service, Aaron’s teammates and superior officers re-garded him as a natural leader with an unmatched work ethic. He was tough and dedicated. He loved our country, and he took his responsi-bility to protect it seriously. On August 16, 2017, Aaron was serving as a staff sergeant in Bravo Company, 1st Battalion, 19th Special Forces Group of the Utah National Guard on his first combat deployment that should have ended in October. Tragically, an explosion occurred while he was clearing a booby-trapped building in Afghanistan, killing Aaron and injuring 11 teammates. His family, seven siblings, parents, and fiancee, as well as his teammates, were devastated. His hometown and the rest of our State mourned this tragic loss. His sister said that if Aaron had given his own eulogy, he would have said: I came. I lived. I killed bad guys. I died. Aaron and his courageous sacrifice will never be forgotten. Our country is forever indebted to the service of Aaron and countless others who make daily sacrifices to protect our country and keep us safe. And our country is, likewise, forever indebted to the families that have sup-ported them. Like many others, I have been blessed by the dedicated military serv-ice of a family member. My father served in the Navy during World War II. I was reminded of his great service during a recent visit to the U.S. Naval Academy, where I had the honor to meet with a group of Utah cadets, and again during a visit with U.S. troops stationed in Poland and Abu Dhabi. This weekend, we will celebrate Me-morial Day and take the opportunity to express our deepest and most pro-found gratitude to those who have fall-en in the service of our country. I thank them, their families, and all those who are willing to serve. Our way of life and every ideal we hold dear has been built on the sacrifice of these he-roes. This week, I am proud to speak in support of the proposals in the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act that will provide our troops with support to increase capability and capacity in a force that has been asked to do too much with too little for too long. In this, I am pleased to support a well-deserved pay raise for our troops and extend special pay and bonuses to servicemembers in high-demand fields, something our servicemembers and their families have more than earned. After heroically serving this country, our veterans deserve the very best that we can give them back home. This week, I was honored to support more than a dozen veterans bills that passed the House. These proposals will help improve the lives and honor the men and women who have served so selflessly. This legislation will help provide for disabled veterans who have been wounded in service. It will ensure our veterans have access to the care and resources they have earned. It will keep our homeless veterans off the street. It will ease educational burdens placed on our veterans by the Federal Government. It will protect our vet-erans from the dangers of opioid abuse. It will increase accountability at the Department of Veterans Affairs to guarantee those brave individuals and their families receive the quality of service they deserve. This Memorial Day, we honor the dedicated generations of men and women who have fought for our coun-try and ensured our freedom. May we all strive every day to live worthy of their sacrifice, and may God bless the United States of America. 
f 
THE MEDAL OF HONOR The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. T
AYLOR ) for 5 minutes. Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, ‘‘For con-spicuous gallantry and intrepidity at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.006 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4589 May 23, 2018 
the risk of life above and beyond the call of duty.’’ These are the words that begin every Medal of Honor citation, our Nation’s highest and most pres-tigious military decoration. They are uncommon but not as un-common as the actions and sacrifice detailed in the narrative summaries of those awards. Of the estimated 50 million Ameri-cans who have worn a military uni-form, 3,440 have received the Medal of Honor. The criteria for the award are pro-found, clear, and always deadly; indeed, almost all recipients sacrificing their lives to earn them. Their service is memorialized at military installations throughout the world. You can read of their bravery on walls, monuments, and headstones. Buildings, streets, ships, and forward- operating bases bear their names in an attempt to honor, to inspire, and to re-member. If you wear a uniform, you walk in the dark shadows of heroes every day. Today, Mr. Speaker, there are 71 liv-ing recipients. Tomorrow, there will be 72. Mr. Speaker, in the early morning hours of March 4, 2002, a helicopter at-tempted a landing on a mountain peak high in the Arma Mountain range of southeastern Afghanistan. The mission was reconnaissance. But, Mr. Speaker, war has no regard for the plans of men. War is violent. War is chaotic. War is unforgiving. And as the helicopter touched down, it was en-gulfed in a hail of lead and rocket-pro-pelled grenades. The helicopter escaped, but one man remained: Chief Petty Officer SEAL Neil Roberts. He was alone. He was iso-lated, and he was surrounded. In a letter to his family, Roberts would write, ‘‘All the times spent in the company of my teammates were when I felt closest to the men I had the privilege to work with. I loved being a SEAL. If I die doing something for the teams, then I died doing what made me happy. Very few people have the luxury of that.’’ Mr. Speaker, men and women join the military for many reasons, but they do not join with a desire to die. There will always be moments of un-certainty and fear and hesitation, mo-ments when fear turns the thoughts to your own safety, well-being, and sur-vival. Every service issues a uniform. None of them issue courage. In those mo-ments, where beliefs and resolve are tested, leadership illuminates the path. On March 4, 2002, Master Chief Spe-cial Warfare Operator SEAL Retired Britt Slabinski chose to lead. He led his men back into the fight, into over-whelming odds and superior enemy fire. There would be no element of sur-prise. There would be no tactical ad-vantage, and despite the odds and de-spite the risk, he chose to lead. They assaulted trenches and bunkers and hardened machine gun nests. They took the fight to the enemy until it reached the brink of their own destruc-tion. They did not run. They did not hide. They fought. Mr. Speaker, bravery is not moti-vated by fear, rage, hate, or the desire for awards or recognition. Bravery is motivated by love: love for an ideal, love for a country, and love for a team-mate. Bravery is not a certainty; it is a choice. Master Chief Slabinski and his men chose to be brave. His actions, his per-sonal courage, and his leadership are an example, not just to every sailor, soldier, marine, and airman, but to every American. His citation has earned its place among the other heroes who have re-ceived the Medal of Honor. Its owner-ship, its meaning, and its promise be-long not just on the walls of every military installation but on the walls of every home in America. Master Chief Slabinski’s actions serve as a beacon, as a reminder of who we can become, of what we can accom-plish when we, instead of running away, rise up and challenge our dark-est fears, our worst enemies, or over-whelming odds. Mr. Speaker, long live the brother-hood. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PENNSYLVANIA SCHOOLS THAT RANK IN THE TOP 100 IN THE STATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, we recently concluded Teacher Apprecia-tion Week, and I am proud to stand with the teachers throughout our com-munity in Bucks and Montgomery Counties. It is of utmost importance that we recognize their service and sac-rifice for all of our young people. Recently, this has culminated in our district having several schools that ranked in the top 100 in the State of Pennsylvania for both standardized test scores and graduation rates. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recog-nize the following schools now on the floor of the House: The New Hope- Solebury High School, Council Rock High School North, Central Bucks High School East, Abington Senior High School, Council Rock High School South, Central Bucks High School South, and the Quakertown Commu-nity High School. I am proud to represent a community that produces such high-achieving young adults, and I would like to thank our educators for the work they do in molding our future generation. 
RECOGNIZING MILITARY APPRECIATION MONTH  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, May is Military Appreciation Month, and I am proud to stand here today to recognize the brave men and women in uniform who have served our Nation valiantly. As a member of the House Homeland Security Committee, I am in awe of the sacrifices made and risks taken by our Armed Forces every single day to keep our country safe. And I speak for all of my constitu-ents in Bucks and Montgomery Coun-ties when we truly say that we value the troops’ service and sacrifice, and we owe them a tremendous debt of gratitude. Mr. Speaker, I am proud of the 75 graduating high school seniors who were honored this month at Spring Mill Manor in Northampton by Our Community Salutes to recognize their enlistment in our Armed Forces. These exemplary young men and women received a certificate from Montgomery County State Representa-tive Tom Murt, a veteran of the Iraq war, and received their first military coin. Mr. Speaker, as elected officials, we must continue to enact policies that ensure the well-being of all of our men and women in the military. There is no more important responsibility than serving those who have so bravely stepped up in times of crisis. Mr. Speaker, I will continue to stand up for our military this month and every month. And to all those who serve, we say: Thank you. NEW HOPE HOSTS A PRIDE PARADE  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, last weekend in Bucks County, Pennsyl-vania, was the 15th Annual New Hope Pride Parade. This parade served as the culmina-tion of a week-long celebration of LGBT culture and achievements, and I am proud to recognize this event and our LGBT community in Bucks County and throughout our district. Currently, the New Hope Pride Pa-rade stands as the only recognized event of its kind that crosses State lines between New Jersey and Pennsyl-vania. I would like to recognize board mem-ber Jennifer Wohl, under whose guid-ance the attendance at this event grew from 1,000 in 2003 to 15,000 last year. I would also like thank the president of New Hope Celebrates, Matthew Han-son, for his work in advancing equality in Pennsylvania and across our Nation. Mr. Speaker, as Members of Con-gress, it is critical that we advocate for measures that will support equality for all American citizens. I will continue to do so as a Member of this House, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to do the same with every sin-gle action we bring to this floor. We value them, Mr. Speaker. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 42 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.008 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4590 May 23, 2018 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. I
SSA) at noon. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: We give You thanks, O God, for giv-ing us another day. During this week, the National De-fense Authorization Act is being de-bated on the floor of the House. May all Members be imbued with Your wis-dom, that the results of their delibera-tions might redound to the benefit of our Nation. Bless all those whose lives are dedi-cated to the defense and service of the United States, most especially those who serve in uniform in the Armed Forces. May they be safe in the execu-tion of their duties, and their families blessed with Your comforting presence in their lives. Thank You, O God, for the privilege of being able to serve, and may all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Utah (Mr. S
TEWART ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. STEWART led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will entertain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
STANDING IN SUPPORT OF THE PEOPLE OF NICARAGUA (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, Saturday marked one month since the massive protests in Nicaragua began against Ortega’s dictatorial regime: 76 people have been killed, 868 have been injured, and 438 have been detained. Torture and degrading treatment have been reported, as well as media censor-ship and other forms of persecution, to prevent citizens from participating and exercising their God-given human rights. The message is clear: The Nicaraguan people want Ortega out of power. They are calling for free, fair, and trans-parent elections, with credible inter-national observers, and they want them now. The U.S. can, and should, use all of our tools to aid the people of Nicaragua in their fight to end the repression and reinstitute democratic order. I urge the administration to sanction those responsible for these abuses, and I will be submitting names of individ-uals who should be subject to imme-diate sanctions. Mr. Speaker, I continue to urge my colleagues in the Senate to pass my NICA Act now to help the people of Nicaragua. f 
RECOGNIZING EMS WEEK (Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor all the dedi-cated EMS workers, especially in Hous-ton County and Harris County, Texas, who served our community with dis-tinction during Hurricane Harvey last August. This week is EMS Recognition Week across our country. Nobody becomes an emergency med-ical responder, emergency medical technician, or paramedic to get rich. It is hard work, physically strenuous and stressful, and can involve life-or-death situations in certain circumstances. This was the case during Hurricane Harvey, a historic storm that dropped over 50 inches of rain over Houston and southeast Texas. While we honor the hard work and dedication of our EMS workers during EMS Week, we must make sure our emergency medical service workers are paid a fair, middle class wage and bene-fits, and are protected from worker fa-tigue so that they can deliver high- quality emergency care when it is most needed. I also wish to recognize the hundreds of EMS workers who traveled from all over the country to help the people of Houston and southeast Texas during our time of need. 
f 
MODERNIZATION OF F–22 FIGHTER WING (Mr. DUNN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my amendment to the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act, which will accelerate the moderniza-tion of the F–22 fighter wing at Tyndall Air Force Base. This is one of only three F–22 training wings in the Air Force. We have the most highly trained and dedicated military in the world. But if we are not giving them the resources to maintain their planes and training them in the most realistic environ-ments possible, we are doing them a disservice. Over the last year, we have begun to correct that problem and re-build our military and invest in our servicemembers. Modernizing the training wing of F– 22s at Tyndall Air Force Base is an-other step in that process and is essen-tial to the safety and security of the airmen we ask to achieve air superi-ority over battlefields all around the globe. We are giving certainty to our warfighters with this NDAA, and I urge all of my colleagues to support this im-portant legislation. f 
INVEST IN NATION BUILDING IN AMERICA (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, there are 54,000 structurally deficient bridges in America. Every second of every day, seven cars drive on a bridge that is structurally defi-cient. Earlier this month, New York State Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli issued a report finding that our broken sewer systems are dumping billions of gallons of sewage into our lakes and rivers. The American Society of Civil Engi-neers gives the Nation a D rating when it comes to infrastructure and esti-mates that it will cost $2 trillion just to bring our infrastructure to a state of good repair. Mr. Speaker, a $1.5 trillion infra-structure plan over 5 years would cre-ate 34.5 million jobs, and infrastructure pays for itself with $1.60 of new eco-nomic growth for every dollar invested: this, according to the Congressional Budget Office. That is 6.9 million jobs each of the next 5 years and 575,000 jobs each month for the next 60 months. Mr. Speaker, it is time that we get out of Iraq and Afghanistan and invest in nation building in America, with American workers and for the Amer-ican people. 
f 
THE NDAA: REBUILD AND REFORM (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, the National Defense Author-ization Act passed the House Armed Services Committee with an over-whelmingly bipartisan vote of 60 yes to 1 no. I am grateful for the leadership of Chairman M
AC THORNBERRY , with Speaker P
AULRYAN, promoted by De-fense Secretary James Mattis. The NDAA being considered today provides a critical increase in topline funding to support troops and readiness 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.011 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4591 May 23, 2018 
recovery, consistent with President Donald Trump’s commitment to re-build the military as he keeps his promises. This legislation makes major reforms to the Pentagon bureaucracy, while adding more military personnel to all services. The NDAA also includes the largest pay increase for the military in 9 years. As chairman of the House Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness, I am grateful that this legislation pro-motes rebuilding the military and sup-ports readiness recovery by rehabili-tating and replacing worn-out equip-ment, overcoming the crisis in mili-tary aviation, restoring America’s strength at sea, and rebuilding crum-bling military buildings and other in-frastructure. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill that supports the men and women in uniform, along with military families, to promote peace through strength. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
ENDANGERED SALMON PREDATION PREVENTION (Mr. SCHRADER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Speaker, the Pacific Northwest is facing an unprece-dented and growing problem of sea lions who are decimating our endan-gered salmon and steelhead runs in the Columbia and Willamette Rivers. Right now, in front of my district of-fice in Oregon City, there are 24 sea lions sitting at the base of Willamette Falls gorging themselves on the spring salmon run. This is 127 miles from the Pacific Ocean, their natural habitat. This salmon buffet of endangered fish costs Northwest ratepayers nearly $1 billion a year: a third of our electric bill. We need to pass H.R. 2083, the Endan-gered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act, now. I introduced this bill, along with my Northwest col-league, J
AIME HERRERA BEUTLER . It will provide Oregon and Wash-ington wildlife managers with the tools they need, that they requested, to quickly act to remove problem sea lions to protect these endangered fish. If we don’t act now, Oregon Depart-ment of Fish and Wildlife says that there is a 90 percent chance the Wil-lamette winter steelhead run will go extinct in the next few years. Mr. Speaker, it would be unconscion-able to let this happen. We know the problem, and it is identified. Let’s take action. 
f 
RECOGNIZING COLONEL JAMES BROWN (Mr. STEWART asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Colonel James Brown, a friend of mine, who has faith-fully served the Tooele Army Depot and the United States Army. It is my honor to recognize the years of service Colonel Brown has given to our Nation prior to the upcoming change of com-mand. Colonel Brown has been instru-mental in expanding Tooele Army De-pot’s mission of readiness, as well as ensuring a safe and secure worksite for its employees. I offer my sincere thanks to all those who served at the Tooele Army Depot, as well as those who have had the privilege to serve with Colonel Brown. I understand the sacrifices of our mili-tary men and women on behalf of our Nation. I am humbled by the work these men and women do every day to protect our freedom and our Nation’s freedom as well. And we have to re-member their families because their families—their spouses and children— also sacrifice. Defending honor, duty, and country is the greatest service one can achieve in the United States military. Colonel Brown’s courage and dedication is en-during, and his work will continue to support generations to come. f 
HONORING LISA LA RUSSO (Mr. TAKANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor our Nation’s emergency medical service workers. When crisis strikes, we turn to EMS workers. They are first on the scene to provide vital medical care when we need it most. Their lifesaving work re-quires skill, is often dangerous, and takes a great deal of courage. We rely on people like Lisa La Russo, a paramedic with American Medical Response in Riverside County and proud member of AFSCME Local 4911. Lisa has been saving lives for nearly three decades and, like many in her field, goes above and beyond in service to her community. Her work respond-ing to emergencies compelled her to start Splash Medics, a nonprofit dedi-cated to the prevention of drowning in-juries and deaths through education about water safety. I salute Lisa La Russo, her fellow union members, and all of the EMS workers across the Nation. They are the reason Americans rest assured that help is just a phone call away. 
f 
ALL AMERICAN WEEK (Mr. HUDSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of All American Week, the annual celebration of the 82nd Air-borne Division’s mission and the para-troopers who serve to uphold it. Based in my district at Fort Bragg— the epicenter of the universe—the 82nd Airborne Division is our Nation’s Glob-al Response Force. These rapid reac-tion forces can mobilize, load, and de-ploy at a moment’s notice. It is truly incredible. There is ready, and then there is Air-borne ready. As the old saying goes: When the President dials 911, the phone rings at Fort Bragg. Since its inception, the 82nd Airborne has, time and again, answered the call of duty when our Nation needs it most. As we celebrate the 100th anniversary of Fort Bragg, I am so proud of the 82nd Airborne’s legacy, of our para-troopers, and especially their families. As the Airborne spirit takes flight this week, I ask my fellow Americans to join me in praying for our service-members who are currently deployed and for their families. These heroes put country before self, and we are so grateful. God bless you. Airborne, all the way. f 
NATIONAL FOSTER CARE MONTH (Mr. M
CNERNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, May is National Foster Care Month, a time to renew our commitment to the thou-sands of children in our Nation’s foster care system. That is why I am proud to be a member of the Congressional Youth Foster Caucus, which is dedi-cated to strengthening our Nation’s child welfare system. Today, we are celebrating the Con-gressional Foster Youth Shadow Day, a special day when more than 100 foster youth from across the country come to D.C. to spend a day with Members of Congress as we conduct our Nation’s business. I have the privilege today of hosting Esmeralda Masco, who is from my dis-trict in Stockton, California. Esmeralda is currently a student at Grand Canyon University, where she is studying public policy and aspires one day to become a civil rights lawyer. She is passionate about helping current and former foster youth and wants, one day, to open a resource center to help others in the foster care system to graduate and achieve their full poten-tial. It gives me great pleasure to wel-come Esmeralda and all of the partici-pants in the Congressional Youth Shadow Day to our Nation’s Capital. 
f 
b1215 ONLINE PLATFORMS THREATEN FREE SPEECH (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.013 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4592 May 23, 2018 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, one of the greatest threats to free speech is the ongoing politicization of online platforms. Some, which have millions of users, have allowed liberal interest groups to determine what content is available to the public. A recent example is the Southern Poverty Law Center being al-lowed to censor content that they deem hate speech. The SPLC has a ‘‘hate map’’ that lists over 900 organizations. These in-clude pro-life, religious freedom, and border security groups, all popular with the American people and all un-fairly targeted by the SPLC. Why do online platforms empower the SPLC to suppress conservative views? There is only one answer: They want to promote their liberal agenda even if it means stifling free speech. This is a clear and present danger to democracy, and it represents another effort to control what the American people hear and see. 
f 
NATIONAL FOSTER CARE MONTH (Ms. BASS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, May marks National Foster Care Month, a time for our country to come together to ac-knowledge the half million people in our child welfare system. No one knows the child welfare sys-tem like the foster youth who have grown up in the system, and no one can raise their voices like foster youth voices. Today, the Congressional Caucus on Foster Youth and the National Foster Youth Institute have brought together more than 100 young people from every corner of the country here, to Wash-ington, D.C., to shadow their Members of Congress. The young people here today have traveled thousands of miles to share their stories, their challenges with abuse, trafficking, overmedication, or homelessness, but in addition, to share their successes with education accom-plishments, mentorship, adoption, fam-ily unification, and community activ-ism. With me here today, from Los Ange-les, is Megan Simon. She is 24 years old, and she was placed in foster care when she was only 1 year old. She was raised by her grandparents, and she has two other siblings who were involved in the system. She is actively involved in the National Foster Youth Institute Leadership Corps, where she attends meetings every Thursday night. She is an advocate and someone who wants to use her pain and her experience to make changes in the child welfare sys-tem. She is a student at Los Angeles Trade Tech College, and she says that she is a leader, she is a survivor, and she is a winner, not because she wins every battle, but because she never stops fighting. Mr. Speaker, too often the govern-ment—us—forgets our children. I hope that today’s Shadow Day continues our fight to reverse that course. f 
HONORING THE FAYETTE HIGH SCHOOL MARCHING BAND (Mrs. HARTZLER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, today I would like to honor the Fayette High School marching band from my district for being selected to march in Wash-ington’s upcoming Memorial Day Pa-rade. The Marching Falcons found out in the fall that they had been selected to march in the parade, and their small community quickly rallied around them to raise the money they needed to go. Tomorrow they will board a bus, bright and early, to make the 14-hour drive here. The band’s director, Alex Kirby, told me the group has put in many hours of practice. School has already let out for summer vacation, but the dedicated band members still show up for prac-tice 5 days a week, even the seniors who have already graduated. I am so proud of this marching band and the dedication the students have shown in perfecting their music. I know that they will do a great job. Congratulations. 
f 
DEMOCRACY REFORM (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, too many Americans feel that Washington is out of touch with their priorities. They feel that too few people have too much influence. Americans want the culture of corruption cultivated by rich lobbyists and massive corporations to end. Look no further than Big Pharma, the pharmaceutical companies. Since 1998, they have spent $4 billion in lob-bying and campaign contributions. They employ 1,400 lobbyists, three lob-byists for every Member. No wonder the system seems rigged against com-monsense solutions to lower drug prices. Americans are getting a raw deal when big money controls politics. Democrats offer A Better Deal for our democracy: a bold, comprehensive pro-gram to bolster our Nation’s ethics laws, overhaul our campaign finance system, and create more transparency and accessibility. Americans deserve a government that works for them. They deserve A Better Deal. I want to acknowledge Mimi Quin, with me today as part of Foster Youth Shadow Day. 
f 
FOSTER YOUTH SHADOW DAY (Mr. HILL asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge the hardships that many foster youth have had to endure and highlight the persistence and de-termination that they embody as they develop and transition to adulthood. In Arkansas, we have over 5,000 chil-dren currently in the State’s foster care system. As a member of the Fos-ter Care Caucus here in the House, I am proud to cosponsor our resolution and have had the pleasure for the last 3 years to sponsor a former foster youth for Shadow Day here on the Hill. This year I am honored to host Ste-fan Specht, a former foster youth from my district. Stefan is currently en-rolled with Job Corps to obtain a cer-tification in office administration and plans on working towards a degree in business. Stefan is also a part of Immerse Ar-kansas, a vital program dedicated to helping foster youth with the difficult transition to adulthood. This program was a critical part of the changing point in Stefan’s life and giving him a place to belong. Many foster youth are not provided with programs like Immerse or a com-munity to help support them in finding a career and home after they exit the foster care system. I am proud to be in this caucus and so proud to support our Shadow Day here on Capitol Hill. f 
LET’S PUT STUDENTS OVER SPECIAL INTERESTS (Mr. POLIS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, last year, the Republicans passed a corporate tax giveaway that adds $1.9 trillion to the deficit. I was proud to join all of my fellow Democrats in voting against that. Today I am here to talk about a new bill I introduced, the Students Over Special Interests Act. It shows what we could have done with some of that $1.9 trillion. I hear from constituents every day overwhelmed by student debt. For in-stance, Sam in Morrison, Colorado, a law enforcement officer, has been mak-ing student loan payments for years. Even at the age of 51, he has tens of thousands of dollars left. What my Students Over Special In-terests Act does is it forgives all stu-dent debt. That costs less than the Re-publican tax giveaway. In addition, it increases Pell funding and reduces the deficit. Studies have shown that repealing student loan debt stimulates the econ-omy, supports job growth, and takes something that is weighing down too many families. After forgiving student debt and making college more affordable, my bill still costs less than the Republican tax giveaway that they passed into 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.016 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4593 May 23, 2018 
law. I encourage the House to take up the Students Over Special Interests bill. 
f 
JOYCE CLINE, PENN BRAD OIL MUSEUM YELLOW DOG WINNER (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor this year’s Penn Brad Oil Museum’s annual Yellow Dog Winner, Joyce Cline. Joyce has provided exceptional serv-ice to the cause of preserving the oil and gas heritage of the Bradford, Penn-sylvania, region. She has been a dedi-cated member of the community who has given her time and leadership to many organizations. Joyce graduated from Lawrence Park High School in 1959 and was a teacher with the Bradford Area School District for 19 years. In 1974, she married Bill Cline. He owned a small oil-producing company, and Joyce began her journey in the oil industry. In 1982, she joined the Der-rick Club of Bradford, where she served in various roles, including president in 1983 and 1984. Joyce and Bill became members of the Pennsylvania Independent Petro-leum Producers Association in 1986, 1 year after the organization was formed. This turned into a lifelong commit-ment for the Clines. In 2012, Joyce and Bill were honored with the Gary Hovis Memorial Award for their service. Mr. Speaker, throughout her life, Joyce has shown her dedication to the industry. I wholeheartedly congratu-late her on this outstanding achieve-ment. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE 2018 GRAD-UATES FROM THE UNIVERSITY OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS (Ms. PLASKETT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the recent graduates of the University of the Virgin Islands. Unfortunately, I could not attend the graduations last week due to the bad weather up here and the debate on the farm bill. Despite two hurricanes, no power, damaged classrooms, personal trage-dies galore, revised class schedules, et cetera, UVI graduates lived up to their names. On St. Thomas, they were known as the Ambitious, Resilient and Hardworking Class of 2018; and on St. Croix, they were known as the En-riched, Elite and Educated Class of 2018. During the ceremony, honorary de-grees were also awarded to former local elected officials and radio personal-ities, Holland Redfield II and Addie Ottley. The class of 2018 is made up of a di-verse group of students. Whatever their individual plans, as a class, these UVI graduates have proven that they can take on anything life and nature have to offer. I commend the 2018 UVI grad-uates for their hard work. Additionally, I would like to com-mend Briana Winslow and Jermaine Ferguson, who are shadowing me today as young adults in the national foster youth care program. Their lives, their stories are an inspiration to us all, and I commend them for what they are going to be doing in the future. f 
U.S. WITHDRAWAL FROM THE IRAN NUCLEAR DEAL WAS THE RIGHT CHOICE (Mr. L
AHOOD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, earlier this month, President Trump and his foreign policy team made the right choice to withdraw from the nuclear agreement with the dishonest Iranian regime. This Iran deal was flawed from its inception, freeing up billions of U.S. dollars and relaxing sanctions in ex-change for weak restrictions and little enforcement. Iran has taken advantage of this deal. In 2016, German intelligence found that Iran was secretly pursuing nuclear technology and equipment from German companies, violating the agreement less than a year after it was finalized. That same year, Reuters reported that secret exemptions had been cre-ated for Iran after the talks were over, allowing them to evade some restric-tions and get relief from our sanctions even faster. Months after, another loophole in the agreement was exploited when Iran planned to buy 950 tons of uranium to make nuclear fuel since the agreement never placed a limit on how much ura-nium they could have. All of this more than demonstrates the ineffectiveness of this deal and the potentially catastrophic effects of trusting Iran, which has a long and de-tailed history of blatantly being dis-honest. This is a bad deal for this country. 
f 
THE GOVERNMENT SHOULD GET A WARRANT TO ACCESS PRIVATE EMAIL ACCOUNTS (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my amendment to the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act, which would add the full text of my bill, H.R. 387, the Email Privacy Act. I want to remind my colleagues that this bill has been passed twice by the House, once on April 27, 2016, by a roll call of 419–0, and again by voice vote, unanimously, in the House on Feb-ruary 6, 2017. My legislation has a simple concept behind it: if the government wants ac-cess to content stored in our private email accounts, they should get a war-rant. Currently, agencies can receive the stored email content of a user’s cloud email account by sending an adminis-trative subpoena directly to the service provider. This creates a double stand-ard, where paper communication has greater Fourth Amendment protec-tions than electronic copies. This standard is outdated, as the law governing this issue has not been up-dated since 1986. Now our whole lives are in the cloud and stored online. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman and ranking member for ac-cepting my amendment and Chairman GOODLATTE of the Judiciary Com-mittee, and I urge all those in this process, House and Senate, to maintain the House-passed language in the final version of the NDAA that we send to the President’s desk. 
f 
b1230 PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5515, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FIS-CAL YEAR 2019, AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM MAY 25, 2018, THROUGH JUNE 4, 2018 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, by direc-tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 908 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 908 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military construc-tion, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. S
EC. 2. (a) No further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution and amendments en bloc described in section 3 of this resolution. (b) Each further amendment printed in the report of the Committee on Rules shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. (c) All points of order against the further amendments print-ed in the report of the Committee on Rules or amendments en bloc described in section 3 of this resolution are waived. S
EC. 3. It shall be in order at any time for the chair of the Committee on Armed Serv-ices or his designee to offer amendments en bloc consisting of amendments printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution not earlier disposed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.017 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4594 May 23, 2018 
of. Amendments en bloc offered pursuant to this section shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Armed Services or their designees, shall not be sub-ject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. S
EC. 4. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment pursuant to this resolution the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such further amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as or-dered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion ex-cept one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. S
EC. 5. On any legislative day during the period from May 25, 2018, through June 4, 2018 -- (a) the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as ap-proved; and (b) the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, article I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the ad-journment. S
EC. 6. The Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the du-ration of the period addressed by section 5 of this resolution as though under clause 8(a) of rule I. S
EC. 7. Each day during the period ad-dressed by section 5 of this resolution shall not constitute a calendar day of continuous session for purposes of section 1017(b) of the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 688(b)). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Alabama is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, House Res-olution 908 provides for complete con-sideration of H.R. 5515, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. The rule makes in order 168 amend-ments to go along with the previous 103 amendments made in order by yester-day’s rule. That means the full House will con-sider 271 amendments to this year’s NDAA. When you add in the 317 amend-ments considered in the Armed Serv-ices Committee, that means a total of 588 amendments to the NDAA will be considered this year. Mr. Speaker, for this year’s NDAA, a record number of amendments were submitted to the Rules Committee. I want to thank both the majority and the minority Rules Committee staff, our Rules associates, and the staff of the Armed Services Committee for the many hours they put into this open and deliberative process. As a member of both the Rules Com-mittee and the Armed Services Com-mittee, I have spent my fair share of time working on this piece of legisla-tion. Like years past, I want to again highlight the bipartisan nature of our work. This year’s NDAA passed out of the Armed Services Committee on a bi-partisan 60–1 vote. That bipartisanship will continue here on the floor, where 176 of the amendments made in order are minor-ity or bipartisan amendments. The theme of this year’s NDAA is to reform and rebuild our Nation’s mili-tary. The bill supports an increase in top-line funding for the military, as we continue working to reverse the readi-ness crisis we faced for at least the last decade. Any organization, including the mili-tary, is only as good as its people, and this NDAA authorizes a 2.6 percent pay raise for our troops, the largest in-crease in 9 years. This will help us re-tain and recruit the best and the brightest. The bill also calls for increases in the size of the Army, the Navy, the Air Force, the Marine Corps, the Naval and Air Reserves, as well as the Air Guard. As vice chairman of the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee, I am pleased the bill authorizes con-struction of 13 new Navy ships. This is a much-needed step, as we continue building towards a 355-ship Navy. I am especially proud that this year’s NDAA includes many provisions impor-tant to my home State of Alabama. From Redstone Arsenal in Huntsville to the Anniston Army Depot to Fort Rucker in the Wiregrass to Maxwell- Gunter in Montgomery to the Austal Shipyard in Mobile, this bill ensures that Alabama will continue playing a leading role in supplying, training, and supporting our Nation’s military. Sadly, we have lost far too many servicemembers to training accidents over the last year. The bill ensures im-provements to military training and safety programs to help protect our servicemen and -women. These efforts include repairing out-dated equipment and ensuring the pro-curement of new first-class capabili-ties. This includes additional Stryker A1 combat vehicles, Army armored bri-gade combat team vehicles, F/A–18E/F Super Hornets, C–130 Super Hercules aircraft, E–2D Advanced Hawkeye air-craft, F–35 Joint Strike Fighters, UH– 60M Black Hawk helicopters, and ad-vanced missiles. The bill continues to build on Chair-man T
HORNBERRY ’s priority of reform-ing the Pentagon bureaucracy to make it more efficient and effective. This in-cludes streamlining buying practices. From Russia to Iran to China to North Korea, the bill makes invest-ments to ensure we are keeping up with our adversaries. The United States must stand ready to confront aggression around the globe, whether it is from major state actors or rogue ter-rorist organizations. Importantly, this year’s NDAA in-cludes much-needed investment in our nuclear deterrent and authorizations for the Missile Defense Agency. It authorizes funding for codevelop-ment and coproduction of missile de-fense and weapons systems with our key ally, Israel. All told, I am confident that this bill includes the reforms and funding levels necessary to rebuild and empower the greatest fighting force in the world. With this NDAA, we can hopefully continue to embody the strategy of peace through strength and support our servicemembers. Mr. Speaker, if you ever need a pick- me-up or a shot in the arm, I encourage you to spend some time visiting with our servicemen and -women. These in-dividuals come from all different walks of life and backgrounds. They all play different roles and have different jobs, but they are united by the common goal of defending and protecting the United States of America. I distinctly remember a conversation I had with a group of sailors from my home State of Alabama aboard the USS John C. Stennis a few years ago. After hearing about their various paths that led them to the Navy, I asked what I could do for them. One re-sponse was straightforward, but very poignant. She asked me to make sure the American people knew what they did and that we supported them. That is exactly what we do with this bill. We bring together Members of Congress from both sides of the aisle, from different parts of the country, and we unite behind the common goal of supporting the men and women in uni-form who protect the United States of America. With this bill, we can send a clear message to our sailors, soldiers, airmen and marines that the United States Congress has their back, that we are committed to the mission, and we will ensure that they have the right poli-cies and the right resources to get the job done. This bill also sends a message to our friends and our adversaries that Amer-ica is back, and that while we prefer peace, we will not hesitate to do what is necessary to defend our country and protect our interests. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting House Resolution 908, and for the 58th year in a row, let’s pass a bipartisan NDAA. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. McGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ) for yielding me the cus-tomary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, the National Defense Authorization Act is one of the most 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Aug 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8472 E:\RECORD18\MAY\H23MY8.REC H23MY8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4595 May 23, 2018 
important items Congress considers. It is among the few authorizing bills we take up, and the only authorizing bill considered by the House every year. It is legislation designed to meet some of our most important obliga-tions: increasing our military’s readi-ness, supporting our troops, and safe-guarding our national security. But as critical as this measure is, the base bill is rarely perfect. That is why hundreds of amendments are submitted to the Rules Committee every year by Members on both sides of the aisle. Our meetings on this bill are usually the longest the committee holds all year because so many Members bring for-ward so many ideas. That is how the committee is sup-posed to function. And debating those ideas on this floor, even amendments we disagree with, is how the House of Representatives is supposed to work. That kind of process should not be the exception. It should be the norm. I know this may seem like a radical idea to the majority, but the world’s greatest deliberative body should regu-larly debate. Instead, this majority has developed a pattern: Every now and then they make a bunch of amendments in order on larger bills like this. But most of the time, they don’t allow any amend-ments on most bills. Roughly 55 percent of all the rules that the majority has implemented this Congress have been closed. So Members cannot do their job offering amendments here on the House floor to address the biggest issues we face. Under a closed rule, I will remind my colleagues, you can’t even fix a typo in a bill. Now, I know my Republican friends want to be congratulated for not con-sidering this bill under yet another closed rule. After all, they broke their own record for closed rules this week, a sad milestone that makes this Con-gress the most closed Congress in his-tory. This is the most closed Congress ever in the history of the United States of America. In fact, Speaker R
YAN is the only Speaker in the history of our country to never have a truly open rule. But I think the American people hold the majority of this House to a higher standard. Just consider what Repub-licans have blocked from even getting a debate under this rule. The majority on the Rules Com-mittee decided to block the bipartisan McGovern-Jones-Lee-Garamendi-Kil-dee-Welch amendment. Now, this is a straightforward measure. It says that if the President and the Pentagon want to escalate the number of U.S. troops deployed in Afghanistan in the next fis-cal year, they need to send a report to Congress. We would then have 30 days to either disapprove of this escalation or allow it to move forward. It is simple, because all it asks is for this Congress to do its job, to stop ab-dicating its responsibility. It has been 17 years since Congress last passed an AUMF. We have been told year after year, Congress after Congress, that this is not the time to debate our role abroad. Well, Mr. Speaker, when is the time? We submitted this amendment to the Rules Committee last year during the FY 2018 defense authorization. But rather than making it in order, the ma-jority moved forward with an alter-native amendment that called for a re-port from the administration on our Afghanistan policy. The President signed that NDAA into law with that amendment. And guess what? Congress never got the report. It is more than 70 days past due. Clearly, asking for a study isn’t working. In fact, the President is ig-noring it altogether. And over the last year, the administration decided to in-crease the number of U.S. troops in Af-ghanistan by more than 4,000 addi-tional servicemembers. That is on top of the more than 8,400 troops that are already there. The response from this majority has either been silence or to ask for a study. Mr. Speaker, I don’t need some study to tell me that this Congress needs to do its job. Issues of war and peace are among the toughest we consider, but we must take them up all the same. It is why we were sent here and it is what our men and women in uniform expect. Why is the majority afraid of a fair fight? Let’s debate whether President Trump should increase our engagement in Afghanistan even further. b1245 I am tired of being told that this is not the time for that vote because I be-lieve it is past time. I have stood here year after year, Congress after Con-gress, as Speaker after Speaker told us to hurry up and wait. I remember when Speaker Boehner said it wasn’t right for the 113th Con-gress to be voting on an AUMF. We are now in the 115th Congress and another Speaker has told us the same thing. But again this year, a vote on an AUMF has been blocked. The majority also blocked debating amendments under this rule on other important issues, like striking the pro-vision in this bill allowing for the transfer of machine guns between con-tractors and a separate measure to strike the provision here giving the President leeway to avoid imple-menting Russian sanctions. That is disappointing, and it is a dis-service to this institution and to the people we represent. For all of the talk from the majority about how many amendments are included here, let’s not forget what is being blocked. This bill is incredibly important. It authorizes money for more than half of the Nation’s discretionary budget. That is about 54 cents of every tax dol-lar that pays for government programs other than entitlements. We should be having a robust debate on these issues here and now. Yes, we appreciate quantity; that is important. We want a lot of amend-ments made in order, but we would like quantity and quality. So substantive amendments like the issues that I just mentioned ought to be made in order. When it comes to our national de-fense, when it comes to debating the issues that are important to the Amer-ican people, I want to let my col-leagues know we Democrats aren’t cheap dates. We want to have our ideas presented and debated. And the Amer-ican people aren’t cheap dates either. They can’t understand for the life of themselves why on issues of war and peace, on issues like our involvement in Afghanistan, which is now the long-est war in history, why we don’t think it is important enough to debate that issue. We have men and women de-ployed in harm’s way, but we can’t be bothered on the House floor. We have roadblocks thrown in front of us so we can’t bring these amend-ments to the floor. We have a thousand excuses about why we can’t deal with some of these issues, why this is not the time. Enough. I mean, this is what we are here for. If you don’t want to talk about these issues, if you don’t want to debate these issues, leave, go into another business, but don’t take up space here in Congress spending all of your time trying to block these amendments from being brought to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I know a more open process is a foreign concept to the ma-jority, but they should try it once in a while. This is the most closed Congress ever. Let’s let the sunlight in. Let’s have a process that is more accommo-dating. And on this defense bill, yes, there are a lot of amendments that have been made in order, but there were a lot of important, vital amendments that have been blocked, and I find that very disappointing. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Let’s compare the records of the Re-publicans and the Democrats and who has the most open Congress. As of May 23 of this year, Repub-licans in this Congress have provided for consideration of over 1,130 amend-ments on the House floor. Over 520 of those, or 46 percent, were Democratic amendments; 430, or 38 percent, were Republican; and 170, or 16 percent, were bipartisan. In the 114th Congress, the GOP majority allowed over 1,700 amendments. In the 113th Congress, the GOP majority allowed over 1,500 amendments. In the entire 111th Congress, when the Democrats were in control, Speak-er P
ELOSI , the Democrats, allowed less than 1,000 amendments to be consid-ered on the floor. Who is more open? Democrats have highlighted the number of amendments not made in order in this Congress. However, in the 111th Congress when 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.021 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4596 May 23, 2018 
they controlled, their majority blocked nearly 3,000 amendments, with roughly 2,400 of those occurring in the very first sessions. Unlike our Democratic colleagues who shut the doors and refused to ac-cept the late amendments from Mem-bers, Chairman S
ESSIONS of the Rules Committee has made it a point to en-sure that every single Member has the opportunity to submit their amend-ments and come to the committee to share their thoughts and concerns, of-tentimes late at night. Under this model of transparency and openness, the committee has spent countless hours listening and consid-ering Member testimony. In fact, we have welcomed over 225 Members to testify at this Congress roughly 493 times and made in order over 1,130 amendments, including 521 from the Democrats, as I said. So I am glad to compare our record of openness with theirs. Let’s talk about the escalation in Af-ghanistan. There is a clear AUMF that authorizes what we are doing in Af-ghanistan. Under that AUMF, the mili-tary doesn’t have to come back to the Congress to say: Pretty please, can we put more soldiers into that country? I trust General Mattis. He knows what he is doing. He has a clear, legal authorization to do it, and I don’t think it makes any sense for him to have to come back to us. On the issue of the AUMF, which I know we will have more debate on dur-ing this rule debate, let me say one thing and say it clearly: I have cospon-sored at least two AUMF bills, and those are in the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee, not in the Armed Services Committee. We don’t have jurisdiction over that. I wish we did. In fact, I have cosponsored a bill with a Democratic colleague to put jurisdiction in the Armed Services Committee so we can get something done. So I would dearly love for the Foreign Affairs Committee to come forward with a bill, and I am happy to work with the gentleman to see that that takes place. At this time, Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ), the newest mem-ber of the Armed Services Committee. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I am pleased to have the opportunity to join the House Armed Services Com-mittee in time to participate in the re-view and markup of the fiscal year 2019 national defense authorization bill. I am pleased to participate in the invest-ments this bill makes in our national defense. I would agree with my colleagues on the other side of the aisle: They are not a cheap date. In fact, some of the amendments that my colleague men-tioned were debated in committee and were defeated in committee. Appar-ently, we want to go through them multiple times; and unless they get ev-erything they want, somehow they are going to protest. At some point in time, the process is what it is. The amendment is lost. I am pleased to participate in invest-ments in defense, and in particular, the Stryker combat vehicle, a program that has a tremendous impact on com-bat readiness and capability of our Army. The Stryker brigade combat teams are some of the most frequently de-ployed units in the Army, and it expo-nentially increases the protection and lethality of our Nation’s soldiers. The most modern version of the vehi-cle, the Stryker A1, includes a double- v hull that has already proven to pro-tect soldiers from the most violent IED and mine blasts, as well as other up-grades to improve their mobility and communication capabilities. I am pleased with the House Armed Services Committee for seeing the wis-dom of authorizing a total $360 million for the Stryker upgrades this fiscal year. That effort supports Army Chief of Staff General Milley’s plan to pro-vide Stryker A1s to all brigade combat teams by 2025. I look forward to working with the chairman and over 250 Members of my House colleagues—across the aisle, by the way—who join me in a letter sup-porting the Stryker program and its continued efforts of development. Our soldiers who so often are de-ployed in harm’s way deserve every protection they can get, and we should provide that for them. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a letter to the Secretary of the Army, Mark Esper. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , Washington, DC, April 12, 2018. D
EAR SECRETARY ESPER : Thank you for your service to our nation and your robust efforts to increase the readiness and mod-ernization budget of the U.S. Army. While you may have just begun, you are making re-markable progress on behalf of the American soldier and our national security. However, we would like to bring to your attention the continued budgetary chal-lenges of the Stryker combat vehicle pro-gram. The Stryker vehicle is the Army’s most deployed and versatile combat vehicle and represents what may be the most suc-cessful Army acquisition program in recent memory from initial acquisition to the most recent upgrades. Yet there appears to be a disconnect between these facts and the Army’s FY19 budget request which once again neglects much needed Stryker pro-curement and modernization. In recent years, Congress has stepped in and ensured that the Army’s lack of budg-etary commitment to Stryker did not pre-vent our soldiers in the field from receiving the safety and lethality upgrades necessary against the threats of today’s global environ-ment. Congress has strongly supported both the conversion of flat bottomed Strykers to the more survivable Double-V Hull (DVH) Stryker A1 version and the Stryker lethality (ICV) upgrade which adds a powerful 30mm cannon to the Stryker infantry variant. While we are pleased that the Army’s FY 19 modernization budget was increased by more than 14% from FY 18, we are perplexed why the Stryker program did not seem to benefit from this growth in investment fund-ing, especially since it is our understanding that the Army has an operational require-ment for additional brigades of improved Stryker (DVH) A1s. How can the Stryker fleet represent 30% of Army combat vehicles yet receive just 6% of the Army’s combat ve-hicle budget in FY 19? Congress has continually demonstrated our long-standing support for Stryker produc-tion and we request that you do the same by working with us in the FY19 defense budget process to develop a plan to sustain the Stryker program. Sincerely, Mike Rogers, David P. Joyce, Marcy Kap-tur, Sander M. Levin, Richard Hudson, Paul Mitchell, Debbie Dingell, Lou Barletta, Tom Graves, Vern Buchanan, Andre Carson, Collin C. Peterson, Pete Sessions, Harry C. ‘‘Hank’’ Johnson, Jr., Peter Roskam, Patrick Meehan, Walter Jones, Stephen Palazzo, Bill Shuster, Tom Marino, Joyce Beatty, Alan Lowenthal, Bradley Byrne, Mimi Walters, Robert Pittenger, Robert B. Aderholt, Eric Swalwell, Will Hurd, James B. Renacci, Gary Palmer. Michael T. McCaul, Jim Jordan, Charles W. Dent, David E. Price, Brian Mast, Henry Cuellar, Vicki Hartzler, Adam Kinzinger, Scott DesJarlais, Don Young, Emanuel Cleaver, II, Rob Wittman, Gerald E. Con-nolly, Patrick McHenry, Bruce Westerman, Glenn ‘‘GT’’ Thompson, Ted Budd, Josh Gottheimer, Barbara Comstock, Ted W. Lieu, Elise M. Stefanik, A. Donald McEachin, Peter T. King, Martha Roby. Robert A. Brady, Paul Gosar, Mike Simp-son, John Carter, Terri Sewell, Bill Huizenga, David B. McKinley, PE, Betty McCollum, Peter Welch, Sean P. Duffy, Marcia Fudge, Leonard Lance, Thomas J. Rooney, Ann McLane Kuster, Tom O’Halloran, Francis Rooney, John R. Moolenaar, Alma S. Adams, John H. Ruther-ford, Michael Doyle, Jody Hice, Ryan A. Cos-tello, Charlie Crist, Denny Heck. Mark E. Amodei, Ann Wagner, Rick W. Allen, Ralph Abraham, MD, Ted S. Yoho, DVM, Tom MacArthur, (duplicate signature), Mike Gallagher, Steve Stivers, Sean Patrick Maloney, Kevin Brady, George Holding, Scott Peters, Sam Graves, Keith J. Rothfus, Paul Cook, Nanette Diaz Barraga ´n, Darin LaHood, Doug Collins, Don Bacon, Carol Shea-Porter, Bonnie Watson Coleman, Juan Vargas, Norma J. Torres, Kyrsten Sinema, David G. Valadao, Rodney Davis, Dwight Evans, Jim Langevin, Ken Calvert, Chellie Pingree. Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’ Carter, Michael D. Bishop, Colleen Hanabusa, Tom Garrett, Brian Fitzpatrick, Martha McSally, Warren Davidson, Devin Nunes, Steve Knight, Mat-thew Cartwright, Cheri Bustos, Chris Collins, Tim Ryan, Scott Perry, Karen C. Handel, French Hill, Carlos Curbelo, Joe Wilson, An-thony G. Brown, Derek Kilmer, Grace F. Napolitano, John Faso, Andy Biggs, Trent Kelly, Mark Walker, Marc Veasey, Jim Himes, James P. McGovern, G.K. Butterfield, Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, Virginia Foxx. David Rouzer, Cedric L. Richmond, Jackie Walorski, Jim Banks, Lloyd Smucker, Matt Gaetz, Larry Bucshon, MD, Julia Brownley, Mark Meadows, A. Drew Ferguson, IV, DMD, Jamie Herrera Beutler, Donald Beyer, Brendan F. Boyle, Brenda L. Lawrence, Ruben Gallego, Grace Meng, Seth Moulton, Mike Bost, Kathleen M. Rice, Dave Loebsack, Evan H. Jenkins, John M. Katko, Bill Johnson, Dave Trott, Donald Norcross, Michael Capuano, Pete Aguilar, Barry Loudermilk, John Culbertson, Fred Upton, H. Morgan Griffith. Mario Diaz-Balart, Jack Bergman, Pramila Jayapal, Richard E. Neal, David Scott, Chris Stewart, John K. Delaney, Darren Soto, Al Lawson, Bruce Poliquin, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, Gregory W. Meeks, Alcee L. Has-tings, Steve Chabot, Kenny Marchant, San-ford Bishop, Austin Scott, Frank LoBiondo, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.022 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4597 May 23, 2018 
Duncan Hunter, John Garamendi, Suzan K. DelBene, Bob Gibbs, Bill Long, Tom Cole, Chuck Fleischmann, Rick Crawford, Pete Olson, Susan W. Brooks. Dennis Ross, Scott Taylor, Mike Johnson, Salud Carbajal, Dan Kildee, Rob Woodall, Mark Pocon, Tulsi Gabbard, Roger Williams, Stephanie Murphy, Dave Reichert, Jeff Dun-can, Christopher H. Smith, Bill Pascrell, Jr., Sam Johnson, Steve Womack, C.A. Dutch Ruppersberger, Kurt Schrader, Tim Walberg, Todd Rokita, Robert E. Latta, Mike Coff-man, Mike Quigley, Mo Brooks, Kevin Yoder, Tom Rice, Rick Larsen. Neal Dunn, MD, Tom Emmer, Stacey Plaskett, Tom Suozzi, Erik Paulsen, Mike Kelly, Andy Barr, Zoe Lofgren, Dan Newhouse, Bobby Scott, Jeff Fortenberry, Daniel Lipinski, Adam B. Schiff, Bob Good-latte, Ed Royce, Hal Rogers, Brad Wenstrup, K. Michael Conaway, Tom Reed, Bill Flores, Ted Deutch, Ron Estes, Paul Tonko, Doug Lamborn, Randy Hultgren, Albio Sires, David Schweikert. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to say to my col-league from Alabama, I appreciate the fact that he wants to defend what I think is indefensible, this process that the Republicans have implemented to run this House. I would be embarrassed to, but I know he has a job to do, and that is what he is doing. He talks about all of these amend-ments that were made in order. What he doesn’t tell you about is the over 2,000 amendments that they have blocked this session already, including a lot of Republican amendments that have been blocked, as well. It is always puzzling to me that the Republicans just kind of go along to get along, and they get shut out of the amendment process and they still vote for a rule. Maybe the day that they stop voting for these rules is a day that maybe we will see some changes. I also want to point out, and I don’t think he really appreciates this point and this is why this has become the most closed Congress in the history of the United States of America, that the majority of bills that have been brought to the floor are unamendable. They are totally closed. I can’t even offer an amendment to put a punctua-tion mark in a bill. I can’t change a comma. I can’t change the spelling of a word. The majority of bills have been to-tally closed, shut out to everybody. If that is the process that this majority wants to embrace, fine. I think that is the kind of process that we want to move away from because that is the kind of process that we see in authori-tarian regimes, not in deliberative bod-ies like the United States Congress, not in the United States of America. The gentleman talks about that he trusts the administration on Afghani-stan. Well, I don’t trust this President on anything, to be honest with you. I don’t know if he has ever been to Af-ghanistan, but I have, and the troops that I talked to in Afghanistan and those who are returning ask me the same thing over and over, and that is: What the hell are we doing? What is our mission? Now, if you think the mission is on target and everything is great, fine. Then vote to increase the number of troops there. But we ought to have a debate here on the floor on whether that is the right thing to do. On AUMFs, I am happy that the gen-tleman is cosponsoring a number of AUMFs. He says it is not appropriate to talk about it here in a defense au-thorization bill or a Defense Appropria-tions bill; that is a Foreign Affairs Committee bill, and we ought to deal with it there. When is the last time we have had a Foreign Affairs Committee bill that has been brought before us that we could amend to do an AUMF on? I don’t know. Maybe the gentleman may know when this AUMF is coming out of the Foreign Affairs Committee. I haven’t seen it. I have been waiting for years. They are in charge. They run this place. They control everything. So that is just another excuse, and it really is insulting to the men and women who put their lives on the line for this country. I mean, there is al-ways an excuse why we can’t debate something. This has to stop, and I hope it stops soon. If not, maybe the elections will result in a change of leadership here. I hope that, if we have the privilege to take over, you see a much more accom-modating process and, certainly, a process where important issues like this get to be debated. Mr. Speaker, the protests by thou-sands of teachers across the Nation have exposed not just low wages, but also severely dilapidated facilities. The 2016 State of Our Schools report deter-mined that there is an annual State and local spending gap of $46 billion on school facilities. These facilities pose significant health and safety threats to more than 50 million students. In the richest country in the world, it is absolutely shameful that we allow our children to attend schools without heat and with dangerous mold, not to mention the thousands of schools lack-ing access to the connectivity nec-essary for digital learning. For this reason, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up Education and the Workforce Committee member B
OBBY SCOTT’s bill, H.R. 2475, the Re-build America’s Schools Act. This leg-islation would provide the necessary funding to address critical physical and digital infrastructure needs in our schools, creating over 1.9 million jobs in the process. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE of Texas). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Massachu-setts? There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, to dis-cuss our proposal, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT). Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. As the Representative of Hampton Roads, Virginia, I support the signifi-cant increase in Navy shipbuilding in the NDAA. But while we consider na-tional defense, we must also consider school construction. Yesterday, U.S. banks reported $56 billion in first quarter profits. At the same time, our teachers are being forced to go on strike for a living wage and adequate funding for our public schools. But when the majority pushed its tax bill through Congress, it was the banks, not teachers and not the schools, that received the biggest ben-efit. H.R. 2475, the Rebuild America’s Schools Act, would be a step forward in correcting our priorities by investing desperately needed funding into our public school infrastructure. This $100 billion proposal, which is barely 5 per-cent of what was spent on the tax cut for corporations and the wealthiest Americans, would go towards repairing crumbling public school buildings to ensure that every student has access to safe, healthy, and high-quality learn-ing facilities. Not only would this proposal improve school conditions and student aca-demic outcomes, it would create jobs. Research from the Economic Policy In-stitute shows that for every $1 billion invested in school construction, 18,000 jobs are created. Therefore, a $100 bil-lion Federal investment translates into about 1.8 million new jobs over the next decade. That is many times more than are projected from the $1.5 trillion tax cut. Last week, we honored the 64th anni-versary of the Supreme Court land-mark ruling in Brown v. Board of Edu-cation that found separate is inher-ently unequal and ordered public edu-cation to integrate to provide equitable learning opportunities for all. Now, how can we now say that we fol-lowed the order in Brown when, just this winter, public schools in Balti-more were forced to close because they didn’t have heat? And how could we justify handing a massive tax cut to the wealthy and corporations while abandoning students and educators in public schools across the country? The answer is we can’t. The Rebuild America’s Schools Act would put us on a path to give students the safe and high-quality education they deserve, and I strongly urge my colleagues to support this legislation. b1300 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gen-tleman from Virginia’s comments. He is the ranking member of the Edu-cation and the Workforce Committee in the House. I have the privilege of serving with him on that committee. I spent 8 years on the Alabama State Board of Education, 5 years in the Ala-bama State senate serving on both of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.004 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4598 May 23, 2018 
our education committees, and 2 years as chancellor of postsecondary edu-cation for the State of Alabama. I care deeply about education. I know what it can do to better the lives of everybody in America. I find many of the comments the gen-tleman made with regard to this bill very interesting, and I hope there will be a time when we can take those up and consider them, but this is not that time. We are here today to talk about the defense of the United States of America. So, with all respect to the gentle-man’s comments, I hope that he and I can sit down with others later and talk about that, particularly what is the role of the Federal Government versus what is the role of State and local gov-ernments. But today let’s talk about the defense of the United States. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. D
UNCAN ). Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Alabama for yielding me this time. He is one of the great leaders in this Con-gress, and it is an honor to serve with him. Mr. Speaker, I have always heard that many government agencies spend roughly 60 percent of their budgets within the first 11 months and then scramble around during the last month trying to spend the rest of their budget so they won’t be cut for the next year. I think we should do what we can to incentivize more government employ-ees to come up with cost-saving ideas. That is why I introduced, along with Mr. P
OLIS from Colorado and Mr. J ONES  from North Carolina, an amendment to the NDAA which will do just that. It will give all military personnel even more reasons to be creative in how to save costs. I am pleased that my amendment, which has been made in order en bloc, directs the Secretary of Defense to re-port to Congress on the military’s ex-isting incentive programs for cost-sav-ing ideas. This amendment will also in-clude a report on how the Secretary plans to expand and streamline those existing programs to better reward military personnel who help the De-partment of Defense to be more effi-cient. We need to be good stewards of the taxpayers’ money and should do every-thing we can to ensure that our mili-tary’s funding is used wisely and used where it is needed most. I introduced a bill several times many years ago to give Federal em-ployees bonuses for half of any money that their agency or their department can save. This amendment hopefully will move us in that direction. On a side note, I do want to say that I believe the American people are real-ly sick and tired of our spending hun-dreds of billions on a very unnecessary, no-win war in Afghanistan now 17 years old. I am disappointed that this bill continues that funding instead of bringing our troops back home. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE). The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman will suspend. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE  
HOUSE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 23, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on May 23, 2018, at 9:54 a.m.: That the Senate agrees to return the pa-pers to the House of Representatives at their request. H.R. 4743. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank our ranking member for yielding and for his tremendous leadership on defense issues and so many other issues that are critical to our national and domestic security. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-tion to this rule and to H.R. 5515, which is the 2019 National Defense Authoriza-tion Act. This bill authorizes $717 bil-lion in defense spending. Yet we know that there is at least $150 billion in waste, fraud, and abuse currently over at the Pentagon. Now we are giving them more money. Shame on us. This is an already out-of-control, bloated Pentagon budget. It would also increase funding to $69 billion for wars that Congress has never debated or voted on. Once again, my Republican colleagues have used off-the-books spending gimmicks to further expand the bloated Pentagon budget. Enough is enough, Mr. Speaker. In-stead of writing blank checks to the Pentagon, Congress needs to live up to its constitutional obligation to debate matters of war and peace. Yesterday I offered an amendment to sunset the 2001 and 2002 Authorization for Use of Military Force after 8 months of enact-ment. Congress would have 8 months to debate and vote on a new AUMF before the repeal. Eight months is plenty of time. Mr. Speaker, we passed the 2001 AUMF within 3 days, mind you. Last week, of course, Speaker Ryan— and I say at the orders of Donald Trump—undemocratically stripped our bipartisan 2001 sunset amendment when the Defense Appropriations bill came before us. When in the world will this body have the backbone to debate the costs and consequences of these wars? Our brave troops deserve better. We need to do our job. I am pleased, though, that some of my amendments and others passed last night—which are very important amendments. They include clarifying that nothing in this bill can be con-strued as authorizing force against North Korea—that is the use of mili-tary force. Also we included reporting require-ments for auditing the Pentagon. We need the Pentagon audited so that tax-payers will really begin to know where their hard-earned tax dollars are going and what weapons systems they are contributing to in terms of the build-ing of weapons systems which probably will never be used, a report and update on the United States-Kabul compact, and also overseas contingency oper-ations reporting requirements. Can you believe we are spending all this money on a slush fund through OCO, and we don’t know what is going on with that account? The underlying bill is still a disgrace. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from California an additional 30 seconds. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. In conclusion, I just want to reit-erate that authorizing wars with no end, no debate, and no vote is unconsti-tutional, and it is wrong. I call on Speaker R
YANto bring forth an authorization because every step of the way, we are trying in a bipartisan fashion to do this, and it is the Speak-er’s call. He should do that so that we can debate and vote up or down on these wars. So this rule and this bill should not be passed just based on the amount of money that we are giving to the Pen-tagon to do more than ensure our na-tional security and fight terrorism. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ on the rule and the underlying bill and reject this shameful bill. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I have lis-tened to the gentlewoman’s comments, and she probably is unaware of the fact that we are presently undergoing for the first time in the history of the De-partment of Defense a full Department- wide audit. We are already getting some of the things that they have de-termined from that audit back. That audit is going to give us information we need to make some further changes in the management performance of the Pentagon. She probably didn’t know we are already underway with that, but that is going to be completed in early fall of this year. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from Wyo-ming (Ms. C
HENEY ), who is my col-league from both the Rules Committee and the Armed Services Committee. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleague, Mr. B
YRNE , for his tremendous work on this issue on the Rules Committee as well as on the Armed Services Committee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this rule and the bipartisan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.026 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4599 May 23, 2018 
work of the House Armed Services Committee that has gone into crafting the underlying bill. This year’s NDAA authorizes programs that are abso-lutely crucial, Mr. Speaker, to the de-fense of this Nation. The bill authorizes funding at levels that will begin to restore our readi-ness, replacing aging equipment and weapons, and developing the next gen-eration of military technology. Mr. Speaker, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle would clearly like to divert attention from these issues. They would like to try to dis-cuss everything under the sun, it seems, except funding for our men and women in uniform who are on the front lines defending the freedom that allows us to have the debate that we are hav-ing today in this very Chamber. The bottom line, Mr. Speaker, is that, without the funding authorized in this bill, our adversaries will continue to close capability gaps and further erode our military superiority. Mr. Speaker, while passage of this rule and the underlying NDAA are vital, our work will not be done. We must appropriate the funds authorized here, and we must finally, Mr. Speaker, repeal the Budget Control Act. For the last decade, this body has routinely forced the Department of De-fense to operate under continuing reso-lutions. In plain English, this means we are asking our men and women in uniform to stay on their posts and put their lives on the line to defend all of us while at the same time depriving them of the resources they need to do that job. The situation, Mr. Speaker, was ex-acerbated in 2011 with the arbitrary budget caps and sequestration of the Budget Control Act. This has dev-astated military readiness and enabled our adversaries to make significant gains that threaten our security and our military superiority. In testimony earlier this year, Sec-retary of Defense Mattis described the severity of the situation and congres-sional responsibility for the situation this way: ‘‘As hard as the last 16 years of war have been, no enemy in the field has done as much to harm the readi-ness of the U.S. military than the com-bined impact of the Budget Control Act’s defense spending caps, worsened by operating for 10 of the last 11 years under continuing resolutions of varied and unpredictable duration.’’ In a world in which we face the most complex and severe threat environment we have faced since the end of World War II, this situation is simply shame-ful. The men and women who put their lives on the line for all of us are sick and tired—as my colleague said, that is absolutely true—but they are sick and tired, Mr. Speaker, of being held hos-tage to a range of Democratic pet pro-grams and politics that are often played by those on the other side of the aisle in this Chamber. Year after year, Mr. Speaker, we have completed our work in this body on the Defense Appropriations bill, and we have done it on time. Unfortu-nately, the same is not true of our col-leagues in the Senate. Rules over in the Senate have allowed Democrats in that body to hold critical funding for our military hostage in an effort to ad-vance unrelated issues. Mr. Speaker, I know my colleagues on the other side of the aisle join me in the belief that no member of our mili-tary—no mother or father or wife or husband or child of any servicemem-ber—should have to continue to pay the price for the dysfunction of the United States Congress’ budget proc-ess. I fully expect that this House will complete our work, once again, Mr. Speaker, to fund our military in a timely manner this year. I call on my colleagues, the Democrats in this body and in the Senate, to join us in ful-filling our most important constitu-tional obligation. We must avoid an-other continuing resolution for the De-partment of Defense, and we must pass the funding authorized under this bill required to provide for the common de-fense. The first step in that overall process is the work we are doing here this week. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this rule so we can com-plete our work on the underlying bill. I urge passage of the NDAA, and I urge my colleagues to join us in putting the resources in place our troops need, to stop holding our troops hostage, and to work with us to break the cycle of con-tinuing resolutions that have only served to undermine military readi-ness. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I just want to say to my Rules Committee colleague that I agree with her that this place is pretty dysfunctional. But I just want to point out, in case she has forgotten, that the White House is con-trolled by Republicans, the House is controlled by Republicans, and the Senate is controlled by Republicans. So the gentlewoman can blame everybody she wants, but the Republicans are in charge of everything. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE) to respond to Mr. B
YRNE . Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I would just like to respond to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ) and say that I know exactly what is going on over at the Pentagon in terms of their auditing requirements and what they are doing. But I have to say the Pentagon—and the gentleman should know this—has never been audited, I know, for the last 50 years. The public understands it needs to be audited because they see each and every day the wasteful spending of the Pentagon when you just look at, for ex-ample, CEO compensation of millions and millions and millions of dollars that are being paid to defense con-tractor executives on the taxpayers’ dime. So, yes, I know what is going on; and, yes, it has not been audited in 50 years. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a May 22 letter signed by 32 former Re-publican and Democratic defense and foreign policy officials rejecting the building and use of low-yield nuclear warheads and opposing their authoriza-tion and their funding. 
MAY22, 2018. Hon. J
IMMCGOVERN , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE MCGOVERN : We write to respectfully request that Congress reject the Trump administration’s request for new, more usable, ‘‘low-yield’’ nuclear warheads for Trident missiles. There is no need for such weapons and building them would make the United States less safe. These so-called ‘‘low-yield’’ weapons are a gateway to nuclear catastrophe and should not be pursued. To justify this dangerous proposal, the Trump administration is promoting a false narrative that the United States has a ‘‘gap’’ in its ability to deter the use of nuclear weapons by Russia. Officials allege that Mos-cow believes that an American president would not respond to Russian use of ‘‘tac-tical,’’ or lower yield, nuclear weapons if his only options include ‘‘strategic,’’ or high- yield, ones. The president, they argue, would be ‘‘self-deterred.’’ To plug this supposed ‘‘deterrence gap,’’ the Trump administration wants to develop and deploy new low-yield nuclear warheads on Trident II D5 missiles on Ohio-class sub-marines. The administration is asking Con-gress for $88 million in FY2019 for this new warhead, in a program that would be com-pleted in that fiscal year under the aegis of the W76 Life Extension Program. Yet this justification for new Trident warheads fails on many levels: 1. There is no ‘‘deterrence gap.’’ The United States has a massive nuclear arsenal of some 4,000 warheads, half of which are de-ployed on land-based missiles, submarines, and bombers. The administration is in the process of rebuilding this arsenal at an esti-mated cost of $1.7 trillion, with inflation, over the next 30 years. While this immense program is excessive, adds to a new arms race with Russia, and should be scaled back, Russia cannot doubt that the United States is serious about maintaining an unambig-uously strong nuclear deterrent. 2. The United States already has many low-yield nuclear weapons. As part of that massive arsenal, the United States already has about 1,000 nuclear weapons with low- yield options, which are being modernized at great expense. If the president ever needed to use a low-yield nuclear weapon, he has many options. 3. Nuclear war cannot be controlled. Per-haps the biggest fallacy in the whole argu-ment is the mistaken and dangerous belief that a ‘‘small’’ nuclear war would remain small. There is no basis for the dubious the-ory that, if Russia used a ‘‘low-yield’’ nu-clear weapon and the United States re-sponded in kind, the conflict could stay at that level. Indeed, it is unlikely that there is such a thing as a limited nuclear war; preparing for one is folly. As George Shultz, Secretary of State for President Ronald Reagan, recently noted, ‘‘A nuclear weapon is a nuclear weap-on. You use a small one, then you go to a bigger one. I think nuclear weapons are nu-clear weapons and we need to draw the line there.’’ Secretary of Defense James Mattis similarly declared, ‘‘I don’t think there’s any such thing as a tactical nuclear weapon. Any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.027 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4600 May 23, 2018 
nuclear weapon used at any time is a stra-tegic game changer.’’ Ultimately, the greatest concern about the proposed low-yield Trident warhead is that the president might feel less restrained about using it in a crisis. When it comes to using a nuclear weapon, restraint is a good thing. The proposed ‘‘low-yield’’ Trident warhead is dangerous, unjustified, and re-dundant. Congress has the power to stop the administration from starting down this slip-pery slope to nuclear war. We call on Con-gress to exercise that authority without delay. Sincerely, The Hon. George P. Shultz, Former U.S. Secretary of State; The Hon. William J. Perry, Former U.S. Secretary of Defense; The Hon. Richard G. Lugar, United States Senator (Ret.), Former Chairman, Senate Foreign Relations Committee; The Hon. Byron Dorgan, United States Senator (Ret.), Former Chairman, Energy & Water Develop-ment Appropriations Subcommittee, Senate Appropriations Committee; The Hon. Gary Hart, United States Senator (Ret.), Former member, Senate Armed Services Committee; The Hon. Mark Udall, United States Senator (Ret.), Former member, Senate Armed Serv-ices Committee. The Hon. Jerry Brown, Former Governor of California; The Hon. Barney Frank, U.S. House of Representatives (Ret.); The Hon. John Tierney, U.S. House of Representatives (Ret.), Former Chairman, House Sub-committee on National Security and Foreign Affairs, Government Oversight and Reform Committee; General James Cartwright (USMC, Ret.), Former Vice Chair, Joint Chiefs of Staff; Lt. General Robert G. Gard (USA, Ret.), Former President, National De-fense University; The Hon. John Holdren, Former Chief Science Advisor to the Presi-dent; The Hon. Thomas Countryman, Former Assistant Secretary of State for Inter-national Security and Nonproliferation. The Hon. Andrew Weber, Former Assistant Secretary of Defense for Nuclear, Chemical, and Biological Defense Programs; The Hon. Thomas Graham Jr., Former Special Rep-resentative of the President for Arms Con-trol, Non-proliferation and Disarmament; The Hon. Susan F. Burk, Former Special Representative of the President, Nuclear Nonproliferation; The Hon. Laura Kennedy, Former US Permanent Representative to the Conference on Disarmament; The Hon. Ste-ven Pifer, Former Deputy Assistant Sec-retary of State and Ambassador to Ukraine; The Hon. Anne M. Harrington, Former Dep-uty Administrator for Defense Nuclear Non-proliferation, U.S. Department of Energy Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration. Ben Chang, Former Director for Press & Communications and Deputy Spokesman at the National Security Council; Philip E. Coyle, Former Associate Director for Na-tional Security and International Affairs, White House Office of Science and Tech-nology Policy; Steve Fetter, Former Prin-cipal Assistant Director for National Secu-rity and International Affairs, White House Office of Science and Technology Policy; Colin Kahl, Former Deputy Assistant to the President and National Security Advisor to the Vice President; Richard Nephew, Former Director for Iran for the National Security Council; Ned Price, Former Special Assist-ant to President Obama and Spokesperson for the National Security Council. Ben Rhodes, Former Deputy National Se-curity Advisor for Strategic Communica-tions, The White House; Frank von Hippel, Former Assistant Director for National Se-curity, White House Office of Science and Technology Policy; Jon Wolfsthal, Former Special Assistant to the President for Na-tional Security and Senior Director for Non-proliferation and Arms Control at the Na-tional Security Council; Alexandra Bell, Former Director of Strategic Outreach in the Office of the Undersecretary of State for Arms Control and International Security; Bishop Garrison, Former adviser and Execu-tive Director, Homeland Security Science & Technology Advisory Committee; Morton Halperin, Former Director of the Policy Planning Staff, Department of State; Newell Highsmith, Former Deputy Legal Adviser, Department of State. 
b1315 Mr. M
CGOVERN. This letter is co-led by former Reagan Secretary of State George Shultz and former Clinton Sec-retary of Defense William Perry. Mr. Speaker, as the letter states, ‘‘there is no such thing as a limited nu-clear war and preparing for one is folly.’’ George Shultz, Secretary of State for President Ronald Reagan, recently noted: ‘‘A nuclear weapon is a nuclear weapon. You use a small one, then you go to a bigger one.’’ Secretary of Defense James Mattis also recently declared: ‘‘I don’t think there’s any such thing as a tactical nu-clear weapon. Any nuclear weapon used at any time is a strategic game chang-er.’’ Mr. Speaker, the underlying bill, for all of its many positive developments, is seriously deficient in this particular area. It authorizes funding for new low- yield nuclear weapons. The U.S. already possesses low-yield nuclear weapons. If these weapons are not effective deterrents, we should ex-amine why before building and deploy-ing a new generation of weapons. We should listen to our seasoned elder statesmen and -women and stop walking down a road that begins a nu-clear war that can rapidly escalate. Any use of a nuclear weapon is a catas-trophe. We should be destroying nu-clear weapons, not building new ones. I urge all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to work together and make sure this funding is not included in the final version of the FY19 NDAA. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the underlying bill au-thorizes what it authorizes with regard to these smaller nuclear weapons be-cause we find our adversaries devel-oping such nuclear weapons. We are not developing them because we want to use them. We want to de-velop them because the mere fact that we have got them, we believe, is a de-terrent to our adversaries using the very same weapons they have in their arsenal themselves. So we are simply making sure that we don’t have one hand tied behind our back if we get into one of these types of conflicts. I understand what the gentleman is saying. No one ever wants to use a nu-clear weapon. But to see your adver-sary have such a weapon and do noth-ing is not what we should do to defend the people of the United States. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would say to the gentleman that we already have low-yield nuclear weap-ons. I don’t know why we need more. We heard the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. S
COTT), talk about the amendment he would like to see made in order to help reinforce our schools. I think most people watching also appre-ciate the fact that our national defense includes things like the quality of life for people here in this country, includ-ing the quality of our schools, whether people have jobs, whether people have good healthcare. We are shortchanging all these do-mestic investments, and I think the concern we have is when you start in-vesting in more nuclear weapons, not only is it not a good use of our tax-payer dollars, but it also increases in-security for the people of this country. Mr. Speaker, this is the most closed Congress in the history of the United States of America. Let me repeat that. This is the most closed Congress in the history of the United States of Amer-ica. The majority is very proud of this rule. They have made a bunch of amendments in order on a handful of bills to run up their numbers, but let’s remember one thing: On most bills, the majority of the legislation that comes to this floor, they do not allow a single amendment. Not one. On most bills that come to the floor, no Member of this House, Democratic or Republican, can offer an amendment. This rule before us today is not closed, but let me highlight a few ger-mane amendments from the 281 amend-ments that this rule blocks. Several bipartisan amendments were blocked, such as an amendment by Representatives D
ENHAM , F OSTER , C
URBELO , and P ANETTA which allows Dreamers who grew up in the United States to gain legal status, provided that they serve out the terms of their enlistment honorably. So we are talking about rewarding people who served in our military. That was the amendment. That was brought before the Rules Committee. That was blocked. There was another bipartisan amend-ment from 25 Members, including my-self, that expresses the sense of Con-gress that the lessons of past genocides should be applied to help prevent fu-ture war crimes, crimes against hu-manity, and genocide. I say to my colleagues: When did a sense of Congress on the atrocities of genocide become such a controversial topic? But that was blocked. This rule blocks an amendment by Representative K
EATING to test ticks for an increased number of tick-borne diseases. When did fighting tick-borne diseases become too sensitive for the House to debate? This rule, once again, blocks us from having one of the most important de-bates we could have. It prevents us 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.005 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4601 May 23, 2018 
from debating whether or not to send our sons and daughters into harm’s way. The bipartisan amendment by Rep-resentatives L
EE, JONES , and E LLISON  would repeal the 2001 AUMF after 240 days of enactment of the act, giving Congress ample time to debate a new AUMF. The Constitution of the United States says the Congress has the power to declare war. This is our job, Mr. Speaker. And I appreciate the gen-tleman from Alabama saying: Well, the Foreign Affairs Committee deals with that, not us. We hear that every year. Every year that goes by, we don’t see any bill from the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee dealing with these topics. The bottom line, let’s be honest, is we don’t deal with it because Members in the majority don’t want to deal with this difficult issue. I have always said that our failure to act on an AUMF, our failure to debate these issues, rep-resents moral cowardice. What about our workers? Representa-tives E
LLISON , POCAN , and G RIJALVA  had an amendment blocked that would have prohibited Federal contracts with companies that have repeated and will-ful wage theft violations. Why would we knowingly reward companies that hurt our workers? The list goes on: An amendment by Representative L
IEUto require a public report on all DOD expenditures to support Presi-dential visits to entities owned or sig-nificantly controlled by the President or a member of his immediate family. The American people deserve to know if the President and his family are directly profiting off of this Presi-dency. Blocked. Blocked. An amendment by Representative V
EASEY that would prohibit the depor-tation of family members of service-members on Active Duty. How can we, with a good conscience, deport the fam-ily members of brave young men and women putting their lives on the line for all of us and fighting for our safety everyday? Blocked. An amendment by Representative T
ORRES , a distinguished member of the Rules Committee, that would have pre-vented DOD in helping the Department of Homeland Security from deporting spouses, parents, and sons and daugh-ters of certain military personnel, vet-erans, and enlistees. Mr. Speaker, I could spend the rest of the week describing the thousands of amendments that this Republican lead-ership has blocked, but I would much prefer to be debating the ideas that Members from both parties have put forward in good faith. This is the most closed Congress in history. Dana Milbank recently de-scribed it as the most authoritarian Congress in history. You know, 180 Democratic Members have had an amendment blocked in this Congress alone. That is 180 elected Members. I would like my Republican friends to listen closely to my next point. This Congress, 180 Republican Members have also had their amendments blocked this Congress. You are all voting to block your own ideas. Stop it. Read the rules that you are voting on. The vast majority of Republican Members have had their proposals blocked from even getting a vote. I don’t understand why you keep voting to block proposals that you supposedly believe in. Hundreds of Republican amendments have been blocked by the Rules Committee. Most Republicans voted to block them. They are your amendments. I don’t understand why it is such a radical idea to debate any of the amendments I just spoke about. We can do so much better. Mr. Speaker, there are a lot of amendments that have been made in order. There is a lot of quantity. But a lot of the amendments that really shine in quality and that are important in terms of substance have been blocked. This is nothing new. Again, the majority of bills that come to this floor are under closed rules. You can’t amend them. Nobody can. Take it or leave it. The majority of bills that come to this floor are closed. I know it is uncomfortable for my Republican friends to hear that they have presided over this closed process, but my hope is they will be so embar-rassed and so ashamed that they will want to change things. They can still redeem themselves. We are only in May. They have a long way to go. Whether it is on the defense bill, on an education bill, or whatever bill it is, there are good ideas that are being brought forward. I will close with this. I met with a group of young students who were en-gaged in the nationwide protest asking Congress to do something on gun vio-lence. And the most frustrating thing they said to them is the fact that when they were lobbying Members of Con-gress, it’s not even about telling them how to vote on an issue; they are frus-trated because you can’t get a vote on any of the issues that are related to gun violence. We won’t let anything come to the floor. It is wrong. I just say to my friends, in closing, if this place becomes more accommo-dating, if the Speaker decides to live up to the words that he enunciated when he became Speaker of the House, to have a more open process, to respect all ideas, let me tell you something; you are going to see a decrease in po-larization. You are going to see more bills passed a bipartisan way. You are going to see more good bills going for-ward. Legislation will be better. If you have a lousy process, you end up with a lousy bill. Again, I respect all the time and en-ergy that went into crafting this NDAA. I respect the chairman and the ranking member, Democrats and Re-publicans alike, but there are a lot of important amendments here that are being blocked that are really impor-tant and that most of our constituents would believe deserve a debate and a vote on this floor. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. And I plead with them, let’s bring some accomodation and some re-spect to differing ideas and just regular order to this House, because this is cer-tainly not what I think any of us could possibly believe is the way our govern-ment should be run. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I know that some of our Democratic colleagues—not all of them—would like for us today to be talking about a Federal takeover of local education. Some of my Demo-cratic colleagues—not all of them— would like to talk about doing away with the Second Amendment. But that is not what we are about today. We are talking about the defense of the United States of America. Remember where we were 2 years ago, at the end of the Obama adminis-tration. ISIS still controlled vast swaths of western Iraq and eastern Syria. Iran had just gotten its hands on tens of billions of dollars that had been frozen—money that they were able to get because of the deal that President Obama cut with them. We now know that they have taken that money and increased defense spending, military spending, in Iran by 40 percent. Two years ago, we had cut troop lev-els down to levels we haven’t seen in decades. In fact, we cut the Air Force to the point it had never been since the founding of the Air Force. Our fleet had been cut down to less than 280 ships after it had been to at least 400 under the Clinton administration. Fifty percent of the Navy’s jets couldn’t fly. Our adversaries didn’t fear us and our friends and allies didn’t know if they could count on us. We have begun to turn that around. ISIS is largely gone from Iraq. It is largely gone from Syria. It is obliter-ated as a conventional force after be-coming a conventional terrorist army that controlled a big chunk of the Mid-dle East. Gone. Slipped over into North Africa. We understand that. So we have to continue what we are doing to fight against them in those places. And, yes, we need an AUMF to do that. We have also done something that is very important in rebuilding our mili-tary. We have told our men and women that we value them by giving them pay increases. This bill calls for another pay increase on top of the one we gave them last year. They have gone too long without real pay increases. We are beginning to give them the equipment they need to do the mis-sions that we have them to do. More ships, more jets, more ammunition, more missiles, more missile defense. We are going to make sure that our jets can fly. Most importantly, we want to make sure that our men and women in uni-form have the training, preparation, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.030 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4602 May 23, 2018 
and support they need so we don’t have another year that goes by where we have more of our men and women in uniform who lose their lives in training exercises than they do in combat. b1330 We are turning that around. We are leaving the sorry legacy of the Obama administration so that we can put in place a defense strategy for this coun-try that will defend our country and, at the same time, protect the safety of our men and women in uniform. So that is what we are here today to talk about. I believe that we will vote on this bill, the underlying bill, in a bipartisan fashion because, going back to the Ken-nedy administration, that is what we have done year after year after year. That is the message that we send to our foes, to our friends abroad, and, yes, to those men and women in uni-form: that we come together, this Con-gress comes together, to make sure that we do what we are supposed to do in our job to defend this country. Mr. Speaker, I again urge my col-leagues to support House Resolution 908 and the underlying bill. The material previously referred to by Mr. M
CGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 908 O FFERED BY  M
R. MCGOVERN OF MASSACHUSETTS  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 8. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 2475) to provide for the long-term improvement of public school fa-cilities, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. After general debate the bill shall be consid-ered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of con-sideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage with-out intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and re-ports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 9. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 2475. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 222, nays 189, not voting 16, as follows: [Roll No. 217] YEAS—222 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NAYS—189 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.032 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4603 May 23, 2018 
Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—16 
Bass Black Donovan Gosar Higgins (LA) King (NY) Labrador Lewis (GA) Pearce Rogers (KY) Rooney, Francis Speier Stivers Trott Walz Zeldin 
b1355 Mr. CICILLINE, Mses. SA´NCHEZ and JACKSON LEE changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. RUTHERFORD, COFFMAN, and CULBERSON changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 229, noes 183, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 218] AYES—229 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) NOES—183 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—15 
Black Costa Donovan Gutie´rrez Higgins (LA) King (NY) Lewis (GA) Pearce Rogers (KY) Rooney, Francis Speier Stivers Trott Walz Zeldin 
b1403 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
LEISCHMANN ). Pursuant to House Res-olution 905 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further reconsideration of the bill, (H.R. 5515). Will the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) kindly take the chair. b1405 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, with Mr. P
OEof Texas (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose on Tuesday, May 22, 2018, amendments en bloc printed in House Report 115–698 offered 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.008 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4604 May 23, 2018 
by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) had been disposed of. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 115–698 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: Amendment No. 2 by Mr. N
OLAN of Minnesota. Amendment No. 3 by Ms. G
ABBARD of Hawaii. Amendment No. 4 by Mr. A
GUILAR of California. Amendment No. 5 by Mr. G
ARAMENDI  of California. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the time for any electronic vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . NOLAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 62, noes 351, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 219] AYES—62 
Amash Barraga´n Bass Bonamici Buck Capuano Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Crowley DeFazio DeGette DeSaulnier Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Evans Gabbard Gomez Gosar Green, Gene Grijalva Huffman Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Khanna Kind Lee Lofgren Lowenthal Massie Matsui McGovern Moore Nadler Napolitano Nolan Pallone Pascrell Pingree Pocan Polis Raskin Richmond Schakowsky Schrader Serrano Takano Thompson (CA) Vargas Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wilson (FL) 
NOES—351 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Griffith Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lesko Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Neal Newhouse Noem Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Taylor Tenney Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) NOT VOTING—14 
Black Costa Donovan Higgins (LA) King (NY) Lewis (GA) Pearce Rogers (KY) Rooney, Francis Speier Stivers Trott Walz Zeldin 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1410 Mr. TAKANO changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . GABBARD  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. G
ABBARD ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 60, noes 355, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 220] AYES—60 
Amash Burgess Capuano Ca´rdenas Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Crowley Davis, Danny DeGette DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Duncan (TN) Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Evans Fudge Gabbard Grijalva Gutie´rrez Huffman Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Khanna Labrador Larsen (WA) Lee Lofgren Massie Matsui McGovern McNerney Moore Napolitano Nolan O’Rourke Pingree Pocan Polis Raskin Richmond Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Serrano Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Tonko Waters, Maxine Welch Wilson (FL) Yoho 
NOES—355 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.039 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4605 May 23, 2018 
Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Engel Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lesko Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Newhouse Noem Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Scalise Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) NOT VOTING—12 
Black Donovan Higgins (LA) King (NY) Lewis (GA) Pearce Rogers (KY) Speier Stivers Trott Walz Zeldin 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1414 Mr. CARSON of Indiana changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Ms. D
EGETTE. Mr. Chair, during rollcall vote No. 220 on the Gabbard of Hawaii Amendment No. 3 to H.R. 5515, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘yea’’ when I should have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . AGUILAR  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. A
GUILAR ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 198, noes 217, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 221] AYES—198 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—217 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.009 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4606 May 23, 2018 
Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NOT VOTING—12 
Black Donovan Higgins (LA) King (NY) Lewis (GA) Pearce Rogers (KY) Speier Stivers Trott Walz Zeldin 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1419 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . GARAMENDI  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 188, noes 226, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 222] AYES—188 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth NOES—226 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perlmutter Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NOT VOTING—13 
Black Donovan Harper Higgins (LA) King (NY) Lewis (GA) Pearce Rogers (KY) Speier Stivers Trott Walz Zeldin b1425 Messrs. VISCLOSKY and RUSH changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ). There being no further amendments pursuant to House Resolution 905, under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. P
OE of Texas) having assumed the chair, Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construc-tion, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, had come to no resolu-tion thereon. 
f 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, parliamentary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas will state his par-liamentary inquiry. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, the House is currently in the Committee of the Whole. Correct? The SPEAKER pro tempore. We are currently in the House. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I have been confused by the mace com-ing and going here. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and insert extraneous material on H.R. 5515. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. A
MODEI ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 908 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5515. Will the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) kindly resume the chair. b1431 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.013 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4607 May 23, 2018 
military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, with Mr. P
OEof Texas (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today pursuant to House Resolution 905, amendment No. 5 printed in House Re-port 115–698 offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) had been disposed of. Pursuant to House Resolution 908, no further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in House Report 115–702 and amendments en bloc described in sec-tion 3 of House Resolution 908. Each further amendment printed in the report shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. It shall be in order at any time for the chair of the Committee on Armed Services or his designee to offer amendments en bloc consisting of amendments printed in the report not earlier disposed of. Amendments en bloc shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Armed Services or their re-spective designees, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the ques-tion. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 908, I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 1 consisting of amendment Nos. 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 11, 12, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 20, 21, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 44, 45, 46, 47, 48, 49, 51, 52, 53, 54, 55, 56, 57, 58, 59, and 60 printed in House Report 115–702, offered by Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . MICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM OF NEW MEXICO  At the end subtitle B of title II, add the following new section: 
SEC. 2ll. COLLABORATION BETWEEN DEFENSE LABORATORIES, INDUSTRY, AND ACADEMIA; OPEN CAMPUS PRO-GRAM. 
(a) C OLLABORATION .—The Secretary of De-fense may carry out activities to prioritize innovative collaboration between Depart-ment of Defense laboratories, industry, and academia. (b) O
PEN CAMPUS PROGRAM .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Commander of the Air Force Research Laboratory, may develop and implement an open campus program for the Laboratory which shall be modeled after the open campus program of the Army Research Laboratory. AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MS . MICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM OF NEW MEXICO  At the end of subtitle B of title II, add the following new section: 
SEC. 2ll. ENTREPRENEURIAL EDUCATION PRO-GRAM FOR PERSONNEL OF DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE LABORATORIES. 
In order to promote a strong, lasting foun-dation for the national innovation ecosystem and increase the positive economic and so-cial impact of federally funded research, the Secretary of Defense may— (1) carry out a program (commonly known as an ‘‘I-Corps program’’) under which entre-preneurship and commercialization edu-cation, training, and mentoring is provided to personnel of Department of Defense lab-oratories; and (2) determine eligibility requirements for the program. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . SUOZZI OF  
NEW YORK  At the end of subtitle B of title III, insert the following: 
SEC. 3ll. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ENVIRON-MENTAL RESTORATION PROGRAMS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The Department of Defense has identi-fied nearly 39,500 sites that fall under the in-stallation restoration program sites and mu-nitions response sites. (2) The installation response program ad-dresses contamination from hazardous sub-stances, pollutants, or contaminants and ac-tive military installations, formerly used de-fense site properties, and base realignment and closure locations in the United States. (3) Munitions response sites are known or suspected to contain unexploded ordnance, discarded military munitions, or munitions constitutes are addressed through the mili-tary munitions response program. (4) The installation restoration program sites and munitions response sites have had significant impacts on state and local gov-ernments that have had to bear the in-creased costs of environmental degradation, notably groundwater contamination, and local populations that have had to live with the consequences of contaminated drinking, including increased health concerns and de-creasing property values. (5) Through the end of fiscal year 2017, the Department of Defense had achieved re-sponse complete at 86 percent of installation restoration program sites and munitions re-sponse sites, but projects that it will fall short of meeting its goal of 90 percent by the end of fiscal year 2018. (6) The fiscal year 2019 budget request for environmental restoration and base realign-ment and closure amounted to nearly $1,318,320,000, a decrease of $53,429,000 from the amount authorized in the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115-91). (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the environmental restoration and base realignment and closure programs are im-portant for the protection of the environ-ment, the health of the military and civilian personnel and their families who live and work on military installations, to ensure that current and legacy military operations do not adversely affect the health or envi-ronments of surrounding communities; (2) the Department of Defense and the Armed Forces should seek to reduce the fi-nancial burden on state and local govern-ment who are bearing significant costs of cleanup stemming from defense related ac-tivities; (3) the Department of Defense and the Armed Forces should expedite and stream-line cleanup at locations where contamina-tion is having a direct impact on civilian ac-cess to clean drinking water; (4) the Department of Defense and the Armed Forces should continue to engage with and help allay local community con-cerns about the safety of the drinking water due to environmental degradation caused by defense related activities; and (5) the Department of Defense should seek opportunities to accelerate environmental restoration efforts where feasible, to include programming additional resources for re-sponse actions, investing in technology solu-tions that may expedite response actions, improving contracting procedures, increas-ing contracting capacity, and seeking oppor-tunities for partnerships and other coopera-tive approaches. (c) BRIEFING REQUIRED .—Not later than 120 days after enactment of this Act, the Assist-ant Secretary of Defense for Energy, Instal-lations, and Environment shall provide a briefing to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and House of Representa-tives on initiatives being pursued to accel-erate environmental restoration efforts. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MRS . CICILLINE  
OF RHODE ISLAND  At the end of subtitle E of title III, insert the following: 
SEC. 3ll. NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS RE-LATING TO CHANGES TO MILITARY UNIFORM COMPONENTS. 
(a) DLA N OTIFICATION .—The Secretary of a military department shall notify the Com-mander of the Defense Logistics Agency of plans to make changes to a service member uniform or service member uniform compo-nent. Such notification shall be made not less than three years prior to the uniform change. (b) C
ONTRACTOR NOTIFICATION .—The Com-mander of the Defense Logistics Agency shall notify a contractor when one of the military services plans to make a change to a military uniform component that is pro-vided by that contractor. Such a notification shall be made not less than 12 months prior to any announcement of a public solicitation for the manufacture of the new uniform com-ponents. (c) W
AIVER .—If the Secretary of a military department or the Commander of the De-fense Logistics Agency determines that the notification requirement under subsection (a) would adversely impact operational safe-ty, force protection, or national security in-terests of the United States, the secretary or the Commander may waive such require-ment. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
OF VIRGINIA  At the end of subtitle E of title III, insert the following: 
SEC. 3ll. ASSESSMENT, MONITORING, AND EVALUATION OF SECURITY CO-OPERATION. 
(a) A SSESSMENT , MONITORING , ANDEVALUA -
TION OF SECURITY COOPERATION ACTIVITIES .— Of the amount for Operations and Mainte-nance, Defense-wide made available to the Defense Security Cooperation Agency for fis-cal year 2019, not less than $12,000,000 shall be allocated for the assessment, monitoring, and evaluation of security cooperation ac-tivities in accordance with section 383 of title 10, United States Code. (b) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .—Of the amount for Operation and Maintenance, De-fense-wide made available to the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019 for activities under section 333 of title 10, United States Code, not more than 50 percent may be ex-pended until the Secretary presents to Con-gress a written plan for the expenditure of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.048 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4608 May 23, 2018 
the amount allocated under subsection (a), including— (1) a description of the activities planned for fiscal year 2019 for the evaluation of secu-rity cooperation programs across the secu-rity cooperation enterprise, including through chapter 16 of title 10, United States Code, the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund, the Counter-ISIL Fund, the cooperative threat reduction program, and other security cooperation authorities as appropriate; and (2) a description of the activities planned for fiscal year 2019 for the training, support, and organization of the Department to effec-tively carry out responsibilities under sec-tion 383 of title 10, United States Code. (c) O
FFSET .—In section 4301 of division D, relating to operation and maintenance, Navy, reduce the amount for administration, Line 510, by $6,000,000. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . CRAWFORD  
OF ARKANSAS  At the end of subtitle E of title III, insert the following: 
SEC. 3ll. JOINT TASK FORCE FOR EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL AND COUN-TERING IMPROVISED EXPLOSIVE DEVICES IN UNITED STATES NORTH-ERN COMMAND. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the congressional defense committees an unclassified plan on how the United States Northern Command will organize a Joint Task Force for Explosive Ordnance Disposal and Countering Improvised Explosive De-vices, over the full range of military oper-ations, including— (1) combatant commander’s daily oper-ational requirements on joint mission com-mand of explosive ordnance disposal force planning; (2) protection of the Commander in Chief and critical infrastructures; and (3) immediate response assistance to civil authorities on improvised explosive devices, military munitions, and explosives technical advice provided at the incident scene. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required by sub-section (a) shall include each of the fol-lowing: (1) An identification of the person to whom the commander of the joint task force re-ports. (2) A description of how the Joint Task Force on Explosive Ordnance Disposal and Countering Improvised Explosive Devices would implement its responsibilities under sections 377, 380, 381, 382 and 383 of title 10 United States Code, and Department of De-fense Directives 5111.13 and 5111.18. (3) An example of the standing execution order of the Joint Chiefs that would identify the rotation of tactical units as forces for the Joint Task Force for Explosive Ordnance Disposal and Countering Improvised Explo-sive Devices during each of fiscal years 2020 through 2025. (4) A description of whether, in leveraging, integrating, and aligning United States Gov-ernment efforts, the joint task force plans to detail the explosive ordnance disposal quali-fied liaison personnel of the joint task force to, or host liaison personnel from, or a com-bination thereof at any of the following: (A) The National Joint Terrorism Task Force. (B) The National Explosives Task Force. (C) The Critical Incident Response Group. (D) The Terrorist Explosive Device Analyt-ical Center. (E) The Bomb Data Center. (F) The National Center for Explosives Training and Research. (G) The Hazardous Devices School. (H) The Office of Bombing Prevention. AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MS . MICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM OF NEW MEXICO  At the end of subtitle C of title V, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 528. ENTREPRENEURIAL SABBATICAL FOR SCIENTISTS EMPLOYED AT DEFENSE LABORATORIES. 
The Secretary of Defense may prescribe regulations that permit scientists employed at defense laboratories to take unpaid sabbaticals from such employment to work in the private sector. Such regulations may address issues including conflict of interest and the risk and impact to mission if critical positions are unfilled due to a sabbatical. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MS . KUSTER OF  
NEW HAMPSHIRE  At the end of subtitle B of title VII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 7ll. REPORT ON MHS GENESIS ELEC-TRONIC HEALTH RECORD SYSTEM. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report outlining the cor-rective actions that were taken based on the results of the Initial Operational Test and Evaluation Report prior to fielding the elec-tronic health record system known as MHS Genesis to additional military medical treat-ment facilities beyond such facilities partici-pating in the initial operational testing and evaluation of MHS Genesis. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . SCHNEIDER  
OF ILLINOIS  Page 368, after line 24, insert the following: (c) I
MPROVEMENTS TO TECHNICAL AND BUSI-
NESS ASSISTANCE .—Section 9(q) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(q)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘
ANDBUSINESS ’’ after ‘‘T ECHNICAL ’’; (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘a vendor selected under paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘1 or more ven-dors selected under paragraph (2)(A)’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘and business’’ before ‘‘as-sistance services’’; and (iii) by inserting ‘‘assistance with product sales, intellectual property protections, mar-ket research, market validation, and devel-opment of regulatory plans and manufac-turing plans,’’ after ‘‘technologies,’’; and (B) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding intellectual property protections’’ before the period at the end; (3) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘Each agency may select a vendor to assist small business concerns to meet’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each agency may select 1 or more vendors from which small business concerns may obtain assistance in meeting’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) S
ELECTION BY SMALL BUSINESS CON -
CERN .—A small business concern may, by contract or otherwise, select 1 or more ven-dors to assist the small business concern in meeting the goals listed in paragraph (1).’’; and (4) in paragraph (3)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ after ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ each place it appears; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘$5,000 per year’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘$6,500 per year’’; (C) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘$5,000 per year’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘$50,000 per project’’; and (ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘which shall be in addition to the amount of the recipi-ent’s award’’ and inserting ‘‘which may, as determined appropriate by the head of the agency, be included as part of the recipient’s award or be in addition to the amount of the recipient’s award’’; (D) in subparagraph (C)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or business’’ after ‘‘tech-nical’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘the vendor’’ and inserting ‘‘a vendor’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Business-related services aimed at improv-ing the commercialization success of a small business concern may be obtained from an entity, such as a public or private organiza-tion or an agency of or other entity estab-lished or funded by a State that facilitates or accelerates the commercialization of technologies or assists in the creation and growth of private enterprises that are com-mercializing technology.’’; (E) in subparagraph (D)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or business’’ after ‘‘tech-nical’’ each place it appears; and (ii) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘the vendor’’ and inserting ‘‘1 or more vendors’’; and (F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) MULTIPLE AWARD RECIPIENTS .—The Administrator shall establish a limit on the amount of technical and business assistance services that may be received or purchased under subparagraph (B) by a small business concern that has received multiple Phase II SBIR or STTR awards for a fiscal year.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . LAWSON OF  
FLORIDA  Page 381, after line 9, insert the following: 
SEC. 861. COMMERCIALIZATION ASSISTANCE PILOT PROGRAM. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(tt) C
OMMERCIALIZATION ASSISTANCE PILOT P
ROGRAMS .— ‘‘(1) P
ILOT PROGRAMS IMPLEMENTED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this sub-section, a covered agency shall implement a commercialization assistance pilot program, under which an eligible entity may receive a subsequent Phase II SBIR award. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—If the Administrator de-termines that a covered agency has a pro-gram that is sufficiently similar to the com-mercialization assistance pilot program es-tablished under this subsection, such covered agency shall not be required to implement a commercialization assistance pilot program under this subsection. ‘‘(2) P
ERCENT OF AGENCY FUNDS .—The head of each covered agency may allocate not more than 5 percent of the funds allocated to the SBIR program of the covered agency for the purpose of making a subsequent Phase II SBIR award under the commercialization as-sistance pilot program. ‘‘(3) T
ERMINATION .—A commercialization assistance pilot program established under this subsection shall terminate on Sep-tember 30, 2022. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICATION .—To be selected to re-ceive a subsequent Phase II SBIR award under a commercialization assistance pilot program, an eligible entity shall submit to the covered agency implementing such pilot program an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the covered agency may require, including— ‘‘(A) an updated Phase II commercializa-tion plan; and ‘‘(B) the source and amount of the match-ing funding required under paragraph (5). ‘‘(5) M
ATCHING FUNDING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall require, as a condition of any subsequent Phase II SBIR award made to an eligible en-tity under this subsection, that a matching amount (excluding any fees collected by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4609 May 23, 2018 
eligible entity receiving such award) equal to the amount of such award be provided from an eligible third-party investor. ‘‘(B) I
NELIGIBLE SOURCES .—An eligible enti-ty may not use funding from ineligible sources to meet the matching requirement of subparagraph (A). ‘‘(6) A
WARD .—A subsequent Phase II SBIR award made to an eligible entity under this subsection— ‘‘(A) may not exceed the limitation de-scribed under subsection (aa)(1); and ‘‘(B) shall be disbursed during Phase II. ‘‘(7) U
SE OF FUNDS .—The funds awarded to an eligible entity under this subsection may only be used for research and development activities that build on eligible entity’s Phase II program and ensure the research funded under such Phase II is rapidly pro-gressing towards commercialization. ‘‘(8) S
ELECTION .—In selecting eligible enti-ties to participate in a commercialization assistance pilot program under this sub-section, the head of a covered agency shall consider— ‘‘(A) the extent to which such award could aid the eligible entity in commercializing the research funded under the eligible enti-ty’s Phase II program; ‘‘(B) whether the updated Phase II com-mercialization plan submitted under para-graph (4) provides a sound approach for es-tablishing technical feasibility that could lead to commercialization of such research; ‘‘(C) whether the proposed activities to be conducted under such updated Phase II com-mercialization plan further improve the like-lihood that such research will provide soci-etal benefits; ‘‘(D) whether the small business concern has progressed satisfactorily in Phase II to justify receipt of a subsequent Phase II SBIR award; ‘‘(E) the expectations of the eligible third- party investor that provides matching fund-ing under paragraph (5); and ‘‘(F) the likelihood that the proposed ac-tivities to be conducted under such updated Phase II commercialization plan using matching funding provided by such eligible third-party investor will lead to commercial and societal benefit. ‘‘(9) E
VALUATION REPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of this subsection, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate, a report including— ‘‘(A) a summary of the activities of com-mercialization assistance pilot programs carried out under this subsection; ‘‘(B) a detailed compilation of results achieved by such commercialization assist-ance pilot programs, including the number of eligible entities that received awards under such programs; ‘‘(C) the rate at which each eligible entity that received a subsequent Phase II SBIR award under this subsection commercialized research of the recipient; ‘‘(D) the growth in employment and rev-enue of eligible entities that is attributable to participation in a commercialization as-sistance pilot program; ‘‘(E) a comparison of commercialization success of eligible entities participating in a commercialization assistance pilot program with recipients of an additional Phase II SBIR award under subsection (ff); ‘‘(F) demographic information, such as eth-nicity and geographic location, of eligible entities participating in a commercialization assistance pilot program; ‘‘(G) an accounting of the funds used at each covered agency that implements a com-mercialization assistance pilot program under this subsection; ‘‘(H) the amount of matching funding pro-vided by eligible third-party investors, set forth separately by source of funding; ‘‘(I) an analysis of the effectiveness of the commercialization assistance pilot program implemented by each covered agency; and ‘‘(J) recommendations for improvements to the commercialization assistance pilot program. ‘‘(10) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this subsection: ‘‘(A) C
OVERED AGENCY .—The term ‘covered agency’ means a Federal agency required to have an SBIR program. ‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means a small business concern that has received a Phase II award under an SBIR program and an additional Phase II SBIR award under subsection (ff) from the covered agency to which such small business concern is applying for a subsequent Phase II SBIR award. ‘‘(C) E
LIGIBLE THIRD -PARTY INVESTOR .—The term ‘eligible third-party investor’ means a small business concern other than an eligible entity, a venture capital firm, an individual investor, a non-SBIR Federal, State or local government, or any combination thereof. ‘‘(D) I
NELIGIBLE SOURCES .—The term ‘ineli-gible sources’ means the following: ‘‘(i) The eligible entity’s internal research and development funds. ‘‘(ii) Funding in forms other than cash, such as in-kind or other intangible assets. ‘‘(iii) Funding from the owners of the eligi-ble entity, or the family members or affili-ates of such owners. ‘‘(iv) Funding attained through loans or other forms of debt obligations. ‘‘(E) S
UBSEQUENT PHASE II SBIR AWARD .— The term ‘subsequent Phase II SBIR award’ means an award granted to an eligible entity under this subsection to carry out further commercialization activities for research conducted pursuant to an SBIR program.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MS . VELA´ZQUEZ  
OF NEW YORK  Page 381, after line 9, insert the following: 
SEC. 861. PUERTO RICO BUSINESSES. 
(a) D EFINITION OF PUERTO RICOBUSINESS .— Section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(ee) P
UERTO RICOBUSINESS .—In this Act, the term ‘Puerto Rico business’ means a small business concern that has its principal office located in the Commonwealth of Puer-to Rico.’’. (b) S
MALL BUSINESS CREDIT FOR PUERTO  R
ICOBUSINESSES .—Section 15 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(w) S
MALL BUSINESS CREDIT FOR PUERTO  R
ICOBUSINESSES .— ‘‘(1) C
REDIT FOR MEETING CONTRACTING  
GOALS .—If an agency awards a prime con-tract to Puerto Rico business during the pe-riod beginning on the date of enactment of this subsection and ending on the date that is 4 years after such date of enactment, the value of the contract shall be doubled for purposes of determining compliance with the goals for procurement contracts under sub-section (g)(1)(A)(i) during such period. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—Along with the report re-quired under subsection (h)(1), the head of each Federal agency shall submit to the Ad-ministrator, and make publicly available on the scorecard described in section 868(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (15 U.S.C. 644 note), an anal-ysis of the number and dollar amount of prime contracts awarded pursuant to para-graph (1) for each fiscal year of the period de-scribed in such paragraph.’’. (c) PRIORITY FOR SURPLUS PROPERTY  T
RANSFERS .—Section 7(j)(13)(F) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(j)(13)(F)) is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii)(I) In this clause, the term ‘covered period’ means the period beginning on the date of enactment of this clause and ending on the date on which the Oversight Board es-tablished under section 101 of the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act (48 U.S.C. 2121) terminates. ‘‘(II) The Administrator may transfer tech-nology or surplus property under clause (i) to a Puerto Rico business if the Puerto Rico business meets the requirements for such a transfer, without regard to whether the Puerto Rico business is a Program Partici-pant.’’. (d) C
ONTRACTING INCENTIVES FOR PROTEGE  F
IRMS THATAREPUERTO RICOBUSINESSES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 45(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657r(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(3) P
UERTO RICO BUSINESSES .—During the period beginning on the date of enactment of this paragraph and ending on the date on which the Oversight Board established under section 101 of the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act (48 U.S.C. 2121) terminates, the Adminis-trator shall identify potential incentives to a covered mentor that awards a subcontract to its covered protege, including— ‘‘(A) positive consideration in any past per-formance evaluation of the covered mentor; ‘‘(B) the application of costs incurred for providing training to such covered protege to the subcontracting plan (as required under paragraph (4) or (5) of section 8(d)) of the covered mentor; and ‘‘(C) such other incentives as the Adminis-trator determines appropriate.’’. (2) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 45(d) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657r(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graphs: ‘‘(4) C
OVERED MENTOR .—The term ‘covered mentor’ means a mentor that enters into an agreement under this Act, or under any men-tor-protege program approved under sub-section (b)(1), with a covered protege. ‘‘(5) C
OVERED PROTEGE .—The term ‘covered protege’ means a protege of a covered men-tor that is a Puerto Rico business.’’. (e) A
DDITIONAL MENTOR -PROTEGE RELATION -
SHIPS FOR PROTEGE FIRMS THATAREPUERTO  R
ICOBUSINESSES .—Section 45(b)(3)(A) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657r(b)(3)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, except that such re-strictions shall not apply to up to 2 mentor- protege relationships if such relationships are between a covered protege and covered mentor’’ after ‘‘each participant’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MS . CLARKE OF  
NEW YORK  Page 381, after line 9, insert the following: 
SEC. 861. UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS SMALL BUSINESS CONTRACTING AS-SISTANCE. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘United States Virgin Islands Small Business Contracting Assistance Act of 2018’’. (b) D
EFINITION OF UNITED STATES VIRGIN IS-
LANDS BUSINESS .—Section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(ee) U
NITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS BUSI-
NESS.—In this Act, the term ‘United States Virgin Islands business’ means a small busi-ness concern that has its principal office lo-cated in the United States Virgin Islands.’’. (c) S
MALL BUSINESS CREDIT FOR UNITED  S
TATES VIRGIN ISLANDS BUSINESSES .—Sec- tion 15 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4610 May 23, 2018 
644) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(w) S
MALL BUSINESS CREDIT FOR UNITED  S
TATES VIRGIN ISLANDS BUSINESSES .— ‘‘(1) C
REDIT FOR MEETING CONTRACTING  
GOALS .—If an agency awards a prime con-tract to United States Virgin Islands busi-ness during the period beginning on the date of enactment of this subsection and ending on the date that is 4 years after such date of enactment, the value of the contract shall be doubled for purposes of determining compli-ance with the goals for procurement con-tracts under subsection (g)(1)(A)(i) during such period. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—Along with the report re-quired under subsection (h)(1), the head of each Federal agency shall submit to the Ad-ministrator, and make publicly available on the scorecard described in section 868(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (15 U.S.C. 644 note), an anal-ysis of the number and dollar amount of prime contracts awarded pursuant to para-graph (1) for each fiscal year of the period de-scribed in such paragraph.’’. (d) P
RIORITY FOR SURPLUS PROPERTY  T
RANSFERS .—Section 7(j)(13)(F) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(j)(13)(F)) is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii)(I) In this clause, the term ‘covered period’ means the period beginning on the date of enactment of this clause and ending on the date that is 3 years after such date of enactment. ‘‘(II) The Administrator may transfer tech-nology or surplus property under clause (i) to a United States Virgin Islands business during the covered period if the such busi-ness meets the requirements for such a transfer, without regard to whether such business is a Program Participant.’’. (e) C
ONTRACTING INCENTIVES FOR PROTEGE  F
IRMS THAT AREUNITED STATES VIRGIN IS-
LANDS BUSINESSES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 45(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657r(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(3) U
NITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS BUSI -
NESSES .—During the period beginning on the date of enactment of this paragraph and end-ing on the date that is 3 years after such date of enactment, the Administrator shall identify potential incentives to a covered mentor that awards a subcontract to its cov-ered protege, including— ‘‘(A) positive consideration in any past per-formance evaluation of the covered mentor; ‘‘(B) the application of costs incurred for providing training to such covered protege to the subcontracting plan (as required under paragraph (4) or (5) of section 8(d)) of the covered mentor; and ‘‘(C) such other incentives as the Adminis-trator determines appropriate.’’. (2) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 45(d) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657r(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graphs: ‘‘(4) C
OVERED MENTOR .—The term ‘covered mentor’ means a mentor that enters into an agreement under this Act, or under any men-tor-protege program approved under sub-section (b)(1), with a covered protege. ‘‘(5) C
OVERED PROTEGE .—The term ‘covered protege’ means a protege of a covered men-tor that is a United States Virgin Islands business.’’. (f) A
DDITIONAL MENTOR -PROTEGE RELATION -
SHIPS FOR PROTEGE FIRMS THATAREUNITED  S
TATES VIRGIN ISLANDS BUSINESSES .—Sec- tion 45(b)(3)(A) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657r(b)(3)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, except that, during the 3-year period be-ginning on the date of the enactment of the United States Virgin Islands Small Business Contracting Assistance Act of 2018, such re-strictions shall not apply to up to 2 mentor- protege relationships if such relationships are between a covered protege and covered mentor’’ after ‘‘each participant’’. AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MRS . HARTZLER  
OF MISSOURI  Page 399, line 9, insert ‘‘
ORVIDEO SURVEIL -
LANCE ’’ after ‘‘T ELECOMMUNICATIONS ’’. Page 399, line 19, insert ‘‘or video surveil-lance’’ before ‘‘equipment’’. Page 400, line 23, insert ‘‘or video surveil-lance’’ before ‘‘equipment’’. Page 401, line 2, insert ‘‘or video surveil-lance’’ before ‘‘equipment’’. Page 401, line 8, insert ‘‘or video surveil-lance’’ before ‘‘equipment’’. Page 401, line 21, insert ‘‘, Hytera Commu-nications Corporation, Hangzhou Hikvision Digital Technology Company, Dahua Tech-nology Company,’’ before ‘‘or ZTE’’. Page 402, line 15, insert ‘‘or video surveil-lance’’ before ‘‘equipment’’. Page 402, line 17, insert ‘‘or video surveil-lance’’ before ‘‘equipment’’. Page 402, line 19, insert ‘‘, Hytera Commu-nications Corporation, Hangzhou Hikvision Digital Technology Company, Dahua Tech-nology Company,’’ before ‘‘or ZTE’’. Page 402, line 22, insert ‘‘or video surveil-lance’’ before ‘‘services’’. Page 403, line 1, insert ‘‘or video surveil-lance’’ before ‘‘equipment’’. Page 403, line 12, insert ‘‘or video surveil-lance’’ before ‘‘equipment’’. Page 403, line 14, insert ‘‘, Hytera Commu-nications Corporation, Hangzhou Hikvision Digital Technology Company, Dahua Tech-nology Company,’’ after ‘‘Company’’. Page 404, line 2, insert ‘‘, Hytera, Hikvision, Dahua,’’ after ‘‘Huawei’’. Page 404, line 14, insert ‘‘State and local governments’’ after ‘‘companies’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 18 OFFERED BY MR . MCCAUL OF  
TEXAS  Page 399, beginning line 21, insert after the period the following new sentence: ‘‘The pro-hibitions described in this paragraph include the obligation or expenditure of loans or grant funds to procure or obtain, extend or renew a contract to procure or obtain, or enter into a contract (or extend or renew a contract) to procure or obtain covered tele-communications equipment or services.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MS . VELA´ZQUEZ  
OF NEW YORK  Add at the end of subtitle E of title VIII the following new section: 
SEC. 8ll. OPPORTUNITIES FOR EMPLOYEE- OWNED BUSINESS CONCERNS THROUGH SMALL BUSINESS ADMIN-ISTRATION LOAN PROGRAMS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this Act— (1) the terms ‘‘Administration’’ and ‘‘Ad-ministrator’’ means the Small Business Ad-ministration and the Administrator thereof, respectively; (2) the term ‘‘cooperative’’ means an entity that is determined to be a cooperative by the Administrator, in accordance with applica-ble Federal and State laws and regulations; (3) the term ‘‘employee-owned business concern’’ means— (A) a cooperative; and (B) a qualified employee trust; (4) the terms ‘‘qualified employee trust’’ and ‘‘small business concern’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632); and (5) the term ‘‘small business development center’’ means a small business development center described in section 21 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648). (b) E
XPANSION OF 7(A) LOANS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 7(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (15)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘this subsection to qualified employee trusts’’ and inserting ‘‘this sub-section— ‘‘(i) to qualified employee trusts’’; (II) in clause (i), as so designated— (aa) by inserting ‘‘, and for any transaction costs associated with purchasing,’’ after ‘‘purchasing’’; (bb) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) to a small business concern under a plan approved by the Administrator, if the proceeds from the loan are only used to make a loan to a qualified employee trust, and for any transaction costs associated with making that loan, that results in the qualified employee trust owning at least 51 percent of the small business concern.’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-serting ‘‘or by the small business concern’’ after ‘‘the trustee of such trust’’; (II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (III) in clause (iii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, and’’; and (IV) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) with respect to a loan made to a trust, or to a cooperative in accordance with paragraph (35)— ‘‘(I) a seller of the small business concern may remain involved as an officer, director, or key employee of the small business con-cern when a qualified employee trust or co-operative has acquired 100 percent of owner-ship of the small business concern; and ‘‘(II) any seller of the small business con-cern who remains as an owner of the small business concern, regardless of the percent-age of ownership interest, shall be required to provide a personal guarantee by the Ad-ministration.’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) A small business concern that makes a loan to a qualified employee trust under subparagraph (A)(ii) is not required to con-tain the same terms and conditions as the loan made to the small business concern that is guaranteed by the Administration under such subparagraph. ‘‘(G) With respect to a loan made to a qualified employee trust under this para-graph, or to a cooperative in accordance with paragraph (35), the Administrator may, as deemed appropriate, elect to not require any mandatory equity to be provided by the qualified employee trust or cooperative to make the loan.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(35) LOANS TO COOPERATIVES .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the term ‘cooperative’ means an entity that is determined to be a cooperative by the Ad-ministrator, in accordance with applicable Federal and State laws and regulation. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORITY .—The Administration shall guarantee loans made to a cooperative for the purpose described in paragraph (15).’’. (2) D
ELEGATION OF AUTHORITY TO PRE -
FERRED LENDERS .—Section 5(b)(7) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 634(b)(7)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, including loans guaranteed under paragraph (15) or (35) of section 7(a)’’ after ‘‘deferred participation loans’’. (c) S
MALL BUSINESS INVESTMENT COMPANY  P
ROGRAM OUTREACH .—The Administrator shall provide outreach and educational ma-terials to companies licensed under section 301(c) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 681(c)) to increase the use of funds to make investments in company tran-sitions to employee-owned business con-cerns. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4611 May 23, 2018 
(d) S MALL BUSINESS MICROLOAN PROGRAM  O
UTREACH .—The Administrator shall provide outreach and educational materials to inter-mediaries under section 7(m) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)) to increase the use of funds to make loans to employee- owned business concerns, including transi-tions to employee-owned business concerns. (e) S
MALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTER  O
UTREACH AND ASSISTANCE .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator shall establish a Small Business Employee Ownership and Cooperatives Promotion Pro-gram to offer technical assistance and train-ing on the transition to employee ownership through cooperatives and qualified employee trusts. (2) S
MALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CEN -
TERS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pro-gram established under subsection (a), the Administrator shall enter into agreements with small business development centers under which the centers shall— (i) provide access to information and re-sources on employee ownership through co-operatives or qualified employee trusts as a business succession strategy; (ii) conduct training and educational ac-tivities; and (iii) carry out the activities described in subparagraph (U) of section 21(c)(3) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(c)(3)). (B) A
DDITIONAL SERVICES .—Section 21(c)(3) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(c)(3)) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (S), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (T), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(U) encouraging and assisting the provi-sion of succession planning to small business concerns with a focus on transitioning to co-operatives, as defined in section 7(a)(35), and qualified employee trusts (collectively re-ferred to in this subparagraph as ‘employee- owned business concerns’), including by— ‘‘(i) providing training to individuals to promote the successful management, govern-ance, or operation of a business purchased by those individuals in the formation of an em-ployee-owned business concern; ‘‘(ii) assisting employee-owned business concerns that meet applicable size standards established under section 3(a) with education and technical assistance with respect to fi-nancing and contracting programs adminis-tered by the Administration; ‘‘(iii) coordinating with lenders on con-ducting outreach on financing through pro-grams administered by the Administration that may be used to support the transition of ownership to employees; ‘‘(iv) supporting small business concerns in exploring or assessing the possibility of transitioning to an employee-owned business concern; and ‘‘(v) coordinating with the cooperative de-velopment centers of the Department of Ag-riculture, the land grant extension network, the Manufacturing Extension Partnership, community development financial institu-tions, employee ownership associations and service providers, and local, regional and na-tional cooperative associations.’’. (f) I
NTERAGENCY WORKING GROUP .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator (or a designee of the Adminis-trator) shall coordinate and chair an inter-agency working group, which shall— (A) develop recommendations on how Fed-eral programs can promote, support, and in-crease the number of employee-owned busi-ness concerns; (B) ensure coordination with Federal agen-cies and national and local employee owner-ship, cooperative, and small business organi-zations; and (C) publish a report on the activities of the interagency working group that is indexed and maintained for public review. (2) MEETINGS .—The interagency working group shall meet at such times as deter-mined necessary by the, but not less than bi-annually. Such meetings may occur in per-son or via electronic resources. (g) A
MENDMENT TO REPORT TO CONGRESS ON  S
TATUS OF EMPLOYEE -OWNED FIRMS.—Section 7(a)(15)(E) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)(15)(E)) is amended by striking ‘‘Administration.’’ and inserting ‘‘Adminis-tration, which shall include— ‘‘(i) the total number of loans made to em-ployee-owned business concerns that were guaranteed by the Administrator under sec-tion 7(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)) or section 502 of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 696), includ-ing the number of loans made— ‘‘(I) to small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically dis-advantaged individuals; and ‘‘(II) to cooperatives; ‘‘(ii) the total number of financings made to employee-owned business concerns by companies licensed under section 301(c) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 696(c)), including the number of financings made— ‘‘(I) to small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically dis-advantaged individuals; and ‘‘(II) to cooperatives; and ‘‘(iii) any outreach and educational activi-ties conducted by the Administration with respect to employee-owned business con-cerns.’’. (h) R
EPORT ON COOPERATIVE LENDING .— (1) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that cooperatives have a unique business structure and are unable to access the lending programs of the Administration effectively due to loan guarantee require-ments that are incompatible with the busi-ness structure of cooperatives. (2) S
TUDY AND REPORT .— (A) S
TUDY .—The Administrator, in coordi-nation with lenders, stakeholders, and Fed-eral agencies, shall study and recommend practical alternatives for cooperatives that will satisfy the loan guarantee requirements of the Administration. (B) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall submit to Congress the rec-ommendations developed under paragraph (1) and a plan to implement such recommenda-tions. (i) A
MENDMENT TO DEFINITION OF QUALIFIED  E
MPLOYEE TRUST .—Section 3(c)(2)(A)(ii) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(c)(2)(A)(ii)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(ii) which provides that each participant is entitled to direct the plan trustee as to the manner of how to vote the qualified em-ployer securities (as defined in section 4975(e)(8) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986), which are allocated to the account of such participant with respect to a corporate matter which (by law or charter) must be de-cided by a vote conducted in accordance with section 409(e) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MR . NORMAN OF  
SOUTH CAROLINA  At the end of subtitle F of title VIII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 8ll. REPORT ON FUNDING OF PRODUCT SUPPORT STRATEGIES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—For each of the fis-cal years 2020, 2021, and 2022, the Secretary of Defense shall include with the budget for the Department of Defense, as submitted to Con-gress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, a report regarding the funding for product support strategies for major weapon systems. The Secretary may submit this report separately, or as part of the annex required by section 347 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). (b) CONTENTS .—The report shall include for each major weapon system— (1) a current estimate of the total funding required for the product support strategy for the lifecycle of the weapon system; (2) a current estimate of the funding re-quired for the product support strategy per year, by appropriation and budget activity, over the future years defense program for the weapon system; (3) a summary of the funding requested for the product support strategy in the future years defense program per year, by appro-priation and budget activity, for the weapon system; (4) should the amounts required pursuant to paragraph (2) differ from the amounts re-quested pursuant to paragraph (3) by more than 5 percent, an explanation for the vari-ance and a description of the actions that will be taken to mitigate the risk to the sustainment of the weapon system; (5) a summary of the amounts expended, by appropriation and budget activity, for the product support strategy of the weapon sys-tem during the prior fiscal year; and (6) should the amounts expended in the prior fiscal year pursuant to paragraph (5) differ from the amounts required for that fis-cal year, pursuant to paragraph (2) by more than 5 percent, an explanation for the vari-ance and a description of the actions that will be taken to mitigate the risk to the sustainment of the weapon system. 
AMENDMENT NO . 23 OFFERED BY MR . POLIQUIN  
OF MAINE  Page 430, after line 20, insert the following: (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to encourage or require the termination of any personnel or positions within the Defense Finance and Accounting Services. 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MR . WILSON OF  
SOUTH CAROLINA  Page 467, line 19, strike ‘‘shall’’ and insert ‘‘should’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MR . RUSSELL  
OF OKLAHOMA  At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the following new section: 
SEC. 10ll. EVALUATION OF PILOT SAFETY BY MILITARY AVIATION AND INSTALLA-TION ASSURANCE SITING CLEARING-HOUSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 183a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘unacceptable risk to the national security of the United States’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘unacceptable risk to military operations and readiness’’; and (2) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘pilot safety,’’ after ‘‘flight operations,’’; and (B) by amending paragraph (7) to read as follows: ‘‘(7) The term ‘unacceptable risk to mili-tary operations and readiness’ means the construction, alteration, establishment, or expansion, or the proposed construction, al-teration, establishment, or expansion, of a structure or sanitary landfill, that the Sec-retary of Defense can demonstrate would— ‘‘(A) endanger safety in air commerce di-rectly related to the activities of the Depart-ment of Defense; ‘‘(B) interfere with the efficient use of the navigable airspace directly related to the ac-tivities of the Department of Defense; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4612 May 23, 2018 
‘‘(C) significantly impair or degrade the ca-pability of the Department of Defense to— ‘‘(i) ensure pilot safety; ‘‘(ii) conduct training, research, develop-ment, testing, and evaluation, and oper-ations; or ‘‘(iii) maintain military readiness.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 44718 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘unacceptable risk to the national security of the United States’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘unac-ceptable risk to military operations and readiness’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MR . HASTINGS  
OF FLORIDA  At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the following new section: 
SEC. 10ll REPORT ON USE AND AVAILABILITY OF MILITARY INSTALLATIONS FOR DISASTER RESPONSE. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port that identifies— (1) each military installation that has been made available to the Department of Home-land Security for disaster response for the past 10 fiscal years; and (2) military installations assessed to be available in support of fast response to disas-ters. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) For each military installation identi-fied under subsection (a)(1)— (A) the name of the installation; (B) the location of the installation, includ-ing the State and Congressional District; (C) a description of the infrastructure and equipment made available at the installa-tion; and (D) a description of personnel made avail-able for disaster response. (2) For each military installation identi-fied under subsection (a)(2)— (A) the name of the installation; (B) the location of the installation, includ-ing the State and Congressional District; (C) a description of the infrastructure and equipment to be available at the installa-tion; and (D) a description of personnel to be avail-able for disaster response. 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MR . ADAMS OF  
NORTH CAROLINA  At the end of subtitle G of title X of the bill, add the following new section: 
SEC. 10ll. PROMOTING FEDERAL PROCURE-MENT WITH HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES AND MINORITY INSTITUTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The head of an executive agency, or a contracting officer where appli-cable, shall— (1) assist historically Black colleges and universities and minority institutions to de-velop viable, self-sustaining businesses capa-ble of competing on an equal basis in the mainstream of the United States economy; and (2) promote Federal procurement with his-torically Black colleges and universities and minority institutions by establishing— (A) participation goals of not less than 10 percent for historically Black colleges and universities and minority institutions; (B) requirements that prime contractors and other recipients of Federal funds attain similar participation goals in their procure-ment; and (C) other mechanisms that ensure histori-cally Black colleges and universities and mi-nority institutions have a fair opportunity to participate in Federal procurement. (b) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘executive agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 133 of title 41, United States Code. (2) The term ‘‘historically Black college and university’’ has the meaning given that term in section 631 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1132). (3) The term ‘‘minority institution’’ has the meaning given that term in section 365 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1067k). 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY MR . SESSIONS  
OF TEXAS  Page 512, beginning line 20, insert the fol-lowing: (b) D
ISTRIBUTION OF CORPORATION ASSIST -
ANCE ABROAD THROUGH DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE .— (1) A
CCEPTANCE AND COORDINATION OF AS -
SISTANCE .—The Secretary of Defense may, subject to the availability of appropriations for such purpose, and in accordance with guidance reviewed or issued under section 1088 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) and guidance issued by the Secretary devel-oped with the concurrence of the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment— (A) accept from Spirit of America, a feder-ally-charted corporation under chapter 2005 of title 36, United States Code (as added by subsection (a) of this section), humanitarian, economic, and other nonlethal assistance funded by private funds in the carrying out of the purposes of the corporation; and (B) respond to requests from the corpora-tion for the identification of the needs of local populations abroad for assistance, and coordinate with the corporation in the provi-sion and distribution of such assistance, in the carrying out of such purposes. (2) D
ISTRIBUTION OF ASSISTANCE TO LOCAL  
POPULATIONS .—In accordance with guidance issued by the Secretary of Defense developed with the concurrence of the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, members of the Armed Forces abroad may provide to local populations abroad hu-manitarian, economic, and other nonlethal assistance provided to the Department by the corporation pursuant to this subsection. (3) S
COPE OF GUIDANCE .—The guidance issued pursuant to this subsection shall en-sure that any assistance distributed pursu-ant to this subsection shall be for purposes of supporting the mission or missions of the Department of Defense and the Armed Forces for which such assistance is provided by the corporation. (4) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SUPPORT FOR  
CORPORATION ACTIVITIES .—In accordance with guidance issued by the Secretary of Defense, the Department of Defense and the Armed Forces may, subject to the availability of ap-propriations for such purpose— (A) provide transportation, lodging, stor-age, and other logistical support— (i) to personnel of the corporation (whether in the United States or abroad) who are car-rying out the purposes of the corporation; and (ii) in connection with the acceptance and distribution of assistance provided by the corporation; and (B) use assets of the Department and the Armed Forces in the provision of support de-scribed in subparagraph (A). 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
WASHINGTON  Add at the end of title X the following: SEC. ll. CLARIFICATION OF REIMBURSABLE AL-LOWED COSTS OF FAA MEMORANDA OF AGREEMENT. 
Section 47504(c)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (D) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (E) by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) to an airport operator of a congested airport (as defined in section 47175) and a unit of local government referred to in para-graph (1)(B) to carry out a project to miti-gate noise, if the project— ‘‘(i) consists of— ‘‘(I) replacement windows, doors, and the installation of through-the-wall air condi-tioning units; or ‘‘(II) acquisition and installation of the windows, doors, and other noise mitigation elements to be used in a school reconstruc-tion if reconstruction is the preferred local solution; ‘‘(ii) is located at a school near the airport; and ‘‘(iii) is included in a memorandum of agreement entered into before September 30, 2002, even if the airport has not met the re-quirements of part 150 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, and only if the finan-cial limitations of the memorandum are ap-plied.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MR . JODY B . 
HICE OF GEORGIA  Page 564, after line 11, insert the following: 
SEC. 11ll. PRESIDENTIAL ALLOWANCE MOD-ERNIZATION. 
(a) F ORMER PRESIDENTS .—The first section of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to provide retire-ment, clerical assistants, and free mailing privileges to former Presidents of the United States, and for other purposes’’, approved August 25, 1958 (commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’) (3 U.S.C. 102 note), is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (h) and (i), respectively; (2) by striking the matter preceding sub-section (e) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) A
NNUITIES AND ALLOWANCES .— ‘‘(1) A
NNUITY .—Each former President shall be entitled to receive from the United States an annuity, subject to subsections (b) and (c)— ‘‘(A) at the rate of $200,000 per year; and ‘‘(B) which shall commence on the day after the date on which an individual be-comes a former President. ‘‘(2) A
LLOWANCE .—The General Services Administration is authorized to provide each former President a monetary allowance, sub-ject to appropriations and subsections (b), (c), and (d), at the rate of— ‘‘(A) $500,000 per year for 5 years beginning on the day after the last day of the period described in the first sentence of section 5 of the Presidential Transition Act of 1963 (3 U.S.C. 102 note); ‘‘(B) $350,000 per year for the 5 years fol-lowing the 5-year period under subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(C) $250,000 per year thereafter. ‘‘(b) D
URATION ; FREQUENCY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The annuity and mone-tary allowance under subsection (a) shall— ‘‘(A) terminate on the date that is 30 days after the date on which the former President dies; and ‘‘(B) be payable by the Secretary of the Treasury on a monthly basis. ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTIVE OR ELECTIVE POSITIONS .— The annuity and monetary allowance under subsection (a) shall not be payable for any period during which a former President holds an appointive or elective position in or under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4613 May 23, 2018 
the Federal Government to which is at-tached a rate of pay other than a nominal rate. ‘‘(c) C
OST-OF-LIVING INCREASES .—Effective December 1 of each year, each annuity and monetary allowance under subsection (a) that commenced before that date shall be in-creased by the same percentage by which benefit amounts under title II of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 401 et seq.) are in-creased, effective as of that date, as a result of a determination under section 215(i) of that Act (42 U.S.C. 415(i)). ‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON MONETARY ALLOW -
ANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, the monetary allowance payable under subsection (a)(2) to a former President for any 12-month period— ‘‘(A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), may not exceed the amount by which— ‘‘(i) the monetary allowance that (but for this subsection) would otherwise be so pay-able for the 12-month period, exceeds (if at all) ‘‘(ii) the applicable reduction amount for the 12-month period; and ‘‘(B) shall not be less than the amount de-termined under paragraph (4). ‘‘(2) D
EFINITION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of para-graph (1), the term ‘applicable reduction amount’ means, with respect to any former President and in connection with any 12- month period, the amount by which— ‘‘(i) the earned income (as defined in sec-tion 32(c)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) of the former President for the most re-cent taxable year for which a tax return is available, exceeds (if at all) ‘‘(ii) $400,000, subject to subparagraph (C). ‘‘(B) J
OINT RETURNS .—In the case of a joint return, subparagraph (A)(i) shall be applied by taking into account both the amounts properly allocable to the former President and the amounts properly allocable to the spouse of the former President. ‘‘(C) C
OST-OF-LIVING INCREASES .—The dollar amount specified in subparagraph (A)(ii) shall be adjusted at the same time that, and by the same percentage by which, the mone-tary allowance of the former President is in-creased under subsection (c) (disregarding this subsection). ‘‘(3) D
ISCLOSURE REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph— ‘‘(i) the terms ‘return’ and ‘return informa-tion’ have the meanings given those terms in section 6103(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and ‘‘(ii) the term ‘Secretary’ means the Sec-retary of the Treasury or the Secretary of the Treasury’s delegate. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT .—A former President may not receive a monetary allowance under subsection (a)(2) unless the former President discloses to the Secretary, upon the request of the Secretary, any return or return infor-mation of the former President or spouse of the former President that the Secretary de-termines is necessary for purposes of calcu-lating the applicable reduction amount under paragraph (2) of this subsection. ‘‘(C) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .—Except as provided in section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the Secretary may not, with re-spect to a return or return information dis-closed to the Secretary under subparagraph (B)— ‘‘(i) disclose the return or return informa-tion to any entity or person; or ‘‘(ii) use the return or return information for any purpose other than to calculate the applicable reduction amount under para-graph (2). ‘‘(4) I
NCREASED COSTS DUE TO SECURITY  
NEEDS .—With respect to the monetary allow-ance that would be payable to a former President under subsection (a)(2) for any 12- month period but for the limitation under paragraph (1) of this subsection, the Admin-istrator of General Services, in coordination with the Director of the United States Se-cret Service, shall determine the amount of the monetary allowance that is needed to pay the increased cost of doing business that is attributable to the security needs of the former President.’’; (3) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(f) OFFICE STAFF .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator of General Services shall, without regard to the civil service and classification laws, provide for each former President an office staff of not more than 13 individuals, at the request of the former President, on a reimbursable basis. ‘‘(2) C
OMPENSATION .—The annual rate of compensation payable to any individual under paragraph (1) shall not exceed the highest annual rate of basic pay for positions at level II of the Executive Schedule under section 5313 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(3) S
ELECTION ; RESPONSIBILITY .—An indi- vidual employed under this subsection— ‘‘(A) shall be selected by the former Presi-dent; and ‘‘(B) shall be responsible only to the former President for the performance of duties. ‘‘(g) O
FFICE SPACE AND RELATED FUR-
NISHINGS AND EQUIPMENT .— ‘‘(1) O
FFICE SPACE .—The Administrator of General Services (referred to in this sub-section as the ‘Administrator’) shall, at the request of a former President, on a reimburs-able basis provide for the former President suitable office space, as determined by the Administrator, at a place within the United States specified by the former President. ‘‘(2) F
URNISHINGS AND EQUIPMENT .— ‘‘(A) R
EIMBURSABLE .—The Administrator may, at the request of a former President, provide the former President with suitable office furnishings and equipment on a reim-bursable basis. ‘‘(B) W
ITHOUT REIMBURSEMENT .— ‘‘(i) G
RANDFATHERED FORMER PRESIDENTS .— In the case of any individual who is a former President on the date of enactment of the Presidential Allowance Modernization Act of 2017, the former President may retain with-out reimbursement any furniture and equip-ment in the possession of the former Presi-dent. ‘‘(ii) P
RESIDENTIAL TRANSITION ACT .—A former President may retain without reim-bursement any furniture or equipment ac-quired under section 5 of the Presidential Transition Act of 1963 (3 U.S.C. 102 note). ‘‘(iii) E
XCESS FURNITURE AND EQUIPMENT .— The Administrator may provide excess fur-niture and equipment to the office of a former President at no cost other than nec-essary transportation costs.’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) A
PPLICABILITY .—Subsections (f), (g) (other than paragraph (2)(B)(i) of that sub-section), and (i) shall apply with respect to a former President on and after the day after the last day of the period described in the first sentence of section 5 of the Presidential Transition Act of 1963 (3 U.S.C. 102 note).’’. (b) S
URVIVING SPOUSES OF FORMER PRESI-
DENTS .— (1) I
NCREASE IN AMOUNT OF MONETARY AL -
LOWANCE .—Subsection (e) of the first section of the Former Presidents Act of 1958 is amended— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘$20,000 per annum,’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000 per year (subject to paragraph (4)),’’; and (B) in the second sentence— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in paragraph (3)— (I) by striking ‘‘or the government of the District of Columbia’’; and (II) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by inserting after paragraph (3) the following: ‘‘(4) shall, after its commencement date, be increased at the same time that, and by the same percentage by which, annuities of former Presidents are increased under sub-section (c).’’. (2) COVERAGE OF WIDOWER OF A FORMER  
PRESIDENT .—Subsection (e) of the first sec-tion of the Former Presidents Act of 1958, as amended by paragraph (1), is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘widow’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘widow or widower’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘she’’ and inserting ‘‘she or he’’. (c) S
UBSECTION HEADINGS .—The first sec-tion of the Former Presidents Act of 1958 is amended— (1) in subsection (e), by inserting after the subsection enumerator the following: ‘‘W
ID-
OWS AND WIDOWERS .—’’; (2) in subsection (h) (as redesignated by subsection (a)(1)), by inserting after the sub-section enumerator the following: ‘‘D
EFINI -
TION.—’’; and (3) in subsection (i) (as redesignated by subsection (a)(1)), by inserting after the sub-section enumerator the following: ‘‘A
UTHOR -
IZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) T
ITLE 5 .—Subpart G of part III of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) in section 8101(1)(E), by striking ‘‘1(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘1(f)’’; (B) in section 8331(1)(I), by striking ‘‘1(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘1(f)’’; (C) in section 8701(a)(9), by striking ‘‘1(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘1(f)’’; and (D) in section 8901(1)(H) by striking ‘‘1(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘1(f)’’. (2) P
RESIDENTIAL TRANSITION ACT OF 1963 .— Section 5 of the Presidential Transition Act of 1963 (3 U.S.C. 102 note) is amended by striking the last sentence. (e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section or an amendment made by this section shall be construed to affect— (1) any provision of law relating to the se-curity or protection of a former President or a member of the family of a former Presi-dent; (2) funding, under the Former Presidents Act of 1958 or any other law, to carry out any provision of law described in paragraph (1); or (3) funding for any office space lease in ef-fect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act under subsection (c) of the first section of the Former Presidents Act of 1958 (as in effect on the day before the date of en-actment of this Act) until the expiration date contained in the lease, if the lease was submitted to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Rep-resentatives on April 12, 2017. (f) T
RANSITION RULES .— (1) F
ORMER PRESIDENTS .—In the case of any individual who is a former President on the date of enactment of this Act, the amend-ments made by subsection (a) shall be ap-plied as if the commencement date referred in subsections (a)(1)(B) and (a)(2)(A) of the first section of the Former Presidents Act of 1958, as amended by subsection (a), coincided with the date that is 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (2) W
IDOWS .—In the case of any individual who is the widow of a former President on the date of enactment of this Act, the amendments made by subsection (b)(1) shall be applied as if the commencement date re-ferred to in subsection (e)(1) of the first sec-tion of the Former Presidents Act of 1958, as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4614 May 23, 2018 
amended by subsection (b)(1), coincided with the date that is 180 days after the date of en-actment of this Act. (g) A
PPLICABILITY .—For a former President receiving a monetary allowance under the Former Presidents Act of 1958 on the day be-fore the date of enactment of this Act, the limitation under subsection (d)(1) of the first section of that Act, as amended by sub-section (a), shall apply to the monetary al-lowance of the former President, except to the extent that the application of the limita-tion would prevent the former President from being able to pay the cost of a lease or other contract that is in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act and under which the former President makes payments using the monetary allowance, as determined by the Administrator of General Services. 
AMENDMENT NO . 33 OFFERED BY MR . MEADOWS  
OF NORTH CAROLINA  At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12l. LIMITATION ON ASSISTANCE TO THE MINISTRY OF THE INTERIOR OF THE GOVERNMENT OF IRAQ. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act for assist-ance to the Ministry of the Interior of the Government of Iraq may be obligated or ex-pended until the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State jointly certify to the appropriate congressional committees that such funds, including funds for the provision of intelligence sharing, will not be disbursed by the United States to any group that is, or that is known to be affiliated with, the Ira-nian Revolutionary Guard Corps–Quds Force or other state sponsor of terrorism. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter until the Iraq Train and Equip Fund is no longer in effect, the Sec-retary of State should submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report on the implementation of this section. (c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MRS . DEMINGS  
OF FLORIDA  At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12ll. REPORT ON KREMLIN-LINKED COR-RUPTION. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the intelligence community should dedicate resources to further expose key net-works which the corrupt political class in Russia uses to hide the money it steals; and (2) the President should pursue efforts to stifle Russian use of hidden financial chan-nels, including anonymous shell companies and real estate investments, in a manner similar to the efforts undertaken to tighten banking regulations after the terrorist at-tacks on September 11, 2001. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury, in coordination with the Secretary of State and in consulta-tion with the Director of National Intel-ligence, shall submit a report to Congress on assets owned by Vladimir Putin, Russian oligarchs, and senior officials of the Russian Government, including— (1) with respect to bank accounts, real es-tate holdings, and other financial assets, in-cluding those outside of Russia, that are owned by or accessible to Putin— (A) the location of such accounts, holdings, or assets; and (B) the contents of such accounts or the amount held through such holdings or assets; (2) the location, size, and contents of any assets of any oligarch listed pursuant to sec-tion 241 of the Countering America’s Adver-saries Through Sanctions Act (Public Law 115–44; 131 Stat. 922); and (3) any ‘‘front’’ or shell companies, or other intermediaries, used by senior officials of the Russian Government to hide assets from public disclosure. (c) FORM.—The report required under sub-section (b) shall be submitted in classified form. (d) R
EASONABLE ATTEMPT TO ISSUE UNCLAS -
SIFIED REPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the submission of the report re-quired under subsection (b), the Secretary of the Treasury shall— (1) publish an unclassified version of such report on a publicly available website of the Department of the Treasury; or (2) submit a notification to Congress de-scribing the reasons for which the Secretary has determined that such release is not pos-sible. 
AMENDMENT NO . 35 OFFERED BY MR . BRENDAN F . 
BOYLE OF PENNSYLVANIA  Add at the end of subtitle D of title XII the following: 
SEC. 12ll. REPORT ON RUSSIA’S SUPPORT FOR THE TALIBAN AND OTHER DESTA-BILIZING ACTIVITIES IN AFGHANI-STAN. 
The Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense shall jointly submit to the con-gressional defense committees and the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on For-eign Relations a report on Russia’s support for the Taliban and other destabilizing ac-tivities in Afghanistan. 
AMENDMENT NO . 36 OFFERED BY MS . CHENEY OF  
WYOMING  At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12ll. REVIEW OF CONTROLLED ITEMS WITH RESPECT TO CHINA. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report listing each technology included on the Com-merce Control List maintained under Sup-plement No. 1 to part 774 of the Export Ad-ministration Regulations (subchapter C of chapter VII of title 15, Code of Federal Regu-lations) and exempted for export to China, and each item removed from such List, des-ignated as ‘‘EAR99’’ by the Bureau of Indus-try and Security, and exported to China, dur-ing the 15-year period ending on such date of enactment that the Secretary determines currently poses an unacceptable national se-curity risk. 
AMENDMENT NO . 37 OFFERED BY MS . BASS OF  
CALIFORNIA  At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12ll. UNITED STATES SECURITY AND HU-MANITARIAN SUPPORT STRATEGY FOR YEMEN. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense, in co-ordination with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International De-velopment, shall jointly submit to Congress a comprehensive report on United States se-curity and humanitarian interests in Yemen, including each of the following: (1) The strategic objectives of the United States in Yemen, including humanitarian support to civilian populations under threat of famine, and the criteria for determining the success of such objectives. (2) A description of efforts to coordinate ci-vilian and military efforts with respect to Yemen. (3) A description of the diplomatic strategy with respect to regional partners seeking to end the civil war in Yemen. AMENDMENT NO . 38 OFFERED BY MR . CROWLEY  
OF NEW YORK  At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. REPORT ON BANGLADESH. 
The Secretary of State, in coordination with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) and the Secretary of Defense, shall submit to Congress a report— (1) assessing Bangladesh’s ability to re-spond to humanitarian crises and natural disasters; and (2) recommending areas for enhancing hu-manitarian assistance and disaster relief co-operation between the United States and Bangladesh relating to improving Ban-gladesh’s ability to respond to humanitarian crises and natural disasters, including through humanitarian consultations, train-ing, and exercises. 
AMENDMENT NO . 39 OFFERED BY MR . BRENDAN F . 
BOYLE OF PENNSYLVANIA  At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. UNITED STATES CYBERSECURITY CO-OPERATION WITH UKRAINE. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is the policy of the United States to— (1) reaffirm the United States-Ukraine Charter on Strategic Partnership, which highlights the importance of the bilateral re-lationship and outlines enhanced coopera-tion in the areas of defense, security, eco-nomics and trade, energy security, democ-racy, and cultural exchanges; (2) support continued cooperation between NATO and Ukraine; (3) support Ukraine’s political and eco-nomic reforms; (4) reaffirm the commitment of the United States to the Budapest Memorandum on Se-curity Assurances; (5) assist Ukraine’s efforts to enhance its cybersecurity capabilities; and (6) improve Ukraine’s ability to respond to Russian-supported disinformation and propa-ganda efforts in cyberspace, including through social media and other outlets. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of State should take the following actions, commensurate with United States interests, to assist Ukraine to improve its cybersecurity: (1) Provide Ukraine such support as may be necessary to secure government computer networks from malicious cyber intrusions, particularly such networks that defend the critical infrastructure of Ukraine. (2) Provide Ukraine support in reducing re-liance on Russian information and commu-nications technology. (3) Assist Ukraine to build its capacity, ex-pand cybersecurity information sharing, and cooperate on international cyberspace ef-forts. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees and the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate a report on United States cybersecurity cooperation with Ukraine. Such report shall also include information relating to the following: (1) United States efforts to strengthen Ukraine’s ability to prevent, mitigate, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4615 May 23, 2018 
respond to cyber incidents, including through training, education, technical as-sistance, capacity building, and cybersecu-rity risk management strategies. (2) The potential for new areas of collabo-ration and mutual assistance between the United States and Ukraine in addressing shared cyber challenges, including cybercrime, critical infrastructure protec-tion, and resilience against botnets and other automated, distributed threats. (3) NATO’s efforts to help Ukraine develop technical capabilities to counter cyber threats. 
AMENDMENT NO . 40 OFFERED BY MR . HUNTER OF  
CALIFORNIA  At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12l. BRIEFING ON CHINA’S MILITARY IN-STALLATION IN THE REPUBLIC OF DJIBOUTI. 
(a) B RIEFING REQUIRED .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordina-tion with the Secretary of State, shall brief the appropriate congressional committees on the following: (1) An assessment of the impact of the Peo-ple’s Republic of China’s first overseas mili-tary installation in the Republic of Djibouti on the ability of the United States forces to operate in the region. (2) An assessment of China’s ability to ob-tain sensitive information and impact oper-ations conducted from Camp Lemmonier in Djibouti, the largest United States military installation on the African continent. (3) An assessment of the ability of the President of Djibouti to terminate by all methods, including by simple decree, the De-partment of Defense’s lease agreement gov-erning operation of Camp Lemmonier. (4) An assessment of the impact of the Chi-nese base in Djibouti on security and safety of United States personnel in Djibouti. (5) An assessment of the status of China’s compliance with the ‘‘Protocol on Blinding Laser Weapons’’ that forbids employment of laser weapons. (6) An assessment of the laser attack in Djibouti that injured United States airmen. (7) An assessment of Djibouti’s compliance with its treaty obligations under the Ottawa Convention to end the use of landmines. (b) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 41 OFFERED BY MR . MEEKS OF  
NEW YORK  At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS WITH RESPECT TO THE 3 SEAS INITIATIVE. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the 3 Seas Initiative could serve as a valuable counterweight to the efforts of the Russian Government to divide Europe and to the regional expansionism of the Chinese Government, particularly in the context of energy and infrastructure; and (2) the United States should fully support the efforts of the 3 Seas Initiative, including by— (A) sending a high level delegation to fu-ture summits convened by the Initiative; (B) encouraging United States business leaders to participate in the Initiative; and (C) supporting the establishment of a net-work of Central European chambers of com-merce. AMENDMENT NO . 42 OFFERED BY MR . VELA OF  
TEXAS  At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. REPORT ON VIOLENCE AND CARTEL ACTIVITY IN MEXICO. 
The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port on violence and cartel activity in Mex-ico and the impact of such on United States national security. 
AMENDMENT NO . 44 OFFERED BY MR . NORMAN OF  
SOUTH CAROLINA  Page 720, after line 2, insert the following: 
SEC. 1523. SEPARATE ACCOUNT LINES FOR OVER-SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS FUNDS. 
For accountability and transparency pur-poses, the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget and the Secretary of De-fense shall establish separate accounts to en-sure that amounts authorized to be appro-priated pursuant to this title are adminis-tered separately from amounts otherwise au-thorized to be appropriated or made avail-able for the Department of Defense. 
AMENDMENT NO . 45 OFFERED BY MRS . MCMORRIS  
RODGERS OF WASHINGTON  Page 874, insert after line 6 the following: 
SEC. 2815. STUDY OF FEASIBILITY OF USING 20- YEAR INTERGOVERNMENTAL SUP-PORT AGREEMENTS FOR INSTALLA-TION-SUPPORT SERVICES. 
(a) S TUDY .—Each Secretary concerned shall conduct a study of the feasibility and desirability of entering into intergovern-mental support agreements under section 2679(a) of title 10, United States Code, for a term not to exceed 20 years. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, each Secretary concerned shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the study conducted under subsection (a). 
AMENDMENT NO . 46 OFFERED BY MS . MCSALLY  
OF ARIZONA  Page 874, insert after line 7 the following (and redesignate the succeeding provisions accordingly): 
SEC. 2821. LAND EXCHANGE, AIR FORCE PLANT 44, TUCSON, ARIZONA. 
(a) L ANDCONVEYANCE AND RESTORATION OF  R
EAL PROPERTY IMPROVEMENTS AUTHOR -
IZED.—In connection with a project planned by the Tuscon Airport Authority (in this sec-tion referred to as ‘‘TAA’’) to relocate and extend a parallel runway and make other airfield safety enhancements at the Tucson International Airport, the Secretary of the Air Force (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) may— (1) convey to TAA all right, title, and in-terest of the United States in and to all or any part of a parcel of real property, includ-ing any improvements thereon, consisting of approximately 58 acres on Air Force Plant 44, Arizona, and located adjacent to Tucson International Airport; (2) agree to terminate all or a portion of any deed restrictions made for the benefit of the United States that limit construction on Tucson International Airport within 750 feet of the Airport’s southwest property bound-ary with Air Force Plant 44; and (3) using cash or in-kind consideration as provided in subsection (b)— (A) construct new explosives storage facili-ties to replace the explosives storage facili-ties located on the land described in para-graph (1) and explosives storage facilities lo-cated on Air Force Plant 44 within the end- of-runway clear zone associated with the TAA airfield enhancement project; and (B) construct new fencing as necessary to accommodate the changes in the boundary of Air Force Plant 44. (b) CONSIDERATION .—As consideration for the land conveyance, deed restriction termi-nation, replacement of real property im-provements, and installation of fencing au-thorized under subsection (a), the following consideration must be received by the United States before the Secretary may make any conveyance or termination of real property interests of the United States as described in subsection (a): (1) All right, title, and interest of the owner or owners thereof to the parcels of real property consisting of approximately 160 acres directly adjacent to the south bound-ary of Air Force Plant 44. (2) The cost to the Secretary, in accord-ance with current design standards, of— (A) replacing the real property structures on Air Force Plant 44 made unusable due to the land transfers and termination of deed restrictions, with structures of at least equivalent capacity and functionality; and (B) installing the necessary boundary fenc-ing due to the changes in the boundary of Air Force Plant 44. (c) D
IRECT PAYMENT OF CONSIDERATION TO  G
OVERNMENT CONTRACTORS .—The Secretary may require that any cash consideration to be received under this section be paid, di-rectly or through the Air Force design and construction agent, to the contractors per-forming design or construction of the real property improvements described in sub-section (a)(3). (d) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCES .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary may require TAA to cover costs to be in-curred by the Secretary to carry out the land exchange and other transactions authorized under this section, or to reimburse the Sec-retary for such costs, including survey costs, appraisal costs, costs related to environ-mental documentation, and other adminis-trative costs related to the conveyances. If amounts are collected from TAA in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out such transactions, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to TAA. (2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received as reimbursements under paragraph (1) shall be used in accordance with section 2695(c) of title 10, United States Code. (e) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the real property to be exchanged under this section shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary. (f) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— The Secretary may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the land exchange and other transactions under this section as the Secretary considers ap-propriate to protect the interests of the United States. Without limiting the fore-going, the Secretary may establish a deed re-striction on any part of the 58 acres de-scribed in subsection (a)(1) to accommodate existing Quantity Distance arcs. 
AMENDMENT NO . 47 OFFERED BY MS . NORTON OF  
THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  Page 877, insert after line 9 the following new section (and redesignate the succeeding sections accordingly): 
SEC. 2822. LAND EXCHANGE, NAVAL SUPPORT AC-TIVITY, WASHINGTON NAVY YARD, DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA. 
(a) E XCHANGE OF PROPERTY INTERESTS AU-
THORIZED .— (1) I
NTERESTS TO BE CONVEYED .—The Sec- retary of the Navy (Secretary) may convey all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to one or more parcels of real property, including any improvements there-on and, without limitation, any leasehold in-terests of the United States therein, as the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4616 May 23, 2018 
Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. (2) I
NTERESTS TO BE ACQUIRED .—In ex- change for the property interests described in paragraph (1), the Secretary may accept parcels at the Southeast Federal Center in the vicinity of the Washington Navy Yard, replacement of facilities being conveyed of equal value and similar utility, as deter-mined by the Secretary, and any additional consideration the Secretary feels is appro-priate, including maintenance, repair, or res-toration of any real property, facility, or in-frastructure under the jurisdiction of the Secretary. (b) V
ALUATION .—The value of the property interests to be exchanged by the Secretary described in subsections (a)(1) and (a)(2) shall be determined— (1) by an independent appraiser selected by the Secretary; and (2) in accordance with the Uniform Ap-praisal Standards for Federal Land Acquisi-tions and the Uniform Standards of Profes-sional Appraisal Practice. (c) E
QUALIZATION PAYMENTS .— (1) T
O THE SECRETARY .—If the value of the property interests described in subsection (a)(1) is greater than the value of the prop-erty interests described in subsection (a)(2), the values shall be equalized through a cash equalization payment to the Department of the Navy. (2) N
O EQUALIZATION .—If the value of the property interests described in subsection (a)(2) is greater than the value of the prop-erty interests described in subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall not make a cash equali-zation payment to equalize the values. (d) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary shall require the other party in this land ex-change to cover costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs incurred, to carry out the land ex-change under this section, including survey costs, costs for environmental documenta-tion, other administrative costs related to the land exchange, and all costs associated with relocation of activities and facilities to the replacement location. If amounts col-lected are in advance of the Secretary incur-ring actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the land exchange, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount. (2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover those costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out the land exchange. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account, and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same con-ditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. (e) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the property to be exchanged under this section shall be determined by surveys satisfactory to the Secretary of the Navy. (f) C
ONVEYANCE AGREEMENT .—The ex- change of real property interests under this section shall be accomplished using an ap-propriate legal instrument and upon terms and conditions mutually satisfactory to both parties of the exchange, including such addi-tional terms and conditions as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the inter-ests of the United States. 
AMENDMENT NO . 48 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER OF  
VIRGINIA  Page 889, insert after line 13 the following: SEC. 2826. COMMEMORATION OF FREEDMAN’S VILLAGE, ARLINGTON COUNTY, VIR-GINIA. 
(a) P ERMANENT EASEMENT .—The Secretary of the Army is directed to grant to Arlington County, Virginia, a permanent easement of approximately 0.1 acres of land within the right-of-way of Southgate Road to the south and west of Hobson Drive and west of the planned joint base access road that is also continuous with Foxcroft Heights Park for the purpose of commemorating Freedman’s Village. (b) R
ELOCATION OF COMMEMORATION IN  E
VENT LOCATION ISUSED FOR BURIAL PUR-
POSES .—In the event Arlington National Cemetery subsequently acquires the prop-erty used for the commemoration described under subsection (a) for burial purposes, the Army shall relocate any commemoration of Freedman’s Village to an appropriate loca-tion. (c) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—The Secretary of De-fense may accept reimbursement from Ar-lington County for any costs associated with commemorating Freedman’s Village. 
AMENDMENT NO . 49 OFFERED BY MR . LAMALFA  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 937, insert after line 12 the following: 
SEC. 2845. RESTRICTIONS ON REHABILITATION OF OVER-THE-HORIZON BACKSCATTER RADAR STATION. 
(a) R ESTRICTIONS .—Except as provided in subsection (b), the Secretary of the Air Force may not use any funds or resources to carry out the rehabilitation of the Over-the- Horizon Backscatter Radar Station on Modoc National Forest land in Modoc Coun-ty, California. (b) E
XCEPTION FOR REMOVAL OF PERIMETER  F
ENCE .—Notwithstanding subsection (a), the Secretary may use funds and resources to re-move the perimeter fence surrounding the Over-the-Horizon Backscatter Radar Station and to carry out the mitigation of soil con-tamination associated with such fence. (c) S
UNSET .—Subsection (a) shall terminate on the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020. 
AMENDMENT NO . 51 OFFERED BY MR . PANETTA  
OF CALIFORNIA  At the end of subtitle B of title XXXI, add the following new section: 
SEC. 31ll. ACCELERATION OF REPLACEMENT OF CESIUM BLOOD IRRADIATION SOURCES. 
(a) G OAL.—The Administrator for Nuclear Security shall ensure that the goal of the covered programs is eliminating the use of blood irradiation devices in the United States that rely on cesium chloride by De-cember 31, 2027. (b) P
ROGRAMS .—To meet the goal specified by subsection (a), the Administrator shall carry out the covered programs in a manner that— (1) is voluntary for owners of blood irradia-tion devices; (2) allows for the United States, subject to the review of the Administrator, to pay up to 50 percent of the per-device cost of replacing blood irradiation devices covered by the pro-grams; (3) allows for the United States to pay up to 100 percent of the cost of removing and disposing of cesium sources retired from service by the programs; and (4) replaces such devices with x-ray irradia-tion devices or other devices approved by the Food and Drug Administration that provide significant threat reduction as compared to cesium chloride irradiators. (c) D
URATION .—The Administrator shall carry out the covered programs until Decem-ber 31, 2027. (d) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report on the covered programs, including— (1) identification of each cesium chloride blood irradiation device in the United States, including the number, general loca-tion, and user type; (2) a plan for achieving the goal established by subsection (a); (3) a methodology for prioritizing replace-ment of such devices which takes into ac-count irradiator age and prior material secu-rity initiatives; (4) in consultation with the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission and the Food and Drug Administration, a strategy identifying any legislative, regulatory, or other measures necessary to constrain the introduction of new cesium chloride blood irradiation de-vices; and (5) identification of the annual funds re-quired to meet the goal established by sub-section (a). (e) A
SSESSMENT .—The Administrator shall submit and assessment to the appropriate congressional committees by September 20, 2023, the results of the actions on the covered programs, including— (1) the number of replacement irradiators under the covered programs; (2) the life-cycle costs of the program, in-cluding personnel training, maintenance, and replacement costs for new irradiation devices; (3) the cost-effectiveness of the covered programs; (4) an analysis of the effectiveness of the new irradiation devices technology; and (5) a forecast whether the Administrator will meet the goal established in subsection (a). (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives; and (B) the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources, and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate. (2) The term ‘‘covered programs’’ means the following programs of the Office of Radi-ological Security of the National Nuclear Se-curity Administration: (A) The Cesium Irradiator Replacement Program. (B) The Offsite Source Recovery Program. 
AMENDMENT NO . 52 OFFERED BY MR . HUNTER OF  
CALIFORNIA  Add at the end the following: DIVISION ll—COAST GUARD AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 
SEC. 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this division is the following: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. TITLE I—REORGANIZATION OF TITLE 14, UNITED STATES CODE Sec. 101. Initial matter. Sec. 102. Subtitle I. Sec. 103. Chapter 1. Sec. 104. Chapter 3. Sec. 105. Chapter 5. Sec. 106. Chapter 7. Sec. 107. Chapter 9. Sec. 108. Chapter 11. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4617 May 23, 2018 
Sec. 109. Subtitle II. Sec. 110. Chapter 19. Sec. 111. Part II. Sec. 112. Chapter 21. Sec. 113. Chapter 23. Sec. 114. Chapter 25. Sec. 115. Part III. Sec. 116. Chapter 27. Sec. 117. Chapter 29. Sec. 118. Subtitle III and chapter 37. Sec. 119. Chapter 39. Sec. 120. Chapter 41. Sec. 121. Subtitle IV and chapter 49. Sec. 122. Chapter 51. Sec. 123. References. Sec. 124. Rule of construction. TITLE II—AUTHORIZATIONS Sec. 201. Amendments to title 14, United States Code, as amended by title I of this division. Sec. 202. Authorizations of appropriations. Sec. 203. Authorized levels of military strength and training. Sec. 204. Authorization of amounts for Fast Response Cutters. Sec. 205. Authorization of amounts for shoreside infrastructure. Sec. 206. Authorization of amounts for air-craft improvements. TITLE III—COAST GUARD Sec. 301. Amendments to title 14, United States Code, as amended by title I of this division. Sec. 302. Primary duties. Sec. 303. National Coast Guard Museum. Sec. 304. Unmanned aircraft. Sec. 305. Coast Guard health-care profes-sionals; licensure portability. Sec. 306. Training; emergency response pro-viders. Sec. 307. Incentive contracts for Coast Guard yard and industrial es-tablishments. Sec. 308. Confidential investigative ex-penses. Sec. 309. Regular captains; retirement. Sec. 310. Conversion, alteration, and repair projects. Sec. 311. Contracting for major acquisitions programs. Sec. 312. Officer promotion zones. Sec. 313. Cross reference. Sec. 314. Commissioned service retirement. Sec. 315. Leave for birth or adoption of child. Sec. 316. Clothing at time of discharge. Sec. 317. Unfunded priorities list. Sec. 318. Safety of vessels of the Armed Forces. Sec. 319. Protecting against unmanned air-craft. Sec. 320. Air facilities. TITLE IV—PORTS AND WATERWAYS SAFETY Sec. 401. Codification of Ports and Water-ways Safety Act. Sec. 402. Conforming amendments. Sec. 403. Transitional and savings provi-sions. Sec. 404. Rule of construction. Sec. 405. Advisory committee: repeal. Sec. 406. Regattas and marine parades. Sec. 407. Regulation of vessels in territorial waters of United States. Sec. 408. Port, harbor, and coastal facility security. TITLE V—MARITIME TRANSPORTATION SAFETY Sec. 501. Consistency in marine inspections. Sec. 502. Uninspected passenger vessels in St. Louis County, Minnesota. Sec. 503. Engine cut-off switch require-ments. Sec. 504. Exception from survival craft re-quirements. Sec. 505. Safety standards. Sec. 506. Fishing safety grants. Sec. 507. Fishing, fish tender, and fish proc-essing vessel certification. Sec. 508. Deadline for compliance with alter-nate safety compliance pro-gram. Sec. 509. Termination of unsafe operations; technical correction. Sec. 510. Technical corrections: Licenses, certificates of registry, and merchant mariner documents. Sec. 511. Clarification of logbook entries. Sec. 512. Certificates of documentation for recreational vessels. Sec. 513. Numbering for undocumented barges. Sec. 514. Backup global positioning system. Sec. 515. Scientific personnel. Sec. 516. Transparency. TITLE VI—ADVISORY COMMITTEES Sec. 601. National maritime transportation advisory committees. Sec. 602. Maritime Security Advisory Com-mittees. TITLE VII—FEDERAL MARITIME COMMISSION Sec. 701. Short title. Sec. 702. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 703. Reporting on impact of alliances on competition. Sec. 704. Definition of certain covered serv-ices. Sec. 705. Reports filed with the Commission. Sec. 706. Public participation. Sec. 707. Ocean transportation inter-mediaries. Sec. 708. Common carriers. Sec. 709. Negotiations. Sec. 710. Injunctive relief sought by the Commission. Sec. 711. Discussions. Sec. 712. Transparency. Sec. 713. Study of bankruptcy preparation and response. Sec. 714. Agreements unaffected. TITLE VIII—MISCELLANEOUS Sec. 801. Repeal of obsolete reporting re-quirement. Sec. 802. Corrections to provisions enacted by Coast Guard Authorization Acts. Sec. 803. Officer evaluation report. Sec. 804. Extension of authority. Sec. 805. Coast Guard ROTC program. Sec. 806. Currency detection canine team program. Sec. 807. Center of expertise for Great Lakes oil spill search and response. Sec. 808. Public safety answering points and maritime search and rescue co-
ordination. Sec. 809. Ship shoal lighthouse transfer: re-peal. Sec. 810. Land exchange, Ayakulik Island, Alaska. Sec. 811. Use of Tract 43. Sec. 812. Coast Guard maritime domain awareness. Sec. 813. Monitoring. Sec. 814. Reimbursements for non-Federal construction costs of certain aids to navigation. Sec. 815. Towing safety management system fees. Sec. 816. Oil spill disbursements auditing and report. Sec. 817. Fleet requirements assessment and strategy. Sec. 818. National Security Cutter. Sec. 819. Acquisition plan for inland water-way and river tenders and bay- class icebreakers. Sec. 820. Great Lakes icebreaker acquisi-tion. Sec. 821. Polar icebreakers. Sec. 822. Strategic assets in the Arctic. Sec. 823. Arctic planning criteria. Sec. 824. Vessel response plan audit. Sec. 825. Waters deemed not navigable waters of the United States for certain purposes. Sec. 826. Documentation of recreational ves-sels. Sec. 827. Equipment requirements; exemp-tion from throwable personal flotation devices requirement. Sec. 828. Visual distress signals and alter-native use. Sec. 829. Radar refresher training. Sec. 830. Commercial fishing vessel safety national communications plan. Sec. 831. Authorization for marine debris program. Sec. 832. Atlantic Coast port access route study recommendations. Sec. 833. Drawbridges. Sec. 834. Waiver. Sec. 835. Vessel waiver. Sec. 836. Temporary limitations. Sec. 837. Transfer of Coast Guard property in Jupiter Island, Florida, for inclusion in Hobe Sound Na-tional Wildlife Refuge. Sec. 838. Emergency response. Sec. 839. Drawbridges consultation. TITLE I—REORGANIZATION OF TITLE 14, UNITED STATES CODE SEC. 101. INITIAL MATTER. 
Title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the title designation, the title head-ing, and the table of parts at the beginning and inserting the following: ‘‘TITLE 14—COAST GUARD ‘‘Subtitle Sec.‘‘I. Establishment, Powers, Duties, and Administration......................101 ‘‘II. Personnel....................................1901 ‘‘III. Coast Guard Reserve and Auxil-iary.............................................. 3701 ‘‘IV. Coast Guard Authorizations and Reports to Congress.....................4901’’. 
SEC. 102. SUBTITLE I. 
Part I of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the part designation, the part heading, and the table of chapters at the beginning and inserting the following: ‘‘Subtitle I—Establishment, Powers, Duties, and Administration ‘‘Chap. Sec.‘‘1. Establishment and Duties............101 ‘‘3. Composition and Organization .....301 ‘‘5. Functions and Powers..................501 ‘‘7. Cooperation.................................701 ‘‘9. Administration.............................901 ‘‘11. Acquisitions................................1101’’. 
SEC. 103. CHAPTER 1. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 1 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 1—ESTABLISHMENT AND DUTIES ‘‘Sec. ‘‘101. Establishment of Coast Guard. ‘‘102. Primary duties. ‘‘103. Department in which the Coast Guard operates. ‘‘104. Removing restrictions. ‘‘105. Secretary defined.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 1 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4618 May 23, 2018 
(2) T ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
1 Establishment of Coast Guard 101 
2 Primary duties 102 
3 Department in which the Coast Guard operates 103 
652 Removing restric-tions 104 
4 Secretary defined 105 
SEC. 104. CHAPTER 3. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 3 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 3—COMPOSITION AND ORGANIZATION ‘‘Sec. ‘‘301. Grades and ratings. ‘‘302. Commandant; appointment. ‘‘303. Retirement of Commandant. ‘‘304. Vice Commandant; appointment. ‘‘305. Vice admirals. ‘‘306. Retirement. ‘‘307. Vice admirals and admiral, continuity of grade. ‘‘308. Chief Acquisition Officer. ‘‘309. Office of the Coast Guard Reserve; Di-rector. ‘‘310. Chief of Staff to President: appoint-ment. ‘‘311. Captains of the port. ‘‘312. Prevention and response workforces. ‘‘313. Centers of expertise for Coast Guard prevention and response. ‘‘314. Marine industry training program. ‘‘315. Training course on workings of Con-gress. ‘‘316. National Coast Guard Museum. ‘‘317. United States Coast Guard Band; com-position; director. ‘‘318. Environmental Compliance and Res-toration Program.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 3 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
41 Grades and ratings 301 
44 Commandant; ap-pointment 302 
46 Retirement of Com-mandant 303 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
47 Vice Commandant; appointment 304 
50 Vice admirals 305 
51 Retirement 306 
52 Vice admirals and admiral, continuity of grade 307 
56 Chief Acquisition Officer 308 
53 Office of the Coast Guard Reserve; Di-rector 309 
54 Chief of Staff to President: appoint-ment 310 
57 Prevention and re-sponse workforces 312 
58 Centers of expertise for Coast Guard prevention and re-sponse 313 
59 Marine industry training program 314 
60 Training course on workings of Con-gress 315 
98 National Coast Guard Museum 316 
336 United States Coast Guard Band; composition; direc-tor 317 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 3 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (A) by inserting after section 310 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘§ 311. Captains of the port ‘‘Any officer, including any petty officer, may be designated by the Commandant as captain of the port or ports or adjacent high seas or waters over which the United States has jurisdiction, as the Commandant deems necessary to facilitate execution of Coast Guard duties.’’; and (B) by inserting after section 317 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘§ 318. Environmental Compliance and Res-toration Program ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) ‘environment’, ‘facility’, ‘person’, ‘re-lease’, ‘removal’, ‘remedial’, and ‘response’ have the same meaning they have in section 101 of the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601); ‘‘(2) ‘hazardous substance’ has the same meaning it has in section 101 of the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601), except that it also includes the meaning given ‘oil’ in section 311 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321); and ‘‘(3) ‘pollutant’ has the same meaning it has in section 502 of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1362). ‘‘(b) PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) The Secretary shall carry out a pro-gram of environmental compliance and res-toration at current and former Coast Guard facilities. ‘‘(2) Program goals include: ‘‘(A) Identifying, investigating, and clean-ing up contamination from hazardous sub-stances and pollutants. ‘‘(B) Correcting other environmental dam-age that poses an imminent and substantial danger to the public health or welfare or to the environment. ‘‘(C) Demolishing and removing unsafe buildings and structures, including buildings and structures at former Coast Guard facili-ties. ‘‘(D) Preventing contamination from haz-ardous substances and pollutants at current Coast Guard facilities. ‘‘(3)(A) The Secretary shall respond to re-leases of hazardous substances and pollut-ants— ‘‘(i) at each Coast Guard facility the United States owns, leases, or otherwise pos-sesses; ‘‘(ii) at each Coast Guard facility the United States owned, leased, or otherwise possessed when the actions leading to con-tamination from hazardous substances or pollutants occurred; and ‘‘(iii) on each vessel the Coast Guard owns or operates. ‘‘(B) Subparagraph (A) of this paragraph does not apply to a removal or remedial ac-tion when a potentially responsible person responds under section 122 of the Comprehen-sive Environmental Response, Compensa-tion, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9622). ‘‘(C) The Secretary shall pay a fee or charge imposed by a State authority for per-mit services for disposing of hazardous sub-stances or pollutants from Coast Guard fa-cilities to the same extent that nongovern-mental entities are required to pay for per-mit services. This subparagraph does not apply to a payment that is the responsibility of a lessee, contractor, or other private per-son. ‘‘(4) The Secretary may agree with another Federal agency for that agency to assist in carrying out the Secretary’s responsibilities under this section. The Secretary may enter into contracts, cooperative agreements, and grant agreements with State and local gov-ernments to assist in carrying out the Sec-retary’s responsibilities under this section. Services that may be obtained under this paragraph include identifying, investigating, and cleaning up off-site contamination that may have resulted from the release of a haz-ardous substance or pollutant at a Coast Guard facility. ‘‘(5) Section 119 of the Comprehensive En-vironmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9619) applies to re-sponse action contractors that carry out re-sponse actions under this section. The Coast Guard shall indemnify response action con-tractors to the extent that adequate insur-ance is not generally available at a fair price at the time the contractor enters into the contract to cover the contractor’s reason-able, potential, long-term liability. ‘‘(c) E
NVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE AND RES-
TORATION ACCOUNT .— ‘‘(1) There is established for the Coast Guard an account known as the Coast Guard Environmental Compliance and Restoration Account. All sums appropriated to carry out the Coast Guard’s environmental compliance and restoration functions under this section or another law shall be credited or trans-ferred to the account and remain available until expended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4619 May 23, 2018 
‘‘(2) Funds may be obligated or expended from the account to carry out the Coast Guard’s environmental compliance and res-toration functions under this section or an-other law. ‘‘(3) In proposing the budget for any fiscal year under section 1105 of title 31, the Presi-dent shall set forth separately the amount requested for the Coast Guard’s environ-mental compliance and restoration activities under this section or another law. ‘‘(4) Amounts recovered under section 107 of the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9607) for the Secretary’s response ac-tions at current and former Coast Guard fa-cilities shall be credited to the account. ‘‘(d) A
NNUAL LIST OF PROJECTS TO CON-
GRESS .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a prioritized list of projects el-igible for environmental compliance and res-toration funding for each fiscal year concur-rent with the President’s budget submission for that fiscal year.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING REPEALS .—Sections 634, 690, 691, 692, and 693 of title 14, United States Code, are repealed. 
SEC. 105. CHAPTER 5. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 5—FUNCTIONS AND POWERS ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —GENERAL POWERS  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘501. Secretary; general powers. ‘‘502. Delegation of powers by the Secretary. ‘‘503. Regulations. ‘‘504. Commandant; general powers. ‘‘505. Functions and powers vested in the Commandant. ‘‘506. Prospective payment of funds necessary to provide medical care. ‘‘507. Appointment of judges. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —LIFE SAVING AND LAW  
ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES  ‘‘521. Saving life and property. ‘‘522. Law enforcement. ‘‘523. Enforcement authority. ‘‘524. Enforcement of coastwise trade laws. ‘‘525. Special agents of the Coast Guard In-vestigative Service law enforce-ment authority. ‘‘526. Stopping vessels; indemnity for firing at or into vessel. ‘‘527. Safety of naval vessels. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —AIDS TO NAVIGATION  ‘‘541. Aids to navigation authorized. ‘‘542. Unauthorized aids to maritime naviga-tion; penalty. ‘‘543. Interference with aids to navigation; penalty. ‘‘544. Aids to maritime navigation; penalty. ‘‘545. Marking of obstructions. ‘‘546. Deposit of damage payments. ‘‘547. Rewards for apprehension of persons interfering with aids to naviga-tion. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER IV —MISCELLANEOUS  ‘‘561. Icebreaking in polar regions. ‘‘562. Appeals and waivers. ‘‘563. Notification of certain determina-tions.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 5 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) TABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
92 Secretary; general powers 501 
631 Delegation of pow-ers by the Sec-retary 502 
633 Regulations 503 
93 Commandant; gen-eral powers 504 
632 Functions and pow-ers vested in the Commandant 505 
520 Prospective pay-ment of funds nec-essary to provide medical care 506 
153 Appointment of judges 507 
88 Saving life and property 521 
89 Law enforcement 522 
99 Enforcement au-thority 523 
100 Enforcement of coastwise trade laws 524 
95 Special agents of the Coast Guard In-vestigative Service law enforcement authority 525 
637 Stopping vessels; indemnity for fir-ing at or into vessel 526 
91 Safety of naval ves-sels 527 
81 Aids to navigation authorized 541 
83 Unauthorized aids to maritime navi-gation; penalty 542 
84 Interference with aids to navigation; penalty 543 
85 Aids to maritime navigation; penalty 544 
86 Marking of obstruc-tions 545 
642 Deposit of damage payments 546 
643 Rewards for appre-hension of persons interfering with aids to navigation 547 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
87 Icebreaking in polar regions 561 
101 Appeals and waiv-ers 562 
103 Notification of cer-tain determina-tions 563 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 501 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—GENERAL POWERS’’; (2) by inserting before section 521 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—LIFE SAVING AND LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES’’; (3) by inserting before section 541 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—AIDS TO NAVIGATION’’; and (4) by inserting before section 561 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER IV—MISCELLANEOUS’’. 
SEC. 106. CHAPTER 7. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 7 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 7—COOPERATION ‘‘Sec. ‘‘701. Cooperation with other agencies, States, territories, and political subdivisions. ‘‘702. State Department. ‘‘703. Treasury Department. ‘‘704. Department of the Army and Depart-ment of the Air Force. ‘‘705. Navy Department. ‘‘706. United States Postal Service. ‘‘707. Department of Commerce. ‘‘708. Department of Health and Human Serv-ices. ‘‘709. Maritime instruction. ‘‘710. Assistance to foreign governments and maritime authorities. ‘‘711. Coast Guard officers as attache ´s to mis-sions. ‘‘712. Contracts with Government-owned es-tablishments for work and ma-terial. ‘‘713. Nonappropriated fund instrumental-ities: contracts with other agencies and instrumentalities to provide or obtain goods and services. ‘‘714. Arctic maritime domain awareness. ‘‘715. Oceanographic research. ‘‘716. Arctic maritime transportation. ‘‘717. Agreements.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 7 of such title 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4620 May 23, 2018 
(as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
141 Cooperation with other agencies, States, territories, and political sub-divisions 701 
142 State Department 702 
143 Treasury Depart-ment 703 
144 Department of the Army and Depart-ment of the Air Force 704 
145 Navy Department 705 
146 United States Post-al Service 706 
147 Department of Commerce 707 
147a Department of Health and Human Services 708 
148 Maritime instruc-tion 709 
149 Assistance to for-eign governments and maritime au-thorities 710 
150 Coast Guard offi-cers as attache´s to missions 711 
151 Contracts with Government-owned establishments for work and material 712 
152 Nonappropriated fund instrumental-ities: contracts with other agencies and instrumental-ities to provide or obtain goods and services 713 
154 Arctic maritime domain awareness 714 
94 Oceanographic re-search 715 
90 Arctic maritime transportation 716 
102 Agreements 717 
SEC. 107. CHAPTER 9. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 9 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 9—ADMINISTRATION ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —REAL AND PERSONAL  
PROPERTY  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘901. Disposal of certain material. ‘‘902. Employment of draftsmen and engi-neers. ‘‘903. Use of certain appropriated funds. ‘‘904. Local hire. ‘‘905. Procurement authority for family housing. ‘‘906. Air Station Cape Cod Improvements. ‘‘907. Long-term lease of special purpose fa-cilities. ‘‘908. Long-term lease authority for light-house property. ‘‘909. Small boat station rescue capability. ‘‘910. Small boat station closures. ‘‘911. Search and rescue center standards. ‘‘912. Air facility closures. ‘‘913. Turnkey selection procedures. ‘‘914. Disposition of infrastructure related to E–LORAN. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II —MISCELLANEOUS  ‘‘931. Oaths required for boards. ‘‘932. Administration of oaths. ‘‘933. Coast Guard ensigns and pennants. ‘‘934. Penalty for unauthorized use of words ‘Coast Guard’. ‘‘935. Coast Guard band recordings for com-mercial sale. ‘‘936. Confidentiality of medical quality as-surance records; qualified im-munity for participants. ‘‘937. Admiralty claims against the United States. ‘‘938. Claims for damage to property of the United States. ‘‘939. Accounting for industrial work. ‘‘940. Supplies and equipment from stock. ‘‘941. Coast Guard Supply Fund. ‘‘942. Public and commercial vessels and other watercraft; sale of fuel, supplies, and services. ‘‘943. Arms and ammunition; immunity from taxation. ‘‘944. Confidential investigative expenses. ‘‘945. Assistance to film producers. ‘‘946. User fees. ‘‘947. Vessel construction bonding require-ments. ‘‘948. Contracts for medical care for retirees, dependents, and survivors: al-ternative delivery of health care. ‘‘949. Telephone installation and charges. ‘‘950. Designation, powers, and account-ability of deputy disbursing of-ficials. ‘‘951. Aircraft accident investigations.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 9 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
641 Disposal of certain material 901 
653 Employment of draftsmen and engi-neers 902 
656 Use of certain ap-propriated funds 903 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
666 Local hire 904 
670 Procurement au-thority for family housing 905 
671 Air Station Cape Cod Improvements 906 
672 Long-term lease of special purpose fa-cilities 907 
672a Long-term lease authority for light-house property 908 
674 Small boat station rescue capability 909 
675 Small boat station closures 910 
676 Search and rescue center standards 911 
676a Air facility clo-sures 912 
677 Turnkey selection procedures 913 
681 Disposition of in-frastructure related to E–LORAN 914 
635 Oaths required for boards 931 
636 Administration of oaths 932 
638 Coast Guard en-signs and pennants 933 
639 Penalty for unau-thorized use of words ‘‘Coast Guard’’ 934 
640 Coast Guard band recordings for com-mercial sale 935 
645 Confidentiality of medical quality as-surance records; qualified immunity for participants 936 
646 Admiralty claims against the United States 937 
647 Claims for damage to property of the United States 938 
648 Accounting for in-dustrial work 939 
649 Supplies and equip-ment from stock 940 
650 Coast Guard Supply Fund 941 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4621 May 23, 2018 
Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
654 Public and com-mercial vessels and other watercraft; sale of fuel, sup-plies, and services 942 
655 Arms and ammuni-tion; immunity from taxation 943 
658 Confidential inves-tigative expenses 944 
659 Assistance to film producers 945 
664 User fees 946 
667 Vessel construction bonding require-ments 947 
668 Contracts for med-ical care for retir-ees, dependents, and survivors: al-ternative delivery of health care 948 
669 Telephone installa-tion and charges 949 
673 Designation, pow-ers, and account-ability of deputy disbursing officials 950 
678 Aircraft accident investigations 951 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 9 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 901 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—REAL AND PERSONAL PROPERTY’’; and (2) by inserting before section 931 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—MISCELLANEOUS’’. 
SEC. 108. CHAPTER 11. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 11—ACQUISITIONS ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —GENERAL PROVISIONS  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘1101. Acquisition directorate. ‘‘1102. Improvements in Coast Guard acquisi-tion management. ‘‘1103. Role of Vice Commandant in major ac-quisition programs. ‘‘1104. Recognition of Coast Guard personnel for excellence in acquisition. ‘‘1105. Prohibition on use of lead systems in-tegrators. ‘‘1106. Required contract terms. ‘‘1107. Extension of major acquisition pro-gram contracts. ‘‘1108. Department of Defense consultation. ‘‘1109. Undefinitized contractual actions. ‘‘1110. Guidance on excessive pass-through charges. ‘‘1111. Mission need statement. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II —IMPROVED ACQUISITION  
PROCESS AND PROCEDURES  ‘‘1131. Identification of major system acqui-sitions. ‘‘1132. Acquisition. ‘‘1133. Preliminary development and dem-onstration. ‘‘1134. Acquisition, production, deployment, and support. ‘‘1135. Acquisition program baseline breach. ‘‘1136. Acquisition approval authority. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —PROCUREMENT  ‘‘1151. Restriction on construction of vessels in foreign shipyards. ‘‘1152. Advance procurement funding. ‘‘1153. Prohibition on overhaul, repair, and maintenance of Coast Guard vessels in foreign shipyards. ‘‘1154. Procurement of buoy chain. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER IV —DEFINITIONS  ‘‘1171. Definitions.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 11 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
561 Acquisition direc-torate 1101 
562 Improvements in Coast Guard acqui-sition management 1102 
578 Role of Vice Com-mandant in major acquisition pro-grams 1103 
563 Recognition of Coast Guard per-sonnel for excel-lence in acquisition 1104 
564 Prohibition on use of lead systems in-tegrators 1105 
565 Required contract terms 1106 
579 Extension of major acquisition pro-gram contracts 1107 
566 Department of De-fense consultation 1108 
567 Undefinitized con-tractual actions 1109 
568 Guidance on exces-sive pass-through charges 1110 
569 Mission need state-ment 1111 
571 Identification of major system ac-quisitions 1131 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
572 Acquisition 1132 
573 Preliminary devel-opment and dem-onstration 1133 
574 Acquisition, pro-duction, deploy-ment, and support 1134 
575 Acquisition pro-gram baseline breach 1135 
576 Acquisition ap-proval authority 1136 
665 Restriction on con-struction of vessels in foreign shipyards 1151 
577 Advance procure-ment funding 1152 
96 Prohibition on overhaul, repair, and maintenance of Coast Guard vessels in foreign shipyards 1153 
97 Procurement of buoy chain 1154 
581 Definitions 1171 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by striking all subdivision designations and headings in such chapter, except for— (A) the chapter designation and heading added by subsection (a); (B) the subchapter designations and head-ings added by this subsection; and (C) any designation or heading of a section or a subdivision of a section; (2) by inserting before section 1101 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—GENERAL PROVISIONS’’; (3) by inserting before section 1131 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—IMPROVED ACQUISI-TION PROCESS AND PROCEDURES’’; (4) by inserting before section 1151 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—PROCUREMENT’’; and (5) by inserting before section 1171 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER IV—DEFINITIONS’’. 
SEC. 109. SUBTITLE II. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by inserting after chapter 11 (as amended by section 108 of this title) the following: ‘‘Subtitle II—Personnel ‘‘Chap. Sec.‘‘19. Coast Guard Academy................1901 ‘‘21. Personnel; Officers.....................2101 ‘‘23. Personnel; Enlisted....................2301 ‘‘25. Personnel; General Provisions ...2501 ‘‘27. Pay, Allowances, Awards, and Other Rights and Benefits...........2701 ‘‘29. Coast Guard Family Support, Child Care, and Housing..............2901’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4622 May 23, 2018 
(b) R ESERVED CHAPTER NUMBERS .— (1) C
HAPTER 13 .—Chapter 13 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning. (2) C
HAPTER 14 .—Chapter 14 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sec-tions at the beginning; and (B) by striking the subchapter designation and the subchapter heading for each of the subchapters of such chapter. (3) C
HAPTER 15 .—Chapter 15 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sec-tions at the beginning; and (B) by striking the subchapter designation and the subchapter heading for each of the subchapters of such chapter. (4) C
HAPTER 17 .—Chapter 17 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning. (5) C
HAPTER 18 .—Chapter 18 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning. 
SEC. 110. CHAPTER 19. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 19 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 19—COAST GUARD ACADEMY ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —ADMINISTRATION  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘1901. Administration of Academy. ‘‘1902. Policy on sexual harassment and sex-ual violence. ‘‘1903. Annual Board of Visitors. ‘‘1904. Participation in Federal, State, or other educational research grants. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —CADETS  ‘‘1921. Corps of Cadets authorized strength. ‘‘1922. Appointments. ‘‘1923. Admission of foreign nationals for in-struction; restrictions; condi-tions. ‘‘1924. Conduct. ‘‘1925. Agreement. ‘‘1926. Cadet applicants; preappointment travel to Academy. ‘‘1927. Cadets; initial clothing allowance. ‘‘1928. Cadets; degree of bachelor of science. ‘‘1929. Cadets; appointment as ensign. ‘‘1930. Cadets: charges and fees for attend-ance; limitation. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —FACULTY  ‘‘1941. Civilian teaching staff. ‘‘1942. Permanent commissioned teaching staff; composition. ‘‘1943. Appointment of permanent commis-sioned teaching staff. ‘‘1944. Grade of permanent commissioned teaching staff. ‘‘1945. Retirement of permanent commis-sioned teaching staff. ‘‘1946. Credit for service as member of civil-ian teaching staff. ‘‘1947. Assignment of personnel as instruc-tors. ‘‘1948. Marine safety curriculum.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 19 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) TABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
181 Administration of Academy 1901 
200 Policy on sexual harassment and sexual violence 1902 
194 Annual Board of Visitors 1903 
196 Participation in Federal, State, or other educational research grants 1904 
195 Admission of for-eign nationals for instruction; restric-tions; conditions 1923 
181a Cadet applicants; preappointment travel to Academy 1926 
183 Cadets; initial clothing allowance 1927 
184 Cadets; degree of bachelor of science 1928 
185 Cadets; appoint-ment as ensign 1929 
197 Cadets: charges and fees for attendance; limitation 1930 
186 Civilian teaching staff 1941 
187 Permanent com-missioned teaching staff; composition 1942 
188 Appointment of permanent commis-sioned teaching staff 1943 
189 Grade of permanent commissioned teaching staff 1944 
190 Retirement of per-manent commis-sioned teaching staff 1945 
191 Credit for service as member of civil-ian teaching staff 1946 
192 Assignment of per-sonnel as instruc-tors 1947 
199 Marine safety cur-riculum 1948 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 19 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (A) by inserting before section 1901 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—ADMINISTRATION’’; (B) by inserting before section 1923 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—CADETS ‘‘§ 1921. Corps of Cadets authorized strength ‘‘The number of cadets appointed annually to the Academy shall be as determined by the Secretary but the number appointed in any one year shall not exceed six hundred. ‘‘§ 1922. Appointments ‘‘Appointments to cadetships shall be made under regulations prescribed by the Sec-retary, who shall determine age limits, methods of selection of applicants, term of service as a cadet before graduation, and all other matters affecting such appointments. In the administration of this section, the Secretary shall take such action as may be necessary and appropriate to insure that fe-male individuals shall be eligible for ap-pointment and admission to the Coast Guard Academy, and that the relevant standards required for appointment, admission, train-ing, graduation, and commissioning of fe-male individuals shall be the same as those required for male individuals, except for those minimum essential adjustments in such standards required because of physio-logical differences between male and female individuals.’’; (C) by inserting before section 1926 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘§ 1924. Conduct ‘‘The Secretary may summarily dismiss from the Coast Guard any cadet who, during his cadetship, is found unsatisfactory in ei-ther studies or conduct, or may be deemed not adapted for a career in the Coast Guard. Cadets shall be subject to rules governing discipline prescribed by the Commandant. ‘‘§ 1925. Agreement ‘‘(a) Each cadet shall sign an agreement with respect to the cadet’s length of service in the Coast Guard. The agreement shall pro-vide that the cadet agrees to the following: ‘‘(1) That the cadet will complete the course of instruction at the Coast Guard Academy. ‘‘(2) That upon graduation from the Coast Guard Academy the cadet— ‘‘(A) will accept an appointment, if ten-dered, as a commissioned officer of the Coast Guard; and ‘‘(B) will serve on active duty for at least five years immediately after such appoint-ment. ‘‘(3) That if an appointment described in paragraph (2) is not tendered or if the cadet is permitted to resign as a regular officer be-fore the completion of the commissioned service obligation of the cadet, the cadet— ‘‘(A) will accept an appointment as a com-missioned officer in the Coast Guard Re-serve; and ‘‘(B) will remain in that reserve component until completion of the commissioned serv-ice obligation of the cadet. ‘‘(b)(1) The Secretary may transfer to the Coast Guard Reserve, and may order to ac-tive duty for such period of time as the Sec-retary prescribes (but not to exceed four years), a cadet who breaches an agreement under subsection (a). The period of time for which a cadet is ordered to active duty under this paragraph may be determined without regard to section 651(a) of title 10. ‘‘(2) A cadet who is transferred to the Coast Guard Reserve under paragraph (1) shall be transferred in an appropriate enlisted grade or rating, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) For the purposes of paragraph (1), a cadet shall be considered to have breached an agreement under subsection (a) if the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4623 May 23, 2018 
cadet is separated from the Coast Guard Academy under circumstances which the Secretary determines constitute a breach by the cadet of the cadet’s agreement to com-plete the course of instruction at the Coast Guard Academy and accept an appointment as a commissioned officer upon graduation from the Coast Guard Academy. ‘‘(c) The Secretary shall prescribe regula-tions to carry out this section. Those regula-tions shall include— ‘‘(1) standards for determining what con-stitutes, for the purpose of subsection (b), a breach of an agreement under subsection (a); ‘‘(2) procedures for determining whether such a breach has occurred; and ‘‘(3) standards for determining the period of time for which a person may be ordered to serve on active duty under subsection (b). ‘‘(d) In this section, ‘commissioned service obligation’, with respect to an officer who is a graduate of the Academy, means the period beginning on the date of the officer’s ap-pointment as a commissioned officer and ending on the sixth anniversary of such ap-pointment or, at the discretion of the Sec-retary, any later date up to the eighth anni-versary of such appointment. ‘‘(e)(1) This section does not apply to a cadet who is not a citizen or national of the United States. ‘‘(2) In the case of a cadet who is a minor and who has parents or a guardian, the cadet may sign the agreement required by sub-section (a) only with the consent of the par-ent or guardian. ‘‘(f) A cadet or former cadet who does not fulfill the terms of the obligation to serve as specified under section (a), or the alternative obligation imposed under subsection (b), shall be subject to the repayment provisions of section 303a(e) of title 37.’’; and (D) by inserting before section 1941 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—FACULTY’’. (2) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Section 182 of title 14, United States Code, is repealed. 
SEC. 111. PART II. 
Part II of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the part designation, the part heading, and the table of chapters at the beginning. 
SEC. 112. CHAPTER 21. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 21 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 21—PERSONNEL; OFFICERS ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —APPOINTMENT AND  
PROMOTION  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2101. Original appointment of permanent commissioned officers. ‘‘2102. Active duty promotion list. ‘‘2103. Number and distribution of commis-sioned officers on active duty promotion list. ‘‘2104. Appointment of temporary officers. ‘‘2105. Rank of warrant officers. ‘‘2106. Selection boards; convening of boards. ‘‘2107. Selection boards; composition of boards. ‘‘2108. Selection boards; notice of convening; communication with board. ‘‘2109. Selection boards; oath of members. ‘‘2110. Number of officers to be selected for promotion. ‘‘2111. Promotion zones. ‘‘2112. Promotion year; defined. ‘‘2113. Eligibility of officers for consideration for promotion. ‘‘2114. United States Deputy Marshals in Alaska. ‘‘2115. Selection boards; information to be furnished boards. ‘‘2116. Officers to be recommended for pro-motion. ‘‘2117. Selection boards; reports. ‘‘2118. Selection boards; submission of re-ports. ‘‘2119. Failure of selection for promotion. ‘‘2120. Special selection boards; correction of errors. ‘‘2121. Promotions; appointments. ‘‘2122. Removal of officer from list of select-ees for promotion. ‘‘2123. Promotions; acceptance; oath of office. ‘‘2124. Promotions; pay and allowances. ‘‘2125. Wartime temporary service pro-motions. ‘‘2126. Promotion of officers not included on active duty promotion list. ‘‘2127. Recall to active duty during war or na-tional emergency. ‘‘2128. Recall to active duty with consent of officer. ‘‘2129. Aviation cadets; appointment as Re-serve officers. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II —DISCHARGES ; RETIREMENTS ; 
REVOCATION OF COMMISSIONS ; SEPARATION  
FOR CAUSE  ‘‘2141. Revocation of commissions during first five years of commissioned service. ‘‘2142. Regular lieutenants (junior grade); separation for failure of selec-tion for promotion. ‘‘2143. Regular lieutenants; separation for failure of selection for pro-motion; continuation. ‘‘2144. Regular Coast Guard; officers serving under temporary appointments. ‘‘2145. Regular lieutenant commanders and commanders; retirement for failure of selection for pro-motion. ‘‘2146. Discharge in lieu of retirement; sepa-ration pay. ‘‘2147. Regular warrant officers: separation pay. ‘‘2148. Separation for failure of selection for promotion or continuation; time of. ‘‘2149. Regular captains; retirement. ‘‘2150. Captains; continuation on active duty; involuntary retirement. ‘‘2151. Rear admirals and rear admirals (lower half); continuation on active duty; involuntary retire-ment. ‘‘2152. Voluntary retirement after twenty years’ service. ‘‘2153. Voluntary retirement after thirty years’ service. ‘‘2154. Compulsory retirement. ‘‘2155. Retirement for physical disability after selection for promotion; grade in which retired. ‘‘2156. Deferment of retirement or separation for medical reasons. ‘‘2157. Flag officers. ‘‘2158. Review of records of officers. ‘‘2159. Boards of inquiry. ‘‘2160. Boards of review. ‘‘2161. Composition of boards. ‘‘2162. Rights and procedures. ‘‘2163. Removal of officer from active duty; action by Secretary. ‘‘2164. Officers considered for removal; retire-ment or discharge; separation benefits. ‘‘2165. Relief of retired officer promoted while on active duty. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —GENERAL PROVISIONS  ‘‘2181. Physical fitness of officers. ‘‘2182. Multirater assessment of certain per-sonnel.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 21 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) TABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
211 Original appoint-ment of permanent commissioned offi-cers 2101 
41a Active duty pro-motion list 2102 
42 Number and dis-tribution of com-missioned officers on active duty pro-motion list 2103 
214 Appointment of temporary officers 2104 
215 Rank of warrant of-ficers 2105 
251 Selection boards; convening of boards 2106 
252 Selection boards; composition of boards 2107 
253 Selection boards; notice of con-vening; commu-nication with board 2108 
254 Selection boards; oath of members 2109 
255 Number of officers to be selected for promotion 2110 
256 Promotion zones 2111 
256a Promotion year; defined 2112 
257 Eligibility of offi-cers for consider-ation for promotion 2113 
258 Selection boards; information to be furnished boards 2115 
259 Officers to be rec-ommended for pro-motion 2116 
260 Selection boards; reports 2117 
261 Selection boards; submission of re-ports 2118 
262 Failure of selection for promotion 2119 
263 Special selection boards; correction of errors 2120 
271 Promotions; ap-pointments 2121 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4624 May 23, 2018 
Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
272 Removal of officer from list of select-ees for promotion 2122 
273 Promotions; ac-ceptance; oath of office 2123 
274 Promotions; pay and allowances 2124 
275 Wartime temporary service promotions 2125 
276 Promotion of offi-cers not included on active duty pro-motion list 2126 
331 Recall to active duty during war or national emergency 2127 
332 Recall to active duty with consent of officer 2128 
373 Aviation cadets; appointment as Re-serve officers 2129 
281 Revocation of com-missions during first five years of commissioned serv-ice 2141 
282 Regular lieutenants (junior grade); sep-aration for failure of selection for pro-motion 2142 
283 Regular lieuten-ants; separation for failure of selection for promotion; con-tinuation 2143 
284 Regular Coast Guard; officers serving under tem-porary appoint-ments 2144 
285 Regular lieutenant commanders and commanders; re-tirement for failure of selection for pro-motion 2145 
286 Discharge in lieu of retirement; separa-tion pay 2146 
286a Regular warrant of-ficers: separation pay 2147 
287 Separation for fail-ure of selection for promotion or con-tinuation; time of 2148 
288 Regular captains; retirement 2149 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
289 Captains; continu-ation on active duty; involuntary retirement 2150 
290 Rear admirals and rear admirals (lower half); con-tinuation on active duty; involuntary retirement 2151 
291 Voluntary retire-ment after twenty years’ service 2152 
292 Voluntary retire-ment after thirty years’ service 2153 
293 Compulsory retire-ment 2154 
294 Retirement for physical disability after selection for promotion; grade in which retired 2155 
295 Deferment of re-tirement or separa-tion for medical reasons 2156 
296 Flag officers 2157 
321 Review of records of officers 2158 
322 Boards of inquiry 2159 
323 Boards of review 2160 
324 Composition of boards 2161 
325 Rights and proce-dures 2162 
326 Removal of officer from active duty; action by Secretary 2163 
327 Officers considered for removal; retire-ment or discharge; separation benefits 2164 
333 Relief of retired of-ficer promoted while on active duty 2165 
335 Physical fitness of officers 2181 
429 Multirater assess-ment of certain personnel 2182 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 21 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by striking all subchapter designations and headings in such chapter, except for the subchapter designations and headings added by this subsection; (2) by inserting before section 2101 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—APPOINTMENT AND PROMOTION’’; (3) by inserting before section 2115 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘§ 2114. United States Deputy Marshals in Alaska ‘‘Commissioned officers may be appointed as United States Deputy Marshals in Alas-ka.’’; (4) by inserting before section 2141 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—DISCHARGES; RETIRE-MENTS; REVOCATION OF COMMIS-SIONS; SEPARATION FOR CAUSE’’; and (5) by inserting before section 2181 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—GENERAL PROVISIONS’’. SEC. 113. CHAPTER 23. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 23 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 23—PERSONNEL; ENLISTED ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2301. Recruiting campaigns. ‘‘2302. Enlistments; term, grade. ‘‘2303. Promotion. ‘‘2304. Compulsory retirement at age of sixty-two. ‘‘2305. Voluntary retirement after thirty years’ service. ‘‘2306. Voluntary retirement after twenty years’ service. ‘‘2307. Retirement of enlisted members: in-crease in retired pay. ‘‘2308. Recall to active duty during war or na-tional emergency. ‘‘2309. Recall to active duty with consent of member. ‘‘2310. Relief of retired enlisted member pro-moted while on active duty. ‘‘2311. Retirement in cases where higher grade or rating has been held. ‘‘2312. Extension of enlistments. ‘‘2313. Retention beyond term of enlistment in case of disability. ‘‘2314. Detention beyond term of enlistment. ‘‘2315. Inclusion of certain conditions in en-listment contract. ‘‘2316. Discharge within three months before expiration of enlistment. ‘‘2317. Aviation cadets; procurement; trans-fer. ‘‘2318. Aviation cadets; benefits. ‘‘2319. Critical skill training bonus.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 23 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
350 Recruiting cam-paigns 2301 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4625 May 23, 2018 
Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
351 Enlistments; term, grade 2302 
352 Promotion 2303 
353 Compulsory retire-ment at age of sixty-two 2304 
354 Voluntary retire-ment after thirty years’ service 2305 
355 Voluntary retire-ment after twenty years’ service 2306 
357 Retirement of en-listed members: in-crease in retired pay 2307 
359 Recall to active duty during war or national emergency 2308 
360 Recall to active duty with consent of member 2309 
361 Relief of retired en-listed member pro-moted while on ac-tive duty 2310 
362 Retirement in cases where higher grade or rating has been held 2311 
365 Extension of enlist-ments 2312 
366 Retention beyond term of enlistment in case of disability 2313 
367 Detention beyond term of enlistment 2314 
369 Inclusion of certain conditions in en-listment contract 2315 
370 Discharge within three months be-fore expiration of enlistment 2316 
371 Aviation cadets; procurement; transfer 2317 
372 Aviation cadets; benefits 2318 
374 Critical skill train-ing bonus 2319 
SEC. 114. CHAPTER 25. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 25 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 25—PERSONNEL; GENERAL PROVISIONS ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —GENERAL PROVISIONS  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2501. Grade on retirement. ‘‘2502. Retirement. ‘‘2503. Status of recalled personnel. ‘‘2504. Computation of retired pay. ‘‘2505. Limitations on retirement and retired pay. ‘‘2506. Suspension of payment of retired pay of members who are absent from the United States to avoid prosecution. ‘‘2507. Board for Correction of Military Records deadline. ‘‘2508. Emergency leave retention authority. ‘‘2509. Prohibition of certain involuntary ad-ministrative separations. ‘‘2510. Sea service letters. ‘‘2511. Investigations of flag officers and Sen-ior Executive Service employ-ees. ‘‘2512. Leave policies for the Coast Guard. ‘‘2513. Computation of length of service. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II —LIGHTHOUSE SERVICE  ‘‘2531. Personnel of former Lighthouse Serv-ice.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 25 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
334 Grade on retire-ment 2501 
421 Retirement 2502 
422 Status of recalled personnel 2503 
423 Computation of re-tired pay 2504 
424 Limitations on re-tirement and re-tired pay 2505 
424a Suspension of pay-ment of retired pay of members who are absent from the United States to avoid prosecution 2506 
425 Board for Correc-tion of Military Records deadline 2507 
426 Emergency leave retention authority 2508 
427 Prohibition of cer-tain involuntary administrative sep-arations 2509 
428 Sea service letters 2510 
430 Investigations of flag officers and Senior Executive Service employees 2511 
431 Leave policies for the Coast Guard 2512 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
467 Computation of length of service 2513 
432 Personnel of former Lighthouse Service 2531 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 25 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 2501 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—GENERAL PROVISIONS’’; and (2) by inserting before section 2531 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—LIGHTHOUSE SERVICE’’. 
SEC. 115. PART III. 
Part III of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the part designation, the part heading, and the table of chapters at the beginning. 
SEC. 116. CHAPTER 27. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 27 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 27—PAY, ALLOWANCES, AWARDS, AND OTHER RIGHTS AND BEN-EFITS ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —PERSONNEL RIGHTS AND  
BENEFITS  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2701. Procurement of personnel. ‘‘2702. Training. ‘‘2703. Contingent expenses. ‘‘2704. Equipment to prevent accidents. ‘‘2705. Clothing at time of discharge for good of service. ‘‘2706. Right to wear uniform. ‘‘2707. Protection of uniform. ‘‘2708. Clothing for officers and enlisted per-sonnel. ‘‘2709. Procurement and sale of stores to members and civilian employ-ees. ‘‘2710. Disposition of effects of decedents. ‘‘2711. Deserters; payment of expenses inci-dent to apprehension and deliv-ery; penalties. ‘‘2712. Payment for the apprehension of stragglers. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —AWARDS  ‘‘2731. Delegation of powers to make awards; rules and regulations. ‘‘2732. Medal of honor. ‘‘2733. Medal of honor: duplicate medal. ‘‘2734. Medal of honor: presentation of Medal of Honor Flag. ‘‘2735. Coast Guard cross. ‘‘2736. Distinguished service medal. ‘‘2737. Silver star medal. ‘‘2738. Distinguished flying cross. ‘‘2739. Coast Guard medal. ‘‘2740. Insignia for additional awards. ‘‘2741. Time limit on award; report con-cerning deed. ‘‘2742. Honorable subsequent service as condi-tion to award. ‘‘2743. Posthumous awards. ‘‘2744. Life-saving medals. ‘‘2745. Replacement of medals. ‘‘2746. Award of other medals. ‘‘2747. Awards and insignia for excellence in service or conduct. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4626 May 23, 2018 
‘‘2748. Presentation of United States flag upon retirement. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —PAYMENTS  ‘‘2761. Persons discharged as result of court- martial; allowances to. ‘‘2762. Shore patrol duty; payment of ex-penses. ‘‘2763. Compensatory absence from duty for military personnel at isolated duty stations. ‘‘2764. Monetary allowance for transpor-tation of household effects. ‘‘2765. Retroactive payment of pay and allow-ances delayed by administra-tive error or oversight. ‘‘2766. Travel card management. ‘‘2767. Reimbursement for medical-related travel expenses for certain per-sons residing on islands in the continental United States. ‘‘2768. Annual audit of pay and allowances of members undergoing perma-nent change of station. ‘‘2769. Remission of indebtedness. ‘‘2770. Special instruction at universities. ‘‘2771. Attendance at professional meetings. ‘‘2772. Education loan repayment program. ‘‘2773. Rations or commutation therefor in money. ‘‘2774. Sales of ration supplies to messes. ‘‘2775. Flight rations. ‘‘2776. Payments at time of discharge for good of service. ‘‘2777. Clothing for destitute shipwrecked persons. ‘‘2778. Advancement of public funds to per-sonnel. ‘‘2779. Transportation to and from certain places of employment.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 27 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
468 Procurement of personnel 2701 
469 Training 2702 
476 Contingent ex-penses 2703 
477 Equipment to pre-vent accidents 2704 
482 Clothing at time of discharge for good of service 2705 
483 Right to wear uni-form 2706 
484 Protection of uni-form 2707 
485 Clothing for offi-cers and enlisted personnel 2708 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
487 Procurement and sale of stores to members and civil-ian employees 2709 
507 Disposition of ef-fects of decedents 2710 
508 Deserters; payment of expenses inci-dent to apprehen-sion and delivery; penalties 2711 
644 Payment for the apprehension of stragglers 2712 
499 Delegation of pow-ers to make awards; rules and regulations 2731 
491 Medal of honor 2732 
504 Medal of honor: du-plicate medal 2733 
505 Medal of honor: presentation of Medal of Honor Flag 2734 
491a Coast Guard cross 2735 
492 Distinguished serv-ice medal 2736 
492a Silver star medal 2737 
492b Distinguished fly-ing cross 2738 
493 Coast Guard medal 2739 
494 Insignia for addi-tional awards 2740 
496 Time limit on award; report con-cerning deed 2741 
497 Honorable subse-quent service as condition to award 2742 
498 Posthumous awards 2743 
500 Life-saving medals 2744 
501 Replacement of medals 2745 
502 Award of other medals 2746 
503 Awards and insig-nia for excellence in service or con-duct 2747 
516 Presentation of United States flag upon retirement 2748 
509 Persons discharged as result of court- martial; allowances to 2761 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
510 Shore patrol duty; payment of ex-penses 2762 
511 Compensatory ab-sence from duty for military personnel at isolated duty stations 2763 
512 Monetary allow-ance for transpor-tation of household effects 2764 
513 Retroactive pay-ment of pay and al-lowances delayed by administrative error or oversight 2765 
517 Travel card man-agement 2766 
518 Reimbursement for medical-related travel expenses for certain persons re-siding on islands in the continental United States 2767 
519 Annual audit of pay and allowances of members under-going permanent change of station 2768 
461 Remission of in-debtedness 2769 
470 Special instruction at universities 2770 
471 Attendance at pro-fessional meetings 2771 
472 Education loan re-payment program 2772 
478 Rations or com-mutation therefor in money 2773 
479 Sales of ration sup-plies to messes 2774 
480 Flight rations 2775 
481 Payments at time of discharge for good of service 2776 
486 Clothing for des-titute shipwrecked persons 2777 
488 Advancement of public funds to per-sonnel 2778 
660 Transportation to and from certain places of employ-ment 2779 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 27 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4627 May 23, 2018 
(1) by inserting before section 2701 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—PERSONNEL RIGHTS AND BENEFITS’’; (2) by inserting before section 2731 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—AWARDS’’; and (3) by inserting before section 2761 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—PAYMENTS’’. 
SEC. 117. CHAPTER 29. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 29 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 29—COAST GUARD FAMILY SUPPORT, CHILD CARE, AND HOUSING ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —COAST GUARD FAMILIES  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2901. Work-life policies and programs. ‘‘2902. Surveys of Coast Guard families. ‘‘2903. Reimbursement for adoption expenses. ‘‘2904. Education and training opportunities for Coast Guard spouses. ‘‘2905. Youth sponsorship initiatives. ‘‘2906. Dependent school children. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —COAST GUARD CHILD CARE  ‘‘2921. Definitions. ‘‘2922. Child development services. ‘‘2923. Child development center standards and inspections. ‘‘2924. Child development center employees. ‘‘2925. Parent partnerships with child devel-opment centers. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —HOUSING  ‘‘2941. Definitions. ‘‘2942. General authority. ‘‘2943. Leasing and hiring of quarters; rental of inadequate housing. ‘‘2944. Retired service members and depend-ents serving on advisory com-mittees. ‘‘2945. Conveyance of real property. ‘‘2946. Coast Guard Housing Fund. ‘‘2947. Reports.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 29 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
531 Work-life policies and programs 2901 
532 Surveys of Coast Guard families 2902 
541 Reimbursement for adoption expenses 2903 
542 Education and training opportuni-ties for Coast Guard spouses 2904 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
543 Youth sponsorship initiatives 2905 
544 Dependent school children 2906 
551 Definitions 2921 
552 Child development services 2922 
553 Child development center standards and inspections 2923 
554 Child development center employees 2924 
555 Parent partner-ships with child de-velopment centers 2925 
680 Definitions 2941 
681 General authority 2942 
475 Leasing and hiring of quarters; rental of inadequate hous-ing 2943 
680 Retired service members and de-pendents serving on advisory commit-tees 2944 
685 Conveyance of real property 2945 
687 Coast Guard Hous-ing Fund 2946 
688 Reports 2947 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 29 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 2901 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—COAST GUARD FAMILIES’’; (2) by inserting before section 2921 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—COAST GUARD CHILD CARE’’; and (3) by inserting before section 2941 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—HOUSING’’. 
SEC. 118. SUBTITLE III AND CHAPTER 37. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by adding after chapter 29 (as amended by section 117 of this title) the following: ‘‘Subtitle III—Coast Guard Reserve and Auxiliary ‘‘Chap. Sec. ‘‘37. Coast Guard Reserve..................3701 ‘‘39. Coast Guard Auxiliary................3901 ‘‘41. General Provisions for Coast Guard Reserve and Auxiliary.......4101 ‘‘CHAPTER 1—COAST GUARD RESERVE ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —ADMINISTRATION  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘3701. Organization. ‘‘3702. Authorized strength. ‘‘3703. Coast Guard Reserve Boards. ‘‘3704. Grades and ratings; military author-ity. ‘‘3705. Benefits. ‘‘3706. Temporary members of the Reserve; eligibility and compensation. ‘‘3707. Temporary members of the Reserve; disability or death benefits. ‘‘3708. Temporary members of the Reserve; certificate of honorable service. ‘‘3709. Reserve student aviation pilots; Re-serve aviation pilots; appoint-ments in commissioned grade. ‘‘3710. Reserve student pre-commissioning as-sistance program. ‘‘3711. Appointment or wartime promotion; retention of grade upon release from active duty. ‘‘3712. Exclusiveness of service. ‘‘3713. Active duty for emergency augmenta-tion of regular forces. ‘‘3714. Enlistment of members engaged in schooling. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II —PERSONNEL  ‘‘3731. Definitions. ‘‘3732. Applicability of this subchapter. ‘‘3733. Suspension of this subchapter in time of war or national emergency. ‘‘3734. Effect of this subchapter on retire-ment and retired pay. ‘‘3735. Authorized number of officers. ‘‘3736. Precedence. ‘‘3737. Running mates. ‘‘3738. Constructive credit upon initial ap-pointment. ‘‘3739. Promotion of Reserve officers on ac-tive duty. ‘‘3740. Promotion; recommendations of selec-tion boards. ‘‘3741. Selection boards; appointment. ‘‘3742. Establishment of promotion zones under running mate system. ‘‘3743. Eligibility for promotion. ‘‘3744. Recommendation for promotion of an officer previously removed from an active status. ‘‘3745. Qualifications for promotion. ‘‘3746. Promotion; acceptance; oath of office. ‘‘3747. Date of rank upon promotion; entitle-ment to pay. ‘‘3748. Type of promotion; temporary. ‘‘3749. Effect of removal by the President or failure of consent of the Senate. ‘‘3750. Failure of selection for promotion. ‘‘3751. Failure of selection and removal from an active status. ‘‘3752. Retention boards; removal from an ac-tive status to provide a flow of promotion. ‘‘3753. Maximum ages for retention in an ac-tive status. ‘‘3754. Rear admiral and rear admiral (lower half); maximum service in grade. ‘‘3755. Appointment of a former Navy or Coast Guard officer. ‘‘3756. Grade on entry upon active duty. ‘‘3757. Recall of a retired officer; grade upon release.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 37 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4628 May 23, 2018 
Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
701 Organization 3701 
702 Authorized strength 3702 
703 Coast Guard Re-serve Boards 3703 
704 Grades and ratings; military authority 3704 
705 Benefits 3705 
706 Temporary mem-bers of the Reserve; eligibility and com-pensation 3706 
707 Temporary mem-bers of the Reserve; disability or death benefits 3707 
708 Temporary mem-bers of the Reserve; certificate of hon-orable service 3708 
709 Reserve student aviation pilots; Re-serve aviation pi-lots; appointments in commissioned grade 3709 
709a Reserve student pre-commissioning assistance program 3710 
710 Appointment or wartime pro-motion; retention of grade upon re-lease from active duty 3711 
711 Exclusiveness of service 3712 
712 Active duty for emergency aug-mentation of reg-ular forces 3713 
713 Enlistment of members engaged in schooling 3714 
720 Definitions 3731 
721 Applicability of this subchapter 3732 
722 Suspension of this subchapter in time of war or national emergency 3733 
723 Effect of this sub-chapter on retire-ment and retired pay 3734 
724 Authorized number of officers 3735 
725 Precedence 3736 
726 Running mates 3737 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
727 Constructive credit upon initial ap-pointment 3738 
728 Promotion of Re-serve officers on ac-tive duty 3739 
729 Promotion; rec-ommendations of selection boards 3740 
730 Selection boards; appointment 3741 
731 Establishment of promotion zones under running mate system 3742 
732 Eligibility for pro-motion 3743 
733 Recommendation for promotion of an officer previously removed from an active status 3744 
734 Qualifications for promotion 3745 
735 Promotion; accept-ance; oath of office 3746 
736 Date of rank upon promotion; entitle-ment to pay 3747 
737 Type of promotion; temporary 3748 
738 Effect of removal by the President or failure of consent of the Senate 3749 
739 Failure of selection for promotion 3750 
740 Failure of selection and removal from an active status 3751 
741 Retention boards; removal from an active status to provide a flow of promotion 3752 
742 Maximum ages for retention in an ac-tive status 3753 
743 Rear admiral and rear admiral (lower half); maximum service in grade 3754 
744 Appointment of a former Navy or Coast Guard officer 3755 
745 Grade on entry upon active duty 3756 
746 Recall of a retired officer; grade upon release 3757 (c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 37 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 3701 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—ADMINISTRATION’’; and (2) by inserting before section 3731 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—PERSONNEL’’. 
SEC. 119. CHAPTER 39. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by adding after chapter 37 (as added by section 118 of this title) the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 39—COAST GUARD AUXILIARY ‘‘Sec. ‘‘3901. Administration of the Coast Guard Auxiliary. ‘‘3902. Purpose of the Coast Guard Auxiliary. ‘‘3903. Eligibility; enrollments. ‘‘3904. Members of the Auxiliary; status. ‘‘3905. Disenrollment. ‘‘3906. Membership in other organizations. ‘‘3907. Use of member’s facilities. ‘‘3908. Vessel deemed public vessel. ‘‘3909. Aircraft deemed public aircraft. ‘‘3910. Radio station deemed government sta-tion. ‘‘3911. Availability of appropriations. ‘‘3912. Assignment and performance of duties. ‘‘3913. Injury or death in line of duty.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 39 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
821 Administration of the Coast Guard Auxiliary 3901 
822 Purpose of the Coast Guard Auxil-iary 3902 
823 Eligibility; enroll-ments 3903 
823a Members of the Auxiliary; status 3904 
824 Disenrollment 3905 
825 Membership in other organizations 3906 
826 Use of member’s fa-cilities 3907 
827 Vessel deemed pub-lic vessel 3908 
828 Aircraft deemed public aircraft 3909 
829 Radio station deemed govern-ment station 3910 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4629 May 23, 2018 
Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
830 Availability of ap-propriations 3911 
831 Assignment and performance of du-ties 3912 
832 Injury or death in line of duty 3913 
SEC. 120. CHAPTER 41. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by adding after chapter 39 (as added by section 119 of this title) the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 41—GENERAL PROVISIONS FOR COAST GUARD RESERVE AND AUXILIARY ‘‘Sec. ‘‘4101. Flags; pennants; uniforms and insig-nia. ‘‘4102. Penalty. ‘‘4103. Limitation on rights of members of the Auxiliary and temporary members of the Reserve. ‘‘4104. Availability of facilities and appro-priations.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 41 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
891 Flags; pennants; uniforms and insig-nia 4101 
892 Penalty 4102 
893 Limitation on rights of members of the Auxiliary and temporary members of the Re-serve 4103 
894 Availability of fa-cilities and appro-priations 4104 
SEC. 121. SUBTITLE IV AND CHAPTER 49. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by adding after chapter 41 (as added by section 120 of this title) the following: ‘‘Subtitle IV—Coast Guard Authorizations and Reports to Congress ‘‘Chap. Sec. ‘‘49. Authorizations............................4901 ‘‘51. Reports.......................................5101 ‘‘CHAPTER 49—AUTHORIZATIONS ‘‘Sec. ‘‘4901. Requirement for prior authorization of appropriations. ‘‘4902. Authorization of appropriations. ‘‘4903. Authorization of personnel end strengths. ‘‘4904. Authorized levels of military strength and training.’’. (b) REDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 49 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
2701 Requirement for prior authorization of appropriations 4901 
2702 Authorization of appropriations 4902 
2703 Authorization of personnel end strengths 4903 
2704 Authorized levels of military strength and training 4904 
SEC. 122. CHAPTER 51. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by adding after chapter 49 (as added by section 121 of this title) the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 51—REPORTS ‘‘Sec. ‘‘5101. Transmission of annual Coast Guard authorization request. ‘‘5102. Capital investment plan. ‘‘5103. Major acquisitions. ‘‘5104. Manpower requirements plan. ‘‘5105. Inventory of real property.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 51 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
2901 Transmission of an-nual Coast Guard authorization re-quest 5101 
2902 Capital investment plan 5102 
2903 Major acquisitions 5103 
2904 Manpower require-ments plan 5104 Title 14 section number before re-designa-tion Section heading (provided for iden-tification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after re-designa-tion 
679 Inventory of real property 5105 
SEC. 123. REFERENCES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: (1) R
EDESIGNATED SECTION .—The term ‘‘re-designated section’’ means a section of title 14, United States Code, that is redesignated by this title, as that section is so redesig-nated. (2) S
OURCE SECTION .—The term ‘‘source sec-tion’’ means a section of title 14, United States Code, that is redesignated by this title, as that section was in effect before the redesignation. (b) R
EFERENCE TO SOURCE SECTION .— (1) T
REATMENT OF REFERENCE .—A reference to a source section, including a reference in a regulation, order, or other law, is deemed to refer to the corresponding redesignated section. (2) T
ITLE 14 .—In title 14, United States Code, each reference in the text of such title to a source section is amended by striking such reference and inserting a reference to the appropriate, as determined using the ta-bles located in this title, redesignated sec-tion. (c) O
THER CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) R
EFERENCE TO SECTION 182 .—Section 1923(c) of title 14, United States Code, as so redesignated by this title, is further amend-ed by striking ‘‘section 182’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1922’’. (2) R
EFERENCES TO CHAPTER 11 .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (A) in section 2146(d), as so redesignated by this title, by striking ‘‘chapter 11 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘this chapter’’; and (B) in section 3739, as so redesignated by this title, by striking ‘‘chapter 11’’ each place that it appears and inserting ‘‘chapter 21’’. (3) R
EFERENCE TO CHAPTER 13 .—Section 3705(b) of title 14, United States Code, as so redesignated by this title, is further amend-ed by striking ‘‘chapter 13’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 27’’. (4) R
EFERENCE TO CHAPTER 15 .—Section 308(b)(3) of title 14, United States Code, as so redesignated by this title, is further amend-ed by striking ‘‘chapter 15’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 11’’. (5) R
EFERENCES TO CHAPTER 19 .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (A) in section 4901(4), as so redesignated by this title, by striking ‘‘chapter 19’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 318’’; and (B) in section 4902(4), as so redesignated by this title, by striking ‘‘chapter 19’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 318’’. (6) R
EFERENCE TO CHAPTER 23 .—Section 701(a) of title 14, United States Code, as so redesignated by this title, is further amend-ed by striking ‘‘chapter 23’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 39’’. 
SEC. 124. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
This title, including the amendments made by this title, is intended only to reorganize title 14, United States Code, and may not be construed to alter— (1) the effect of a provision of title 14, United States Code, including any authority or requirement therein; (2) a department or agency interpretation with respect to title 14, United States Code; or (3) a judicial interpretation with respect to title 14, United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4630 May 23, 2018 
TITLE II—AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 201. AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 14, UNITED STATES CODE, AS AMENDED BY TITLE I OF THIS DIVISION. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this title an amendment or re-peal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or a repeal of, a section or other provi-sion of title 14, United States Code, the ref-erence shall be considered to be made to title 14, United States Code, as amended by title I of this division. 
SEC. 202. AUTHORIZATIONS OF APPROPRIA-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 4902. Authorizations of appropriations ‘‘(a) F
ISCAL YEAR2018.—Funds are author-ized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2018 for necessary expenses of the Coast Guard as fol-lows: ‘‘(1) For the operation and maintenance of the Coast Guard, not otherwise provided for, $7,210,313,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(2) For the acquisition, construction, ren-ovation, and improvement of aids to naviga-tion, shore facilities, vessels, and aircraft, including equipment related thereto, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and oper-ation of facilities and equipment, $2,694,745,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(3) For the Coast Guard Reserve program, including operations and maintenance of the program, personnel and training costs, equipment, and services, $114,875,000 for fis-cal year 2018. ‘‘(4) For the environmental compliance and restoration functions of the Coast Guard under chapter 3 of this title, $13,397,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(5) To the Commandant of the Coast Guard for research, development, test, and evaluation of technologies, materials, and human factors directly related to improving the performance of the Coast Guard’s mis-sion with respect to search and rescue, aids to navigation, marine safety, marine envi-ronmental protection, enforcement of laws and treaties, ice operations, oceanographic research, and defense readiness, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and oper-ation of facilities and equipment, $29,141,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(b) F
ISCAL YEAR2019.—Funds are author-ized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for necessary expenses of the Coast Guard as fol-lows: ‘‘(1)(A) For the operation and maintenance of the Coast Guard, not otherwise provided for, $7,914,195,000 for fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(B) Of the amount authorized under sub-paragraph (A)— ‘‘(i) $16,701,000 shall be for environmental compliance and restoration; and ‘‘(ii) $199,360,000 shall be for the Coast Guard’s Medicare-eligible retiree health care fund contribution to the Department of De-fense. ‘‘(2) For the procurement, construction, renovation, and improvement of aids to navi-gation, shore facilities, vessels, and aircraft, including equipment related thereto, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and oper-ation of facilities and equipment, $2,694,745,000 for fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(3) To the Commandant of the Coast Guard for research, development, test, and evaluation of technologies, materials, and human factors directly related to improving the performance of the Coast Guard’s mis-sion with respect to search and rescue, aids to navigation, marine safety, marine envi-ronmental protection, enforcement of laws and treaties, ice operations, oceanographic research, and defense readiness, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and oper-ation of facilities and equipment, $29,141,000 for fiscal year 2019.’’. (b) REPEAL .—On October 1, 2018— (1) section 4902(a) of title 14, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), shall be repealed; and (2) subsection 4902(b) of title 14, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), shall be amended by striking ‘‘(b) F
ISCAL  Y
EAR2019.—’’. 
SEC. 203. AUTHORIZED LEVELS OF MILITARY STRENGTH AND TRAINING. 
Section 4904 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘for fiscal year 2018 and 44,500 for fiscal year 2019’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2016 and 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2018 and 2019’’. 
SEC. 204. AUTHORIZATION OF AMOUNTS FOR FAST RESPONSE CUTTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Of the amounts author-ized under section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this division, for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019 up to $167,500,000 is authorized for the acquisition of 3 Fast Response Cutters. (b) T
REATMENT OF ACQUIRED CUTTERS .— Any cutters acquired pursuant to subsection (a) shall be in addition to the 58 cutters ap-proved under the existing acquisition base-line. 
SEC. 205. AUTHORIZATION OF AMOUNTS FOR SHORESIDE INFRASTRUCTURE. 
Of the amounts authorized under section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this division, for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019 up to $167,500,000 is au-thorized for the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating to fund the acquisition, construction, rebuild-ing, or improvement of Coast Guard shore-side infrastructure and facilities necessary to support Coast Guard operations and readi-ness. 
SEC. 206. AUTHORIZATION OF AMOUNTS FOR AIR-CRAFT IMPROVEMENTS. 
Of the amounts authorized under section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this division, for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019 up to $3,500,000 is author-ized for the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating to fund analysis and program development for im-provements to or the replacement of rotary- wing aircraft. TITLE III—COAST GUARD 
SEC. 301. AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 14, UNITED STATES CODE, AS AMENDED BY TITLE I OF THIS DIVISION. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this title an amendment or re-peal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or a repeal of, a section or other provi-sion of title 14, United States Code, the ref-erence shall be considered to be made to title 14, United States Code, as amended by title I of this division. 
SEC. 302. PRIMARY DUTIES. 
Section 102(7) of title 14, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(7) maintain a state of readiness to assist in the defense of the United States, including when functioning as a specialized service in the Navy pursuant to section 103.’’. 
SEC. 303. NATIONAL COAST GUARD MUSEUM. 
Section 316 of title 14, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 316. National Coast Guard Museum ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Commandant may establish a National Coast Guard Mu-seum, on lands which will be federally owned and administered by the Coast Guard, and are located in New London, Connecticut, at, or in close proximity to, the Coast Guard Academy. ‘‘(b) LIMITATION ON EXPENDITURES .— ‘‘(1) The Secretary shall not expend any funds appropriated to the Coast Guard on the construction of any museum established under this section. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall fund the National Coast Guard Museum with nonappropriated and non-Federal funds to the maximum ex-tent practicable. The priority use of Federal funds should be to preserve and protect his-toric Coast Guard artifacts, including the de-sign, fabrication, and installation of exhibits or displays in which such artifacts are in-cluded. ‘‘(3) The Secretary may expend funds ap-propriated to the Coast Guard on the engi-neering and design of a National Coast Guard Museum. ‘‘(c) F
UNDING PLAN.—Before the date on which the Commandant establishes a Na-tional Coast Guard Museum under sub-section (a), the Commandant shall provide to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a plan for constructing, operating, and maintaining such a museum, including— ‘‘(1) estimated planning, engineering, de-sign, construction, operation, and mainte-nance costs; ‘‘(2) the extent to which appropriated, non-appropriated, and non-Federal funds will be used for such purposes, including the extent to which there is any shortfall in funding for engineering, design, or construction; and ‘‘(3) a certification by the Inspector Gen-eral of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating that the estimates pro-vided pursuant to paragraphs (1) and (2) are reasonable and realistic. ‘‘(d) A
UTHORITY .—The Commandant may not establish a national Coast Guard mu-seum except as set forth in this section.’’. 
SEC. 304. UNMANNED AIRCRAFT. 
(a) L AND-BASED UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYS-
TEM PROGRAM .—Chapter 3 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 319. Land-based unmanned aircraft system program ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, the Secretary shall establish a land-based unmanned aircraft system program under the control of the Commandant. ‘‘(b) U
NMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘unmanned aircraft system’ has the meaning given that term in section 331 of the FAA Moderniza-tion and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note).’’. (b) L
IMITATION ON UNMANNED AIRCRAFT  S
YSTEMS .—Chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1154 the following: ‘‘§ 1155. Limitation on unmanned aircraft sys-tems ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—During any fiscal year for which funds are appropriated for the de-sign or construction of an Offshore Patrol Cutter, the Commandant— ‘‘(1) may not award a contract for design of an unmanned aircraft system for use by the Coast Guard; and ‘‘(2) may lease, acquire, or acquire the services of an unmanned aircraft system only if such system— ‘‘(A) has been part of a program of record of, procured by, or used by a Federal entity (or funds for research, development, test, and evaluation have been received from a Fed-eral entity with regard to such system) be-fore the date on which the Commandant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4631 May 23, 2018 
leases, acquires, or acquires the services of the system; and ‘‘(B) is leased, acquired, or utilized by the Commandant through an agreement with a Federal entity, unless such an agreement is not practicable or would be less cost-effec-tive than an independent contract action by the Coast Guard. ‘‘(b) S
MALL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT EXEMP -
TION.—Subsection (a)(2) does not apply to small unmanned aircraft. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘small unmanned aircraft’ and ‘un-manned aircraft system’ have the meanings given those terms in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note).’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) C
HAPTER 3 .—The analysis for chapter 3 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘319. Land-based unmanned aircraft system program.’’. (2) C
HAPTER 11 .—The analysis for chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1154 the following: ‘‘1155. Limitation on unmanned aircraft sys-tems.’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (c) of section 1105 of title 14, United States Code, is repealed. 
SEC. 305. COAST GUARD HEALTH-CARE PROFES-SIONALS; LICENSURE PORTABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 507 the following: ‘‘§ 508. Coast Guard health-care professionals; licensure portability ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law regarding the licen-sure of health-care providers, a health-care professional described in subsection (b) may practice the health profession or professions of the health-care professional at any loca-tion in any State, the District of Columbia, or a Commonwealth, territory, or possession of the United States, regardless of where such health-care professional or the patient is located, if the practice is within the scope of the authorized Federal duties of such health-care professional. ‘‘(b) D
ESCRIBED INDIVIDUALS .—A health- care professional described in this subsection is an individual— ‘‘(1) who is— ‘‘(A) a member of the Coast Guard; ‘‘(B) a civilian employee of the Coast Guard; ‘‘(C) a member of the Public Health Serv-ice who is assigned to the Coast Guard; or ‘‘(D) any other health-care professional credentialed and privileged at a Federal health-care institution or location specially designated by the Secretary; and ‘‘(2) who— ‘‘(A) has a current license to practice medi-cine, osteopathic medicine, dentistry, or an-other health profession; and ‘‘(B) is performing authorized duties for the Coast Guard. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘license’ and ‘health-care professional’ have the meanings given those terms in sec-tion 1094(e) of title 10.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 507 the following: ‘‘508. Coast Guard health-care professionals; licensure portability.’’. (c) E
LECTRONIC HEALTH RECORDS .— (1) S
YSTEM .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard is authorized to procure for the Coast Guard an electronic health record sys-tem that— (A) has been competitively awarded by the Department of Defense; and (B) ensures full integration with the De-partment of Defense electronic health record systems. (2) SUPPORT SERVICES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commandant is au-thorized to procure support services for the electronic health record system procured under paragraph (1) necessary to ensure full integration with the Department of Defense electronic health record systems. (B) S
COPE.—Support services procured pur-suant to this paragraph may include services for the following: (i) System integration support. (ii) Hosting support. (iii) Training, testing, technical, and data migration support. (iv) Hardware support. (v) Any other support the Commandant considers appropriate. (3) A
UTHORIZED PROCUREMENT ACTIONS .— The Commandant is authorized to procure an electronic health record system under this subsection through the following: (A) A task order under the Department of Defense electronic health record contract. (B) A sole source contract award. (C) An agreement made pursuant to sec-tions 1535 and 1536 of title 31, United States Code. (D) A contract or other procurement vehi-cle otherwise authorized. (4) C
OMPETITION IN CONTRACTING ; EXEMP -
TION.—Procurement of an electronic health record system and support services pursuant to this subsection shall be exempt from the competition requirements of section 2304 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 306. TRAINING; EMERGENCY RESPONSE PROVIDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 718. Training; emergency response pro-viders ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Commandant may, on a reimbursable or a non-reimbursable basis, make a training available to emer-gency response providers whenever the Com-mandant determines that— ‘‘(1) a member of the Coast Guard, who is scheduled to participate in such training, is unable or unavailable to participate in such training; ‘‘(2) no other member of the Coast Guard, who is assigned to the unit to which the member of the Coast Guard who is unable or unavailable to participate in such training is assigned, is able or available to participate in such training; and ‘‘(3) such training, if made available to such emergency response providers, would further the goal of interoperability among Federal agencies, non-Federal governmental agencies, or both. ‘‘(b) E
MERGENCY RESPONSE PROVIDERS DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘emergency response providers’ has the meaning given that term in section 2 of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101). ‘‘(c) T
REATMENT OF REIMBURSEMENT .—Any reimbursements for a training that the Coast Guard receives under this section shall be credited to the appropriation used to pay the costs for such training. ‘‘(d) S
TATUS ; LIMITATION ON LIABILITY .— ‘‘(1) S
TATUS .—Any individual to whom, as an emergency response provider, training is made available under this section, who is not otherwise a Federal employee, shall not, be-cause of that training, be considered a Fed-eral employee for any purpose (including the purposes of chapter 81 of title 5 (relating to compensation for injury) and sections 2671 through 2680 of title 28 (relating to tort claims)). ‘‘(2) LIMITATION ON LIABILITY .—The United States shall not be liable for actions taken by an individual in the course of training made available under this section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 7 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘718. Training; emergency response pro-viders.’’. 
SEC. 307. INCENTIVE CONTRACTS FOR COAST GUARD YARD AND INDUSTRIAL ES-TABLISHMENTS. 
Section 939 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting before ‘‘The Secretary may’’ the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’; (2) in subsection (a), as so designated by paragraph (1) of this section, by striking the period at the end of the last sentence and in-serting ‘‘or in accordance with subsection (b).’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) I
NCENTIVE CONTRACTS .— ‘‘(1) The parties to an order for industrial work to be performed by the Coast Guard Yard or a Coast Guard industrial establish-ment designated under subsection (a) may enter into an order or a cost-plus-incentive- fee order in accordance with this subsection. ‘‘(2) If such parties enter into such an order or a cost-plus-incentive-fee order, an agreed- upon amount of any adjustment described in subsection (a) may be distributed as an in-centive to the wage-grade industrial employ-ees who complete the order. ‘‘(3) Before entering into such an order or cost-plus-incentive-fee order such parties must agree that the wage-grade employees of the Coast Guard Yard or Coast Guard indus-trial establishment will take action to im-prove the delivery schedule or technical per-formance agreed to in the order for indus-trial work to which such parties initially agreed. ‘‘(4) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, if the industrial workforce of the Coast Guard Yard or Coast Guard industrial establishment satisfies the performance tar-get established in such an order or cost-plus- incentive-fee order— ‘‘(A) the adjustment to be made pursuant to subsection (a) shall be reduced by an agreed-upon amount and distributed to such wage-grade industrial employees; and ‘‘(B) the remainder of the adjustment shall be credited to the appropriation for such order current at that time.’’. 
SEC. 308. CONFIDENTIAL INVESTIGATIVE EX-PENSES. 
Section 944 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$45,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘$250,000’’. 
SEC. 309. REGULAR CAPTAINS; RETIREMENT. 
Section 2149(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘zone is’’ and inserting ‘‘zone, or from being placed at the top of the list of selectees promulgated by the Sec-retary under section 2121(a) of this title, is’’; and (2) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘or placed at the top of the list of se-lectees, as applicable.’’. 
SEC. 310. CONVERSION, ALTERATION, AND RE-PAIR PROJECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 9 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this divi-sion, is further amended by inserting after section 951 the following: ‘‘§ 952. Construction of Coast Guard vessels and assignment of vessel projects ‘‘The assignment of Coast Guard vessel conversion, alteration, and repair projects shall be based on economic and military con-siderations and may not be restricted by a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4632 May 23, 2018 
requirement that certain parts of Coast Guard shipwork be assigned to a particular type of shipyard or geographical area or by a similar requirement.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 9 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 951 the following: ‘‘952. Construction of Coast Guard vessels and assignment of vessel projects.’’. 
SEC. 311. CONTRACTING FOR MAJOR ACQUISI-TIONS PROGRAMS. 
(a) G ENERAL ACQUISITION AUTHORITY .—Sec- tion 501(d) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘aircraft, and sys-tems,’’ after ‘‘vessels,’’. (b) C
ONTRACTING AUTHORITY .—Chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this division, is further amended by inserting after section 1136 the following: ‘‘§ 1137. Contracting for major acquisitions programs ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—In carrying out authori-ties provided to the Secretary to design, con-struct, accept, or otherwise acquire assets and systems under section 501(d), the Sec-retary, acting through the Commandant or the head of an integrated program office es-tablished for a major acquisition program, may enter into contracts for a major acquisi-tion program. ‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZED METHODS .—Contracts en-tered into under subsection (a)— ‘‘(1) may be block buy contracts; ‘‘(2) may be incrementally funded; ‘‘(3) may include combined purchases, also known as economic order quantity pur-chases, of— ‘‘(A) materials and components; and ‘‘(B) long lead time materials; and ‘‘(4) as provided in section 2306b of title 10, may be multiyear contracts. ‘‘(c) S
UBJECT TO APPROPRIATIONS .—Any contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract is subject to the availability of amounts specifically provided in advance for that purpose in subsequent appropriations Acts.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this division, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1136 the following: ‘‘1137. Contracting for major acquisitions programs.’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The fol- lowing provisions are repealed: (1) Section 223 of the Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (14 U.S.C. 1152 note), and the item relat-ing to that section in the table of contents in section 2 of such Act. (2) Section 221(a) of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2012 (14 U.S.C. 1133 note). (3) Section 207(a) of the Coast Guard Au-thorization Act of 2016 (14 U.S.C. 561 note). (e) I
NTERNAL REGULATIONS AND POLICY .— Not later than 180 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall establish the internal regulations and policies necessary to exercise the au-thorities provided under this section, includ-ing the amendments made in this section. (f) M
ULTIYEAR CONTRACTS .—The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating is authorized to enter into a multiyear contract for the procurement of a tenth, eleventh, and twelfth National Secu-rity Cutter and associated government-fur-nished equipment. SEC. 312. OFFICER PROMOTION ZONES. 
Section 2111(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘six-tenths.’’ and inserting ‘‘one-half.’’. 
SEC. 313. CROSS REFERENCE. 
Section 2129(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘designated under section 2317’’ after ‘‘cadet’’. 
SEC. 314. COMMISSIONED SERVICE RETIREMENT. 
For Coast Guard officers who retire in fis-cal year 2018 or 2019, the President may re-duce the period of active commissioned serv-ice required under section 2152 of title 14, United States Code, to a period of not less than 8 years. 
SEC. 315. LEAVE FOR BIRTH OR ADOPTION OF CHILD. 
(a) P OLICY .—Section 2512 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Not later than 1 year’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), not later than 1 year’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) L
EAVE ASSOCIATED WITH BIRTH OR  A
DOPTION OF CHILD.—Notwithstanding sub-section (a), sections 701 and 704 of title 10, or any other provision of law, all officers and enlisted members of the Coast Guard shall be authorized leave associated with the birth or adoption of a child during the 1-year period immediately following such birth or adop-tion and, at the discretion of the Com-manding Officer, such officer or enlisted member shall be permitted— ‘‘(1) to take such leave in increments; and ‘‘(2) to use flexible work schedules (pursu-ant to a program established by the Sec-retary in accordance with chapter 61 of title 5).’’. (b) F
LEXIBLE WORKSCHEDULES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall en-sure that a flexible work schedule program under chapter 61 of title 5, United States Code, is in place for officers and enlisted members of the Coast Guard. 
SEC. 316. CLOTHING AT TIME OF DISCHARGE. 
Section 2705 of title 14, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 27 of that title, are re-pealed. 
SEC. 317. UNFUNDED PRIORITIES LIST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5102 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—On the date on which the President submits to Congress a budget pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, the Com-mandant shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a capital investment plan for the Coast Guard that identifies for each cap-ital asset for which appropriations are pro-posed in that budget— ‘‘(1) the proposed appropriations included in the budget; ‘‘(2) the total estimated cost of completion based on the proposed appropriations in-cluded in the budget; ‘‘(3) projected funding levels for each fiscal year for the next 5 fiscal years or until project completion, whichever is earlier; ‘‘(4) an estimated completion date based on the proposed appropriations included in the budget; and ‘‘(5) an acquisition program baseline, as ap-plicable.’’; and (2) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the term ‘new capital asset’ means— ‘‘(1) an acquisition program that does not have an approved acquisition program base-line; or ‘‘(2) the acquisition of a capital asset in ex-cess of the number included in the approved acquisition program baseline.’’. (b) UNFUNDED PRIORITIES .—Chapter 51 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 5106. Unfunded priorities list ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—On the date on which the President submits to Congress a budget pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, the Com-mandant shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a list of each unfunded priority for the Coast Guard. ‘‘(b) P
RIORITIZATION .—The list required under subsection (a) shall present the un-funded priorities in order from the highest priority to the lowest, as determined by the Commandant. ‘‘(c) U
NFUNDED PRIORITY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘unfunded priority’ means a program or mission requirement that— ‘‘(1) has not been selected for funding in the applicable proposed budget; ‘‘(2) is necessary to fulfill a requirement associated with an operational need; and ‘‘(3) the Commandant would have rec-ommended for inclusion in the applicable proposed budget had additional resources been available or had the requirement emerged before the budget was submitted.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 51 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘5106. Unfunded priorities list.’’. 
SEC. 318. SAFETY OF VESSELS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 527 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ naval ves- sels’’ and inserting ‘‘vessels of the Armed Forces’’; (2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘United States naval vessel’’ and inserting ‘‘vessel of the Armed Forces’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘senior naval officer present in command’’ and inserting ‘‘senior officer present in command’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘United States naval ves-sel’’ and inserting ‘‘vessel of the Armed Forces’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) For purposes of this title, the term ‘vessel of the Armed Forces’ means— ‘‘(1) any vessel owned or operated by the Department of Defense or the Coast Guard, other than a time- or voyage-chartered ves-sel; and ‘‘(2) any vessel owned and operated by the Department of Transportation that is des-ignated by the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating as a vessel equivalent to a vessel described in paragraph (1).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended by striking the item re-lating to section 527 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘527. Safety of vessels of the Armed Forces.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 2510(a)(1) of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘armed forces’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Armed Forces’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘section 101(a) of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 527(e)’’. 
SEC. 319. PROTECTING AGAINST UNMANNED AIR-CRAFT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this divi-sion, is further amended by inserting after section 527 the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4633 May 23, 2018 
‘‘§ 528. Protecting against unmanned aircraft ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY .—Notwithstanding title 18 (including section 32, section 1030, sections 2510–2522, and sections 3121–3127), and section 46502 of title 49, the Secretary, or the Sec-retary’s designee, may take such actions de-scribed in subsection (c)(1) as are necessary to mitigate the threat, as defined by the Sec-retary in consultation with the Secretary of Transportation, that an unmanned aircraft system or unmanned aircraft poses to the safety or security of a covered vessel or air-craft. ‘‘(b) C
OORDINATION WITH THE SECRETARY OF  T
RANSPORTATION .—The Secretary, or the Secretary’s designee, shall coordinate with the Secretary of Transportation, including the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, before issuing any guidance or implementing any program or procedures to carry out this section that might affect aviation safety, civilian aviation and aero-space operations, aircraft airworthiness, or the use of the airspace. ‘‘(c) A
CTIONS DESCRIBED .— ‘‘(1) The actions described in this para-graph are the following: ‘‘(A) Detect, identify, monitor, and track the unmanned aircraft system or unmanned aircraft, without prior consent, including by means of intercept or other access of a wire, oral, or electronic communication used to control the unmanned aircraft system or un-manned aircraft. ‘‘(B) Warn the operator of the unmanned aircraft system or unmanned aircraft, in-cluding by passive or active, and direct or in-direct physical, electronic, radio, and elec-tromagnetic means. ‘‘(C) Disrupt control of the unmanned air-craft system or unmanned aircraft, without prior consent, including by disabling the un-manned aircraft system or unmanned air-craft by intercepting, interfering, or causing interference with wire, oral, electronic, or radio communications used to control the unmanned aircraft system or unmanned air-craft. ‘‘(D) Seize or exercise control of the un-manned aircraft system or unmanned air-craft. ‘‘(E) Seize or otherwise confiscate the un-manned aircraft system or unmanned air-craft. ‘‘(F) Use reasonable force to disable, dam-age, or destroy the unmanned aircraft sys-tem or unmanned aircraft. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall develop the ac-tions described in paragraph (1) in coordina-tion with the Secretary of Transportation. ‘‘(d) F
ORFEITURE .—Any unmanned aircraft system or unmanned aircraft described in subsection (a) that is seized by the Secretary is subject to forfeiture to the United States. ‘‘(e) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary and the Secretary of Transportation may prescribe regulations and shall issue guidance in the respective areas of each Secretary to carry out this section. The Secretary and the Sec-retary of Transportation shall coordinate in the development of such guidance. ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘covered vessel or aircraft’ means a vessel or aircraft that— ‘‘(A)(i) is a vessel or aircraft operated by the Coast Guard; or ‘‘(ii) is a vessel the Coast Guard is assist-ing or escorting; ‘‘(B) is located in the United States (in-cluding the territories and possessions of the United States); and ‘‘(C) is directly involved in a mission of the Coast Guard pertaining to— ‘‘(i) assisting or escorting a vessel of the Department of Defense; ‘‘(ii) assisting or escorting a vessel of na-tional security significance, a high interest vessel, a high capacity passenger vessel, or a high value unit, as those terms are defined by the Secretary; ‘‘(iii) section 91(a) of this title; ‘‘(iv) assistance in protecting the President or the Vice President (or other officer next in order of succession to the Office of the President) pursuant to the Presidential Pro-tection Assistance Act of 1976 (18 U.S.C. 3056 note); ‘‘(v) protection of a National Special Secu-rity Event, as designated by the Secretary; ‘‘(vi) air defense of the United States, in-cluding air sovereignty, ground-based air de-fense, and the National Capital Region inte-grated air defense system; or ‘‘(vii) a search and rescue operation. ‘‘(2) The terms ‘electronic communication’, ‘intercept’, ‘oral communication’, and ‘wire communication’ have the meaning given those terms in section 2510 of title 18. ‘‘(3) The term ‘National Special Security Event’ has the meaning given the term in section 2001 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 601). ‘‘(4) The terms ‘unmanned aircraft’ and ‘unmanned aircraft system’ have the mean-ings given those terms in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note). ‘‘(g) PRESERVATION OF APPROPRIATE AU-
THORITY .— ‘‘(1) Nothing in this section may be con-strued to vest in the Secretary any authority of the Secretary of Transportation or the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration under title 49. ‘‘(2) Nothing in this section may be con-strued to vest in the Secretary of Transpor-tation or the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration any authority of the Secretary under title 14. ‘‘(h) P
RIVACY PROTECTION .—Regulations or guidance issued under subsection (e) shall ensure that— ‘‘(1) the interception or acquisition of or access to communications to or from an un-manned aircraft system under this section is conducted in a manner consistent with the Fourth Amendment to the United States Constitution and applicable Federal law; ‘‘(2) communications to or from an un-manned aircraft system are intercepted, ac-quired, or accessed only to the extent nec-essary to support a function of the Depart-ment; ‘‘(3) records of such communications are not maintained for more than 180 days unless the Secretary determines that maintenance of such records— ‘‘(A) is necessary to support one or more functions of the Department; or ‘‘(B) is required for a longer period to sup-port a civilian law enforcement agency or by any other applicable law or regulation; and ‘‘(4) such communications are not disclosed outside the Department unless the disclo-sure— ‘‘(A) would fulfill a function of the Depart-ment; ‘‘(B) would support a civilian law enforce-ment agency or enforcement activities of a regulatory agency in connection with a criminal or civil investigation of, or any reg-ulatory action with regard to, any activity described under subsection (c); or ‘‘(C) is otherwise required by law or regula-tion. ‘‘(i) S
EMI-ANNUAL BRIEFINGS REQUIRED .— ‘‘(1) Not less than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authoriza-tion Act of 2017, and every 6 months there-after until the authority terminates pursuit to subsection (j), the Secretary and the Sec-retary of Transportation shall jointly pro-vide a briefing to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives on the activities carried out pursuant to this section. Such briefings shall include— ‘‘(A) policies, programs, and procedures to mitigate or eliminate impacts of such activi-ties to the National Airspace System; ‘‘(B) a description of each instance where an action described in subsection (c)(1) has been taken; ‘‘(C) how the Secretaries have informed the public as to the possible use of authorities under this section; and ‘‘(D) how the Secretaries have engaged with Federal, State, and local law enforce-ment agencies to implement and use such authorities. ‘‘(2) Each briefing under paragraph (1) shall be in unclassified form, but may be accom-panied by an additional classified briefing. ‘‘(j) TERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The au- thority pursuant to this section shall expire on December 31, 2020, for Department mis-sions unless the President of the United States certifies to Congress, not less than 45 days prior to the expiration date that retain-ing authority pursuant to this section is in the national security interests of the United States, thereby extending the authority for those mission areas an additional 180 days.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this division, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 527 the following: ‘‘528. Protecting against unmanned air-craft.’’. 
SEC. 320. AIR FACILITIES. 
Section 912 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a); (2) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (a) and (b), respectively; (3) in subsection (a) as redesignated— (A) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND COMMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Prior to closing an air facility, the Secretary shall provide opportu-nities for public comment, including the con-vening of public meetings in communities in the area of responsibility of the air facility with regard to the proposed closure or ces-sation of operations at the air facility. ‘‘(B) P
UBLIC MEETINGS .—Prior to convening a public meeting under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall notify each congressional of-fice representing any portion of the area of responsibility of the air station that is the subject to such public meeting of the sched-ule and location of such public meeting.’’; (B) in paragraph (4)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’; and (ii) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) submit to the Congress a proposal for such closure, cessation, or reduction in oper-ations along with the budget of the Presi-dent submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31 that includes— ‘‘(i) a discussion of the determination made by the Secretary pursuant to paragraph (2); and ‘‘(ii) a report summarizing the public com-ments received by the Secretary under para-graph (3)’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) C
ONGRESSIONAL REVIEW .—The Sec-retary may not close, cease operations, or significantly reduce personnel and use of a Coast Guard air facility for which a written notice is provided under paragraph (4)(A) until a period of 18 months beginning on the date on which such notice is provided has elapsed.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4634 May 23, 2018 
TITLE IV—PORTS AND WATERWAYS SAFETY 
SEC. 401. CODIFICATION OF PORTS AND WATER-WAYS SAFETY ACT. 
(a) C ODIFICATION .—Subtitle VII of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting before chapter 701 the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 700—PORTS AND WATERWAYS SAFETY ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER A —VESSEL OPERATIONS  ‘‘70001. Vessel traffic services. ‘‘70002. Special powers. ‘‘70003. Port access routes. ‘‘70004. Considerations by Secretary. ‘‘70005. International agreements. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER B —PORTS AND WATERWAYS  
SAFETY  ‘‘70011. Waterfront safety. ‘‘70012. Navigational hazards. ‘‘70013. Requirement to notify Coast Guard of release of objects into the navigable waters of the United States. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER C —CONDITION FOR ENTRY INTO  
PORTS IN THE UNITED STATES  ‘‘70021. Conditions for entry to ports in the united states. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER D —DEFINITIONS , REGULATIONS , 
ENFORCEMENT , INVESTIGATORY POWERS , AP-
PLICABILITY  ‘‘70031. Definitions. ‘‘70032. Saint Lawrence Seaway. ‘‘70033. Limitation on application to foreign vessels. ‘‘70034. Regulations. ‘‘70035. Investigatory powers. ‘‘70036. Enforcement. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—VESSEL OPERATIONS ‘‘§ 70001. Vessel traffic services ‘‘(a) Subject to the requirements of section 70004, the Secretary— ‘‘(1) in any port or place under the jurisdic-tion of the United States, in the navigable waters of the United States, or in any area covered by an international agreement nego-tiated pursuant to section 70005, may con-struct, operate, maintain, improve, or ex-pand vessel traffic services, that consist of measures for controlling or supervising ves-sel traffic or for protecting navigation and the marine environment and that may in-clude one or more of reporting and operating requirements, surveillance and communica-tions systems, routing systems, and fair-ways; ‘‘(2) shall require appropriate vessels that operate in an area of a vessel traffic service to utilize or comply with that service; ‘‘(3)(A) may require vessels to install and use specified navigation equipment, commu-nications equipment, electronic relative mo-tion analyzer equipment, or any electronic or other device necessary to comply with a vessel traffic service or that is necessary in the interests of vessel safety. ‘‘(B) Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall not require fishing ves-sels under 300 gross tons as measured under section 14502, or an alternate tonnage meas-ured under section 14302 as prescribed by the Secretary under section 14104, or rec-reational vessels 65 feet or less to possess or use the equipment or devices required by this subsection solely under the authority of this chapter; ‘‘(4) may control vessel traffic in areas sub-ject to the jurisdiction of the United States that the Secretary determines to be haz-ardous, or under conditions of reduced visi-bility, adverse weather, vessel congestion, or other hazardous circumstances, by— ‘‘(A) specifying times of entry, movement, or departure; ‘‘(B) establishing vessel traffic routing schemes; ‘‘(C) establishing vessel size, speed, or draft limitations and vessel operating conditions; and ‘‘(D) restricting operation, in any haz-ardous area or under hazardous conditions, to vessels that have particular operating characteristics or capabilities that the Sec-retary considers necessary for safe operation under the circumstances; ‘‘(5) may require the receipt of prearrival messages from any vessel, destined for a port or place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, in sufficient time to permit advance vessel traffic planning before port entry, which shall include any information that is not already a matter of record and that the Secretary determines necessary for the control of the vessel and the safety of the port or the marine environment; and ‘‘(6) may prohibit the use on vessels of electronic or other devices that interfere with communication and navigation equip-ment, except that such authority shall not apply to electronic or other devices certified to transmit in the maritime services by the Federal Communications Commission and used within the frequency bands 157.1875– 157.4375 MHz and 161.7875–162.0375 MHz. ‘‘(b) COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may enter into cooperative agreements with public or private agencies, authorities, associations, institutions, corporations, organizations, or other persons to carry out the functions under subsection (a)(1). ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(A) A nongovernmental entity may not under this subsection carry out an inher-ently governmental function. ‘‘(B) As used in this paragraph, the term ‘inherently governmental function’ means any activity that is so intimately related to the public interest as to mandate perform-ance by an officer or employee of the Federal Government, including an activity that re-quires either the exercise of discretion in ap-plying the authority of the Government or the use of judgment in making a decision for the Government. ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR COAST  G
UARD VESSEL TRAFFIC SERVICE PILOTS AND  N
ON-FEDERAL VESSEL TRAFFIC SERVICE OP-
ERATORS .— ‘‘(1) C
OAST GUARD VESSEL TRAFFIC SERVICE  
PILOTS .—Any pilot, acting in the course and scope of his or her duties while at a Coast Guard Vessel Traffic Service, who provides information, advice, or communication as-sistance while under the supervision of a Coast Guard officer, member, or employee shall not be liable for damages caused by or related to such assistance unless the acts or omissions of such pilot constitute gross neg-ligence or willful misconduct. ‘‘(2) N
ON-FEDERAL VESSEL TRAFFIC SERVICE  
OPERATORS .—An entity operating a non-Fed-eral vessel traffic information service or ad-visory service pursuant to a duly executed written agreement with the Coast Guard, and any pilot acting on behalf of such entity, is not liable for damages caused by or related to information, advice, or communication assistance provided by such entity or pilot while so operating or acting unless the acts or omissions of such entity or pilot con-stitute gross negligence or willful mis-conduct. ‘‘§ 70002. Special powers ‘‘The Secretary may order any vessel, in a port or place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States or in the navigable waters of the United States, to operate or anchor in a manner the Secretary directs if— ‘‘(1) the Secretary has reasonable cause to believe such vessel does not comply with any regulation issued under section 70034 or any other applicable law or treaty; ‘‘(2) the Secretary determines such vessel does not satisfy the conditions for port entry set forth in section 70021 of this title; or ‘‘(3) by reason of weather, visibility, sea conditions, port congestion, other hazardous circumstances, or the condition of such ves-sel, the Secretary is satisfied such direction is justified in the interest of safety. ‘‘§ 70003. Port access routes ‘‘(a) AUTHORITY TODESIGNATE .—Except as provided in subsection (b) and subject to the requirements of subsection (c), in order to provide safe access routes for the movement of vessel traffic proceeding to or from ports or places subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, the Secretary shall designate necessary fairways and traffic separation schemes for vessels operating in the terri-torial sea of the United States and in high seas approaches, outside the territorial sea, to such ports or places. Such a designation shall recognize, within the designated area, the paramount right of navigation over all other uses. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No designation may be made by the Secretary under this section if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary determines such a des-ignation, as implemented, would deprive any person of the effective exercise of a right granted by a lease or permit executed or issued under other applicable provisions of law; and ‘‘(B) such right has become vested before the time of publication of the notice re-quired by paragraph (1) of subsection (c). ‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATION REQUIRED .—The Sec-retary shall make the determination under paragraph (1)(A) after consultation with the head of the agency responsible for executing the lease or issuing the permit. ‘‘(c) C
ONSIDERATION OF OTHER USES.—Be- fore making a designation under subsection (a), and in accordance with the requirements of section 70004, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) undertake a study of the potential traffic density and the need for safe access routes for vessels in any area for which fair-ways or traffic separation schemes are pro-posed or that may otherwise be considered and publish notice of such undertaking in the Federal Register; ‘‘(2) in consultation with the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Interior, the Sec-retary of Commerce, the Secretary of the Army, and the Governors of affected States, as their responsibilities may require, take into account all other uses of the area under consideration, including, as appropriate, the exploration for, or exploitation of, oil, gas, or other mineral resources, the construction or operation of deepwater ports or other structures on or above the seabed or subsoil of the submerged lands or the Outer Conti-nental Shelf of the United States, the estab-lishment or operation of marine or estuarine sanctuaries, and activities involving rec-reational or commercial fishing; and ‘‘(3) to the extent practicable, reconcile the need for safe access routes with the needs of all other reasonable uses of the area involved. ‘‘(d) S
TUDY .—In carrying out the Sec-retary’s responsibilities under subsection (c), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) proceed expeditiously to complete any study undertaken; and ‘‘(2) after completion of such a study, promptly— ‘‘(A) issue a notice of proposed rulemaking for the designation contemplated; or ‘‘(B) publish in the Federal Register a no-tice that no designation is contemplated as a result of the study and the reason for such determination. ‘‘(e) I
MPLEMENTATION OF DESIGNATION .—In connection with a designation made under this section, the Secretary— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4635 May 23, 2018 
‘‘(1) shall issue reasonable rules and regu-lations governing the use of such designated areas, including rules and regulations re-garding the applicability of rules 9 and 10 of the International Regulations for Preventing Collisions at Sea, 1972, relating to narrow channels and traffic separation schemes, re-spectively, in waters where such regulations apply; ‘‘(2) to the extent that the Secretary finds reasonable and necessary to effectuate the purposes of the designation, make the use of designated fairways and traffic separation schemes mandatory for specific types and sizes of vessels, foreign and domestic, oper-ating in the territorial sea of the United States and for specific types and sizes of ves-sels of the United States operating on the high seas beyond the territorial sea of the United States; ‘‘(3) may, from time to time, as necessary, adjust the location or limits of designated fairways or traffic separation schemes in order to accommodate the needs of other uses that cannot be reasonably accommo-dated otherwise, except that such an adjust-ment may not, in the judgment of the Sec-retary, unacceptably adversely affect the purpose for which the existing designation was made and the need for which continues; and ‘‘(4) shall, through appropriate channels— ‘‘(A) notify cognizant international organi-zations of any designation, or adjustment thereof; and ‘‘(B) take action to seek the cooperation of foreign States in making it mandatory for vessels under their control to use, to the same extent as required by the Secretary for vessels of the United States, any fairway or traffic separation scheme designated under this section in any area of the high seas. ‘‘§ 70004. Considerations by Secretary ‘‘In carrying out the duties of the Sec-retary under sections 70001, 70002, and 70003, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) take into account all relevant factors concerning navigation and vessel safety, pro-tection of the marine environment, and the safety and security of United States ports and waterways, including— ‘‘(A) the scope and degree of the risk or hazard involved; ‘‘(B) vessel traffic characteristics and trends, including traffic volume, the sizes and types of vessels involved, potential in-terference with the flow of commercial traf-fic, the presence of any unusual cargoes, and other similar factors; ‘‘(C) port and waterway configurations and variations in local conditions of geography, climate, and other similar factors; ‘‘(D) the need for granting exemptions for the installation and use of equipment or de-vices for use with vessel traffic services for certain classes of small vessels, such as self- propelled fishing vessels and recreational vessels; ‘‘(E) the proximity of fishing grounds, oil and gas drilling and production operations, or any other potential or actual conflicting activity; ‘‘(F) environmental factors; ‘‘(G) economic impact and effects; ‘‘(H) existing vessel traffic services; and ‘‘(I) local practices and customs, including voluntary arrangements and agreements within the maritime community; and ‘‘(2) at the earliest possible time, consult with and receive and consider the views of representatives of the maritime community, ports and harbor authorities or associations, environmental groups, and other persons who may be affected by the proposed actions. ‘‘§ 70005. International agreements ‘‘(a) T
RANSMITTAL OF REGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall transmit, via the Secretary of State, to appropriate international bodies or forums, any regulations issued under this subchapter, for consideration as inter-national standards. ‘‘(b) AGREEMENTS .—The President is au-thorized and encouraged to— ‘‘(1) enter into negotiations and conclude and execute agreements with neighboring nations, to establish compatible vessel standards and vessel traffic services, and to establish, operate, and maintain inter-national vessel traffic services, in areas and under circumstances of mutual concern; and ‘‘(2) enter into negotiations, through ap-propriate international bodies, and conclude and execute agreements to establish vessel traffic services in appropriate areas of the high seas. ‘‘(c) O
PERATIONS .—The Secretary, pursuant to any agreement negotiated under sub-section (b) that is binding upon the United States in accordance with constitutional re-quirements, may— ‘‘(1) require vessels operating in an area of a vessel traffic service to utilize or to com-ply with the vessel traffic service, including the carrying or installation of equipment and devices as necessary for the use of the service; and ‘‘(2) waive, by order or regulation, the ap-plication of any United States law or regula-tion concerning the design, construction, op-eration, equipment, personnel qualifications, and manning standards for vessels operating in waters over which the United States exer-cises jurisdiction if such vessel is not en route to or from a United States port or place, and if vessels en route to or from a United States port or place are accorded equivalent waivers of laws and regulations of the neighboring nation, when operating in waters over which that nation exercises ju-risdiction. ‘‘(d) S
HIPREPORTING SYSTEMS .—The Sec- retary, in cooperation with the International Maritime Organization, may implement and enforce two mandatory ship reporting sys-tems, consistent with international law, with respect to vessels subject to such re-porting systems entering the following areas of the Atlantic Ocean: ‘‘(1) Cape Cod Bay, Massachusetts Bay, and Great South Channel (in the area generally bounded by a line starting from a point on Cape Ann, Massachusetts at 42 deg. 39 ′ N., 70 deg. 37′ W; then northeast to 42 deg. 45 ′ N., 70 deg. 13′ W; then southeast to 42 deg. 10 ′ N., 68 deg. 31′ W, then south to 41 deg. 00 ′ N., 68 deg. 31′ W; then west to 41 deg. 00 ′ N., 69 deg. 17′ W; then northeast to 42 deg. 05 ′ N., 70 deg. 02′ W, then west to 42 deg. 04 ′ N., 70 deg. 10′ W; and then along the Massachusetts shoreline of Cape Cod Bay and Massachusetts Bay back to the point on Cape Ann at 42 deg. 39 ′ N., 70 deg. 37′ W). ‘‘(2) In the coastal waters of the South-eastern United States within about 25 nm along a 90 nm stretch of the Atlantic sea-board (in an area generally extending from the shoreline east to longitude 80 deg. 51.6 ′ W with the southern and northern boundary at latitudes 30 deg. 00′ N., 31 deg. 27′ N., respec- tively). ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—PORTS AND WATERWAYS SAFETY ‘‘§ 70011. Waterfront safety ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary may take such action as is necessary to— ‘‘(1) prevent damage to, or the destruction of, any bridge or other structure on or in the navigable waters of the United States, or any land structure or shore area imme-diately adjacent to such waters; and ‘‘(2) protect the navigable waters and the resources therein from harm resulting from vessel or structure damage, destruction, or loss. ‘‘(b) ACTIONS AUTHORIZED .—Actions au-thorized by subsection (a) include— ‘‘(1) establishing procedures, measures, and standards for the handling, loading, unload-ing, storage, stowage, and movement on a structure (including the emergency removal, control, and disposition) of explosives or other dangerous articles and substances, in-cluding oil or hazardous material as those terms are defined in section 2101; ‘‘(2) prescribing minimum safety equip-ment requirements for a structure to assure adequate protection from fire, explosion, natural disaster, and other serious accidents or casualties; ‘‘(3) establishing water or waterfront safe-ty zones, or other measures, for limited, con-trolled, or conditional access and activity when necessary for the protection of any ves-sel, structure, waters, or shore area; and ‘‘(4) establishing procedures for examina-tion to assure compliance with the require-ments prescribed under this section. ‘‘(c) S
TATE LAW.—Nothing in this section, with respect to structures, prohibits a State or political subdivision thereof from pre-scribing higher safety equipment require-ments or safety standards than those that may be prescribed by regulations under this section. ‘‘§ 70012. Navigational hazards ‘‘(a) R
EPORTING PROCEDURE .—The Sec-retary shall establish a program to encour-age fishermen and other vessel operators to report potential or existing navigational hazards involving pipelines to the Secretary through Coast Guard field offices. ‘‘(b) S
ECRETARY ’SRESPONSE .— ‘‘(1) N
OTIFICATION BY THE OPERATOR OF A  
PIPELINE .—Upon notification by the operator of a pipeline of a hazard to navigation with respect to that pipeline, the Secretary shall immediately notify Coast Guard head-quarters, the Pipeline and Hazardous Mate-rials Safety Administration, other affected Federal and State agencies, and vessel own-ers and operators in the pipeline’s vicinity. ‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION BY OTHER PERSONS .— Upon notification by any other person of a hazard or potential hazard to navigation with respect to a pipeline, the Secretary shall promptly determine whether a hazard exists, and if so shall immediately notify Coast Guard headquarters, the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, other affected Federal and State agencies, vessel owners and operators in the pipeline’s vicinity, and the owner and operator of the pipeline. ‘‘(c) P
IPELINE DEFINED .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘pipeline’ has the meaning given the term ‘pipeline facility’ in section 60101(a)(18) of title 49. ‘‘§ 70013. Requirement to notify Coast Guard of release of objects into the navigable waters of the United States ‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENT .—As soon as a person has knowledge of any release from a vessel or facility into the navigable waters of the United States of any object that creates an obstruction prohibited under section 10 of the Act of March 3, 1899, popularly known as the Rivers and Harbors Appropriations Act of 1899 (33 U.S.C. 403), such person shall no-tify the Secretary and the Secretary of the Army of such release. ‘‘(b) R
ESTRICTION ON USE OF NOTIFICA -
TION.—Any notification provided by an indi-vidual in accordance with subsection (a) may not be used against such individual in any criminal case, except a prosecution for per-jury or for giving a false statement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4636 May 23, 2018 
‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—CONDITION FOR ENTRY INTO PORTS IN THE UNITED STATES ‘‘§ 70021. Conditions for entry to ports in the United States ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—No vessel that is subject to chapter 37 shall operate in the navigable waters of the United States or transfer cargo or residue in any port or place under the ju-risdiction of the United States, if such ves-sel— ‘‘(1) has a history of accidents, pollution incidents, or serious repair problems that, as determined by the Secretary, creates reason to believe that such vessel may be unsafe or may create a threat to the marine environ-ment; ‘‘(2) fails to comply with any applicable regulation issued under section 70034, chap-ter 37, or any other applicable law or treaty; ‘‘(3) discharges oil or hazardous material in violation of any law of the United States or in a manner or quantities inconsistent with any treaty to which the United States is a party; ‘‘(4) does not comply with any applicable vessel traffic service requirements; ‘‘(5) is manned by one or more officers who are licensed by a certificating State that the Secretary has determined, pursuant to sec-tion 9101 of title 46, does not have standards for licensing and certification of seafarers that are comparable to or more stringent than United States standards or inter-national standards that are accepted by the United States; ‘‘(6) is not manned in compliance with manning levels as determined by the Sec-retary to be necessary to insure the safe navigation of the vessel; or ‘‘(7) while underway, does not have at least one licensed deck officer on the navigation bridge who is capable of clearly under-standing English. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may allow provisional entry of a vessel that is not in compliance with subsection (a), if the owner or operator of such vessel proves, to the sat-isfaction of the Secretary, that such vessel is not unsafe or a threat to the marine environ-ment, and if such entry is necessary for the safety of the vessel or persons aboard. ‘‘(2) P
ROVISIONS NOT APPLICABLE .—Para- graphs (1), (2), (3), and (4) of subsection (a) of this section shall not apply to a vessel al-lowed provisional entry under paragraph (1) if the owner or operator of such vessel proves, to the satisfaction of the Secretary, that such vessel is no longer unsafe or a threat to the marine environment, and is no longer in violation of any applicable law, treaty, regulation, or condition, as appro-priate. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER IV—DEFINITIONS, REGU-LATIONS, ENFORCEMENT, INVESTIGA-TORY POWERS, APPLICABILITY ‘‘§ 70031. Definitions ‘‘As used in subchapters A through C and this subchapter, unless the context other-wise requires: ‘‘(1) The term ‘marine environment’ means— ‘‘(A) the navigable waters of the United States and the land and resources therein and thereunder; ‘‘(B) the waters and fishery resources of any area over which the United States as-serts exclusive fishery management author-ity; ‘‘(C) the seabed and subsoil of the Outer Continental Shelf of the United States, the resources thereof, and the waters superjacent thereto; and ‘‘(D) the recreational, economic, and scenic values of such waters and resources. ‘‘(2) The term ‘Secretary’ means the Sec-retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, except that such term means the Secretary of Transportation with respect to the application of this chapter to the Saint Lawrence Seaway. ‘‘(3) The term ‘navigable waters of the United States’ includes all waters of the ter-ritorial sea of the United States as described in Presidential Proclamation No. 5928 of De-cember 27, 1988. ‘‘§ 70032. Saint Lawrence Seaway ‘‘The authority granted to the Secretary under sections 70001, 70002, 70003, 7004, and 70011 may not be delegated with respect to the Saint Lawrence Seaway to any agency other than the Saint Lawrence Seaway De-velopment Corporation. Any other authority granted the Secretary under subchapters A through C and this subchapter shall be dele-gated by the Secretary to the Saint Law-rence Seaway Development Corporation to the extent the Secretary determines such delegation is necessary for the proper oper-ation of the Saint Lawrence Seaway. ‘‘§ 70033. Limitation on application to foreign vessels ‘‘Except pursuant to international treaty, convention, or agreement, to which the United States is a party, subchapters A through C and this subchapter shall not apply to any foreign vessel that is not des-tined for, or departing from, a port or place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States and that is in— ‘‘(1) innocent passage through the terri-torial sea of the United States; or ‘‘(2) transit through the navigable waters of the United States that form a part of an international strait. ‘‘§ 70034. Regulations ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—In accordance with sec-tion 553 of title 5, the Secretary shall issue, and may from time to time amend or repeal, regulations necessary to implement sub-chapters A through C and this subchapter. ‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION .—In the exercise of the regulatory authority under subchapters A through C and this subchapter, the Secretary shall consult with, and receive and consider the views of all interested persons, includ-ing— ‘‘(1) interested Federal departments and agencies; ‘‘(2) officials of State and local govern-ments; ‘‘(3) representatives of the maritime com-munity; ‘‘(4) representatives of port and harbor au-thorities or associations; ‘‘(5) representatives of environmental groups; ‘‘(6) any other interested persons who are knowledgeable or experienced in dealing with problems involving vessel safety, port and waterways safety, and protection of the marine environment; and ‘‘(7) advisory committees consisting of all interested segments of the public when the establishment of such committees is consid-ered necessary because the issues involved are highly complex or controversial. ‘‘§ 70035. Investigatory powers ‘‘(a) S
ECRETARY .—The Secretary may in-vestigate any incident, accident, or act in-volving the loss or destruction of, or damage to, any structure subject to subchapters A through C and this subchapter, or that af-fects or may affect the safety or environ-mental quality of the ports, harbors, or navi-gable waters of the United States. ‘‘(b) P
OWERS .—In an investigation under this section, the Secretary may issue sub-poenas to require the attendance of wit-nesses and the production of documents or other evidence relating to such incident, ac-cident, or act. If any person refuses to obey a subpoena, the Secretary may request the Attorney General to invoke the aid of the appropriate district court of the United States to compel compliance with the sub-poena. Any district court of the United States may, in the case of refusal to obey a subpoena, issue an order requiring compli-ance with the subpoena, and failure to obey the order may be punished by the court as contempt. Witnesses may be paid fees for travel and attendance at rates not exceeding those allowed in a district court of the United States. ‘‘§ 70036. Enforcement ‘‘(a) CIVILPENALTY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any person who is found by the Secretary, after notice and an oppor-tunity for a hearing, to have violated sub-chapters A through C or this subchapter or a regulation issued under subchapters A through C or this subchapter shall be liable to the United States for a civil penalty, not to exceed $25,000 for each violation. Each day of a continuing violation shall constitute a separate violation. The amount of such civil penalty shall be assessed by the Secretary, or the Secretary’s designee, by written no-tice. In determining the amount of such pen-alty, the Secretary shall take into account the nature, circumstances, extent, and grav-ity of the prohibited acts committed and, with respect to the violator, the degree of culpability, any history of prior offenses, ability to pay, and such other matters as jus-tice may require. ‘‘(2) C
OMPROMISE , MODIFICATION , OR REMIS -
SION.—The Secretary may compromise, mod-ify, or remit, with or without conditions, any civil penalty that is subject to imposi-tion or that has been imposed under this sec-tion. ‘‘(3) F
AILURE TO PAY PENALTY .—If any per-son fails to pay an assessment of a civil pen-alty after it has become final, the Secretary may refer the matter to the Attorney Gen-eral of the United States, for collection in any appropriate district court of the United States. ‘‘(b) C
RIMINAL PENALTY .— ‘‘(1) C
LASS D FELONY .—Any person who willfully and knowingly violates subchapters A through C or this subchapter or any regu-lation issued thereunder commits a class D felony. ‘‘(2) C
LASS C FELONY .—Any person who, in the willful and knowing violation of sub-chapters A through C or this subchapter or of any regulation issued thereunder, uses a dangerous weapon, or engages in conduct that causes bodily injury or fear of imminent bodily injury to any officer authorized to en-force the provisions of such a subchapter or the regulations issued under such sub-chapter, commits a class C felony. ‘‘(c) I
NREMLIABILITY .—Any vessel that is used in violation of subchapters A, B, or C or this subchapter, or any regulations issued under such subchapter, shall be liable in rem for any civil penalty assessed pursuant to subsection (a) and may be proceeded against in the United States district court for any district in which such vessel may be found. ‘‘(d) I
NJUNCTION .—The United States dis-trict courts shall have jurisdiction to re-strain violations of subchapter A, B, or C or this subchapter or of regulations issued under such subchapter, for cause shown. ‘‘(e) D
ENIAL OF ENTRY .—Except as provided in section 70021, the Secretary may, subject to recognized principles of international law, deny entry by any vessel that is not in com-pliance with subchapter A, B, or C or this subchapter or the regulations issued under such subchapter— ‘‘(1) into the navigable waters of the United States; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4637 May 23, 2018 
‘‘(2) to any port or place under the jurisdic-tion of the United States. ‘‘(f) W
ITHHOLDING OF CLEARANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If any owner, operator, or individual in charge of a vessel is liable for a penalty or fine under this section, or if reasonable cause exists to believe that the owner, operator, or individual in charge may be subject to a penalty or fine under this sec-tion, the Secretary of the Treasury, upon the request of the Secretary, shall with respect to such vessel refuse or revoke any clearance required by section 60105 of title 46. ‘‘(2) G
RANTING CLEARANCE REFUSED OR RE -
VOKED .—Clearance refused or revoked under this subsection may be granted upon filing of a bond or other surety satisfactory to the Secretary.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of such subtitle is amended by inserting before the item relating to chapter 701 the following: ‘‘700. Ports and Waterways Safety .....70001.’’. 
SEC. 402. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) E LECTRONIC CHARTS .— (1) T
RANSFER OF PROVISION .—Section 4A of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1223a)— (A) is redesignated as section 3105 of title 46, United States Code, and transferred to appear after section 3104 of that title; and (B) is amended by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON APPLICATION .—Except pursuant to an international treaty, conven-tion, or agreement, to which the United States is a party, this section shall not apply to any foreign vessel that is not destined for, or departing from, a port or place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States and that is in— ‘‘(1) innocent passage through the terri-torial sea of the United States; or ‘‘(2) transit through the navigable waters of the United States that form a part of an international strait.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 31 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘3105. Electronic charts.’’. (b) P
ORT, HARBOR , AND COASTAL FACILITY  S
ECURITY .— (1) T
RANSFER OF PROVISIONS .—So much of section 7 of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1226) as precedes subsection (c) of that section is redesignated as section 70116 of title 46, United States Code, and transferred so as to replace section 70116 of that title, as in effect before the enactment of this Act. (2) D
EFINITIONS , ADMINISTRATION , AND EN -
FORCEMENT .—Section 70116 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by paragraph (1) of this subsection, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS , ADMINISTRATION , ANDEN-
FORCEMENT .—This section shall be treated as part of chapter 700 for purposes of sections 70031, 70032, 70034, 70035, and 70036.’’. (3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 701 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 70116 and inserting the following: ‘‘70116. Port, harbor, and coastal facility se-curity.’’. (c) N
ONDISCLOSURE OF PORT SECURITY  P
LANS .—Subsection (c) of section 7 of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1226), as so designated before the application of subsection (b)(1) of this section— (1) is redesignated as subsection (f) of sec-tion 70103 of title 46, United States Code, and transferred so as to appear after subsection (e) of such section; and (2) is amended by striking ‘‘this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘this chapter’’. (d) REPEAL .—Section 2307 of title 46, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis at the beginning of chapter 23 of that title, are repealed. (e) R
EPEAL .—The Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1221–1231, 1232–1232b), as amended by this division, is repealed. 
SEC. 403. TRANSITIONAL AND SAVINGS PROVI-SIONS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) S
OURCE PROVISION .—The term ‘‘source provision’’ means a provision of law that is replaced by a title 46 provision under this title. (2) T
ITLE 46 PROVISION .—The term ‘‘title 46 provision’’ means a provision of title 46, United States Code, that is enacted by sec-tion 402 of this title. (b) C
UTOFF DATE.—The title 46 provisions replace certain provisions of law enacted be-fore the date of the enactment of this Act. If a law enacted after that date amends or re-peals a source provision, that law is deemed to amend or repeal, as the case may be, the corresponding title 46 provision. If a law en-acted after that date is otherwise incon-sistent with a title 46 provision or a provi-sion of this title, that law supersedes the title 46 provision or provision of this title to the extent of the inconsistency. (c) O
RIGINAL DATE OF ENACTMENT UN-
CHANGED .—For purposes of determining whether one provision of law supersedes an-other based on enactment later in time, a title 46 provision is deemed to have been en-acted on the date of enactment of the source provision that the title 46 provision replaces. (d) R
EFERENCES TO TITLE 46 P ROVISIONS .—A reference to a title 46 provision, including a reference in a regulation, order, or other law, is deemed to refer to the corresponding source provision. (e) R
EFERENCES TO SOURCE PROVISIONS .—A reference to a source provision, including a reference in a regulation, order, or other law, is deemed to refer to the corresponding title 46 provision. (f) R
EGULATIONS , ORDERS , AND OTHER AD-
MINISTRATIVE ACTIONS .—A regulation, order, or other administrative action in effect under a source provision continues in effect under the corresponding title 46 provision. (g) A
CTIONS TAKEN AND OFFENSES COM-
MITTED .—An action taken or an offense com-mitted under a source provision is deemed to have been taken or committed under the cor-responding title 46 provision. 
SEC. 404. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
This title, including the amendments made by this title, is intended only to transfer pro-visions of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act to title 46, United States Code, and may not be construed to alter— (1) the effect of a provision of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act, including any au-thority or requirement therein; (2) a department or agency interpretation with respect to the Ports and Waterways Safety Act; or (3) a judicial interpretation with respect to the Ports and Waterways Safety Act. 
SEC. 405. ADVISORY COMMITTEE: REPEAL. 
Section 18 of the Coast Guard Authoriza-tion Act of 1991 (Public Law 102–241; 105 Stat. 2213) is repealed. 
SEC. 406. REGATTAS AND MARINE PARADES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 700 of title 46, United States Code, as established by section 401 of this title, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER V—REGATTAS AND MARINE PARADES ‘‘§ 70041. Regattas and marine parades ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard may issue regulations to pro-mote the safety of life on navigable waters during regattas or marine parades. ‘‘(b) DETAIL AND USE OF VESSELS .—To en- force regulations issued under this section— ‘‘(1) the Commandant may detail any pub-lic vessel in the service of the Coast Guard and make use of any private vessel tendered gratuitously for that purpose; and ‘‘(2) upon the request of the Commandant, the head of any other Federal department or agency may enforce the regulations by means of any public vessel of such depart-ment and any private vessel tendered gratu-itously for that purpose. ‘‘(c) T
RANSFER OF AUTHORITY .—The author-ity of the Commandant under this section may be transferred by the President for any special occasion to the head of another Fed-eral department or agency whenever in the President’s judgment such transfer is desir-able. ‘‘(d) P
ENALTIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For any violation of reg-ulations issued pursuant to this section the following penalties shall be incurred: ‘‘(A) A licensed officer shall be liable to suspension or revocation of license in the manner prescribed by law for incompetency or misconduct. ‘‘(B) Any person in charge of the naviga-tion of a vessel other than a licensed officer shall be liable to a penalty of $5,000. ‘‘(C) The owner of a vessel (including any corporate officer of a corporation owning the vessel) actually on board shall be liable to a penalty of $5,000, unless the violation of reg-ulations occurred without the owner’s knowledge. ‘‘(D) Any other person shall be liable to a penalty of $2,500. ‘‘(2) M
ITIGATION OR REMISSION .—The Com-mandant may mitigate or remit any penalty provided for in this subsection in the manner prescribed by law for the mitigation or re-mission of penalties for violation of the navi-gation laws.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 700 of title 46, United States Code, as established by section 401 of this title, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER E —REGATTAS AND MARINE  
PARADES  ‘‘70041. Regattas and marine parades.’’. (c) R
EPEAL .—The Act of April 28, 1908 (35 Stat. 69, chapter 151; 33 U.S.C. 1233 et seq.), is repealed. 
SEC. 407. REGULATION OF VESSELS IN TERRI-TORIAL WATERS OF UNITED STATES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF SUBCHAPTER F.— Chapter 700 of title 46, United States Code, as established by section 401 of this title, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER VI—REGULATION OF VES-SELS IN TERRITORIAL WATERS OF UNITED STATES ‘‘§ 70054. Definitions ‘‘In this subchapter: ‘‘(1) U
NITED STATES .—The term ‘United States’ includes all territory and waters, continental or insular, subject to the juris-diction of the United States. ‘‘(2) T
ERRITORIAL WATERS .—The term ‘ter-ritorial waters of the United States’ includes all waters of the territorial sea of the United States as described in Presidential Procla-mation 5928 of December 27, 1988.’’. (b) R
EGULATION OF ANCHORAGE AND MOVE-
MENT OF VESSELS DURING NATIONAL EMER-
GENCY .—Section 1 of title II of the Act of June 15, 1917 (40 Stat. 220, chapter 30; 50 U.S.C. 191), is amended— (1) by striking the section designation and all that follows before ‘‘by proclamation’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘§ 70051. Regulation of anchorage and move-ment of vessels during national emergency ‘‘Whenever the President’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4638 May 23, 2018 
(2) by striking ‘‘of the Treasury’’; (3) by striking ‘‘of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; (4) by striking ‘‘this title’’ and inserting ‘‘this subchapter’’; and (5) by transferring the section so that the section appears before section 70054 of title 46, United States Code (as added by sub-section (a) of this section). (c) S
EIZURE AND FORFEITURE OF VESSEL ; F
INE AND IMPRISONMENT .—Section 2 of title II of the Act of June 15, 1917 (40 Stat. 220, chapter 30; 50 U.S.C. 192), is amended— (1) by striking the section designation and all that follows before ‘‘agent,’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘§ 70052. Seizure and forfeiture of vessel; fine and imprisonment ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—If any owner,’’; (2) by striking ‘‘this title’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘this subchapter’’; and (3) by transferring the section so that the section appears after section 70051 of title 46, United States Code (as transferred by sub-section (b) of this section). (d) E
NFORCEMENT PROVISIONS .—Section 4 of title II of the Act of June 15, 1917 (40 Stat. 220, chapter 30; 50 U.S.C. 194), is amended— (1) by striking all before ‘‘may employ’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘§ 70053. Enforcement provisions ‘‘The President’’; (2) by striking ‘‘the purpose of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘this subchapter’’; and (3) by transferring the section so that the section appears after section 70052 of title 46, United States Code (as transferred by sub-section (c) of this section). (e) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 700 of title 46, United States Code, as established by section 401 of this title, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER F —REGULATION OF VESSELS IN  
TERRITORIAL WATERS OF UNITED STATES  ‘‘70051. Regulation of anchorage and move-ment of vessels during national emergency. ‘‘70052. Seizure and forfeiture of vessel; fine and imprisonment. ‘‘70053. Enforcement provisions. ‘‘70054. Definitions.’’. 
SEC. 408. PORT, HARBOR, AND COASTAL FACILITY SECURITY. 
(a) T RANSFER OF PROVISIONS .—So much of section 7 of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1226) as precedes subsection (c) of that section is redesignated as section 70102a of title 46, United States Code, and transferred so as to appear after section 70102 of that title. (b) D
EFINITIONS , ADMINISTRATION , AND EN-
FORCEMENT .—Section 70102a of title 46, United States Code, as amended by para-graph (1) of this subsection, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS , ADMINISTRATION , ANDEN-
FORCEMENT .—This section shall be treated as part of chapter 700 for purposes of sections 70031, 70032, 70034, 70035, and 70036.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 701 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 70102 the following: ‘‘70102a. Port, harbor, and coastal facility se-curity.’’. (d) N
ONDISCLOSURE OF PORT SECURITY  P
LANS .—Subsection (c) of section 7 of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1226), as so designated before the application of subsection (b)(1) of this section— (1) is redesignated as subsection (f) of sec-tion 70103 of title 46, United States Code, and transferred so as to appear after subsection (e) of such section; and (2) is amended by striking ‘‘this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘this chapter’’. TITLE V—MARITIME TRANSPORTATION SAFETY SEC. 501. CONSISTENCY IN MARINE INSPEC-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3305 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d)(1) The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall ensure that Officers in Charge, Marine Inspections consistently interpret regulations and standards under this subtitle and chapter 700 to avoid disruption and undue expense to industry. ‘‘(2)(A) Subject to subparagraph (B), in the event of a disagreement regarding the condi-tion of a vessel or the interpretation of a regulation or standard referred to in sub-section (a) between a local Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection conducting an inspection of the vessel and the Officer in Charge, Ma-rine Inspection that issued the most recent certificate of inspection for the vessel, such Officers shall seek to resolve such disagree-ment. ‘‘(B) If a disagreement described in sub-paragraph (A) involves vessel design or plan review, the Coast Guard marine safety cen-ter shall be included in all efforts to resolve such disagreement. ‘‘(C) If a disagreement described in sub-paragraph (A) or (B) cannot be resolved, the local Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection shall submit to the Commandant of the Coast Guard, through the cognizant Coast Guard district commander, a request for a final agency determination of the matter in disagreement. ‘‘(3) The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall— ‘‘(A) provide to each person affected by a decision or action by an Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection or by the Coast Guard ma-rine safety center all information necessary for such person to exercise any right to ap-peal such decision or action; and ‘‘(B) if such an appeal is filed, process such appeal under parts 1 through 4 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017. ‘‘(4) In this section, the term ‘Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection’ means any per-son from the civilian or military branch of the Coast Guard who— ‘‘(A) is designated as such by the Com-mandant; and ‘‘(B) under the superintendence and direc-tion of the cognizant Coast Guard district commander, is in charge of an inspection zone for the performance of duties with re-spect to the inspections under, and enforce-ment and administration of, subtitle II, chapter 700, and regulations under such laws.’’. (b) R
EPORT ON MARINE INSPECTOR TRAIN-
ING.—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the training, experience, and qualifications re-quired for assignment as a marine inspector under section 312 of title 14, United States Code, including— (1) a description of any continuing edu-cation requirement, including a specific list of the required courses; (2) a description of the training, including a specific list of the included courses, offered to a journeyman or an advanced journeyman marine inspector to advance inspection ex-pertise; (3) a description of any training that was offered in the 15-year period before the date of the enactment of this Act, but is no longer required or offered, including a specific list of the included courses, including the senior marine inspector course and any plan review courses; (4) a justification for why a course de-scribed in paragraph (3) is no longer required or offered; and (5) a list of the course content the Com-mandant considers necessary to promote consistency among marine inspectors in an environment of increasingly complex vessels and vessel systems. SEC. 502. UNINSPECTED PASSENGER VESSELS IN ST. LOUIS COUNTY, MINNESOTA. 
Section 4105 of title 46, United States Code, amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) In applying this title with respect to an uninspected vessel of less than 25 feet overall in length that carries passengers on Crane Lake or waters contiguous to such lake in St. Louis County, Minnesota, the Secretary shall substitute ‘12 passengers’ for ‘6 passengers’ each place it appears in sec-tion 2101(42).’’. 
SEC. 503. ENGINE CUT-OFF SWITCH REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 43 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 4312. Engine cut-off switches ‘‘(a) I
NSTALLATION REQUIREMENT .—A manu- facturer, distributor, or dealer that installs propulsion machinery and associated start-ing controls on a covered recreational vessel shall equip such vessel with an engine cut-off switch and engine cut-off switch link that meet American Boat and Yacht Council Standard A-33, as in effect on the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017. ‘‘(b) E
DUCATION ON CUT-OFFSWITCHES .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard, through the National Boating Safety Advisory Com-mittee established under section 15105, may initiate a boating safety program on the use and benefits of cut-off switches for rec-reational vessels. ‘‘(c) A
VAILABILITY OF STANDARD FOR IN-
SPECTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, the Commandant shall transmit Amer-ican Boat and Yacht Council Standard A–33, as in effect on the date of enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017, to— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives; ‘‘(B) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and ‘‘(C) the Coast Guard Office of Design and Engineering Standards; and ‘‘(D) the National Archives and Records Administration. ‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY .—The standard sub-mitted under paragraph (1) shall be kept on file and available for public inspection at such Coast Guard office and the National Ar-chives and Records Administration. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
OVERED RECREATIONAL VESSEL .—The term ‘covered recreational vessel’ means a recreational vessel that is— ‘‘(A) less than 26 feet overall in length; and ‘‘(B) capable of developing 115 pounds or more of static thrust. ‘‘(2) D
EALER .—The term ‘dealer’ means any person who is engaged in the sale and dis-tribution of recreational vessels or associ-ated equipment to purchasers whom the sell-er in good faith believes to be purchasing any such vessel or associated equipment for purposes other than resale. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4639 May 23, 2018 
‘‘(3) D ISTRIBUTOR .—The term ‘distributor’ means any person engaged in the sale and distribution of recreational vessels and asso-ciated equipment for the purposes of resale. ‘‘(4) M
ANUFACTURER .—The term ‘equipment manufacturer’ means any person engaged in the manufacture, construction, or assembly of recreational vessels or associated equip-ment, or the importation of recreational ves-sels into the United States for subsequent sale. ‘‘(5) P
ROPULSION MACHINERY .—The term ‘propulsion machinery’ means a self-con-tained propulsion system, and includes, but is not limited to, inboard engines, outboard motors, and sterndrive engines. ‘‘(6) S
TATIC THRUST .—The term ‘static thrust’ means the forward or backwards thrust developed by propulsion machinery while stationary.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘4312. Engine cut-off switches.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Section 4312 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by this section, shall take effect one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 504. EXCEPTION FROM SURVIVAL CRAFT RE-QUIREMENTS. 
Section 4502(b) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘a sur-vival craft’’ and inserting ‘‘subject to para-graph (3), a survival craft’’; (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) Except for a nonapplicable vessel, an auxiliary craft shall satisfy the equipment requirement under paragraph (2)(B) if such craft is— ‘‘(A) necessary for normal fishing oper-ations; ‘‘(B) readily accessible during an emer-gency; and ‘‘(C) capable, in accordance with the Coast Guard capacity rating, when applicable, of safely holding all individuals on board the vessel to which the craft functions as an aux-iliary.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) For the purposes of this section, the term ‘auxiliary craft’ means a vessel that is carried onboard a fishing vessel and is nor-mally used to support fishing operations.’’. 
SEC. 505. SAFETY STANDARDS. 
Section 4502(f) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraphs (2) and (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) shall examine at dockside a vessel de-scribed in subsection (b) at least once every 5 years, but may require an exam at dockside every 2 years for certain vessels described in subsection (b) if requested by the owner or operator; and ‘‘(3) shall issue a certificate of compliance to a vessel meeting the requirements of this chapter and satisfying the requirements in paragraph (2).’’. 
SEC. 506. FISHING SAFETY GRANTS. 
Section 4502 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsections (i) and (j), by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices’’; (2) in subsection (i)(2), as amended by para-graph (1), by inserting ‘‘, in consultation with and based on criteria established by the Commandant of the Coast Guard’’ after ‘‘Health and Human Services’’; (3) in subsection (i)(3), by striking ‘‘75’’ and inserting ‘‘50’’; (4) in subsection (i)(4), by striking ‘‘$3,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘$3,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2019’’; (5) in subsection (j)(2), as amended by para-graph (1), by inserting ‘‘, in consultation with and based on criteria established by the Commandant of the Coast Guard,’’ after ‘‘Health and Human Services’’; (6) in subsection (j)(3), by striking ‘‘75’’ and inserting ‘‘50’’; and (7) in subsection (j)(4), by striking ‘‘$3,000,000 for each fiscal years 2015 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘$3,000,000 for each of fis-cal years 2018 through 2019’’. SEC. 507. FISHING, FISH TENDER, AND FISH PROCESSING VESSEL CERTIFI-CATION. 
Section 4503(f) of title 46, United States Code, as redesignated by section 508 of this title, is further amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f)(1) For purposes of this section and sec-tion 4503a, the term ‘built’ means, with re-spect to a vessel, that the vessel’s construc-tion has reached any of the following stages: ‘‘(A) The vessel’s keel is laid. ‘‘(B) Construction identifiable with the vessel has begun and assembly of that vessel has commenced comprising of at least 50 metric tons or one percent of the estimated mass of all structural material, whichever is less. ‘‘(2) In the case of a vessel greater than 79 feet overall in length, for purposes of para-graph (1)(A) a keel is deemed to be laid when a marine surveyor affirms that a structure adequate for serving as a keel for such vessel is in place and identified for use in the con-struction of such vessel.’’. 
SEC. 508. DEADLINE FOR COMPLIANCE WITH AL-TERNATE SAFETY COMPLIANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4503(d) of title 46, United States Code, is redesignated as sec-tion 4503a and transferred to appear after section 4503 of such title. (b) F
ISHING , FISHTENDER , AND FISHPROC-
ESSING VESSEL CERTIFICATION .—Section 4503 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (e), (f), and (g) as subsections (d), (e), and (f), respec-tively; (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘sub-section (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4503a’’; (3) in subsection (c)(2)(B)(ii)(I), by striking ‘‘subsection (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)’’; (4) in subsection (c)(2)(B)(ii)(II), by striking ‘‘subsection (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (e)’’; (5) in subsection (e)(1), as amended by para-graph (1) of this subsection, by striking ‘‘subsection (e)’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘subsection (d)’’; and (6) in subsection (e)(2), as amended by para-graph (1) of this subsection, by striking ‘‘subsection (e)’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘subsection (d)’’; (c) A
LTERNATE SAFETY COMPLIANCE PRO-
GRAM .—Section 4503a of title 46, United States Code, as redesignated and transferred by subsection (a) of this section, is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4), and (5) as subsections (a), (b), (c), (d), and (e), respectively; (2) by inserting before subsection (a), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘§ 4503a. Alternate safety compliance pro-gram’’; (3) in subsection (a), as redesignated by paragraph (1) of this subsection, by striking ‘‘After January 1, 2020,’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the Secretary, if’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subsection (c), beginning on the date that is 3 years after the date that the Secretary prescribes an alternate safety compliance program, a fishing vessel, fish processing vessel, or fish tender vessel to which section 4502(b) of this title applies shall comply with such an alternate safety compliance program, if’’; (4) in subsection (a), as so redesignated, by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) as paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), respectively; (5) in subsection (b), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘establishes standards for an alter-nate safety compliance program, shall com-ply with such an alternative safety compli-ance program that is developed in coopera-tion with the commercial fishing industry and prescribed by the Secretary’’ and insert-ing ‘‘prescribes an alternate safety compli-ance program under subsection (a), shall comply with such an alternate safety com-pliance program’’; (6) by amending subsection (c), as so redes-ignated, to read as follows: ‘‘(c) For purposes of subsection (a), a sepa-rate alternate safety compliance program may be developed for a specific region or spe-cific fishery.’’; (7) in subsection (d), as so redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subsection (a)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘that paragraph’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘that sub-section’’; (8) in subsection (e), as so redesignated, by— (A) inserting ‘‘is not eligible to participate in an alternative safety compliance program prescribed under subsection (a) and’’ after ‘‘July 1, 2012’’; and (B) redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively; (9) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) For the purposes of this section, the term ‘built’ has the meaning given that term in section 4503(f).’’. (d) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 45 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4503 the following ‘‘4503a. Alternate safety compliance pro-gram.’’. (e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 3104 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 4503(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 4503(d)’’. (f) F
INAL RULE.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall issue a final rule implementing the requirements enumer-ated in section 4503(d) of title 46, as amended by subsection (b)(1) of this section. (g) A
LTERNATE SAFETY COMPLIANCE PRO-
GRAM STATUS REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 2019, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the status of the develop-ment of the alternate safety compliance pro-gram directed by section 4503a of title 46, United States Code, as redesignated by sub-section (c). (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include discussion of— (A) steps taken in the rulemaking process to establish the alternate safety compliance program; (B) communication and collaboration be-tween the Coast Guard, the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, and the commercial fishing vessel industry regarding the development of the alternate safety com-pliance program; (C) consideration given to developing alter-nate safety compliance programs for specific regions and fisheries, as authorized in sec-tion 4503a(c) of such title, as redesignated by subsection (c); (D) any identified legislative changes nec-essary to implement an effective alternate safety compliance program; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4640 May 23, 2018 
(E) the timeline and planned actions that will be taken to implement regulations nec-essary to fully establish an alternate safety compliance program before January 1, 2020. 
SEC. 509. TERMINATION OF UNSAFE OPER-ATIONS; TECHNICAL CORRECTION. 
Section 4505(2) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘4503(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘4503(a)(2)’’; and (2) by inserting before the period the fol-lowing: ‘‘, except that this paragraph shall not apply with respect to a vessel to which section 4503a applies’’. 
SEC. 510. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS: LICENSES, CERTIFICATES OF REGISTRY, AND MERCHANT MARINER DOCUMENTS. 
Title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 7106(b), by striking ‘‘mer-chant mariner’s document,’’ and inserting ‘‘license,’’; (2) in section 7107(b), by striking ‘‘mer-chant mariner’s document,’’ and inserting ‘‘certificate of registry,’’; (3) in section 7507(b)(1), by striking ‘‘li-censes or certificates of registry’’ and insert-ing ‘‘merchant mariner documents’’; and (4) in section 7507(b)(2) by striking ‘‘mer-chant mariner’s document.’’ and inserting ‘‘license or certificate of registry.’’. 
SEC. 511. CLARIFICATION OF LOGBOOK ENTRIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 11304 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘an offi-cial logbook, which’’ and inserting ‘‘a log-book, which may be in any form, including electronic, and’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by amending para-graph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) Each illness of, and injury to, a sea-man of the vessel, the nature of the illness or injury, and the medical treatment provided for the injury or illness.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 11304(b) is amended by striking ‘‘log book’’ and inserting ‘‘logbook’’. 
SEC. 512. CERTIFICATES OF DOCUMENTATION FOR RECREATIONAL VESSELS. 
Section 12105 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) E
FFECTIVE PERIOD .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3), a certificate of docu-mentation issued under this part is valid for a 1-year period and may be renewed for addi-tional 1-year periods. ‘‘(2) R
ECREATIONAL VESSELS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A certificate of docu-mentation for a recreational vessel and the renewal of such a certificate shall be effec-tive for a 5-year period. ‘‘(B) P
HASE -IN PERIOD .—During the period beginning January 1, 2019, and ending De-cember 31, 2021, the owner or operator of a recreational vessel may choose a period of effectiveness of between 1 and 5 years for such a certificate of documentation for such vessel or the renewal thereof. ‘‘(C) F
EES.— ‘‘(i) R
EQUIREMENT .—The Secretary shall as-sess and collect a fee— ‘‘(I) for the issuance of a certificate of doc-umentation for a recreational vessel that is equivalent to the fee established for the issuance of a certificate of documentation under section 2110; and ‘‘(II) for the renewal of a certificate of doc-umentation for a recreational vessel that is equivalent to the number of years of effec-tiveness of the certificate of documentation multiplied by the fee established for the re-newal of a certificate of documentation under section 2110. ‘‘(ii) T
REATMENT .—Fees collected under this subsection— ‘‘(I) shall be credited to the account from which the costs of such issuance or renewal were paid; and ‘‘(II) may remain available until expended. ‘‘(3) NOTICE OF CHANGE IN INFORMATION .— ‘‘(A) R
EQUIREMENT .—The owner of a vessel shall notify the Coast Guard of each change in the information on which the issuance of the certificate of documentation for the ves-sel is based that occurs before the expiration of the certificate under this subsection, by not later than 30 days after such change. ‘‘(B) T
ERMINATION OF CERTIFICATE .—The certificate of documentation for a vessel shall terminate upon the expiration of such 30-day period if the owner has not notified the Coast Guard of such change before the end of such period. ‘‘(4) S
TATE AND LOCAL AUTHORITY TO RE -
MOVE ABANDONED AND DERELICT VESSELS .— Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit the authority of a State or local au-thority from taking action to remove an abandoned or derelict vessel.’’. 
SEC. 513. NUMBERING FOR UNDOCUMENTED BARGES. 
Section 12301(b) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘shall’’ and inserting ‘‘may’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘of’’ after ‘‘barge’’. 
SEC. 514. BACKUP GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘National Timing Resilience and Security Act of 2018’’. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Chapter 3 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 312. Alternative timing system ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations and not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of the National Timing Resilience and Security Act of 2018, the Secretary shall establish a land-based, resilient, and reliable alternative timing system— ‘‘(1) to reduce critical dependencies on, and provide a complement to and backup for, the timing component of the Global Positioning System; and ‘‘(2) to ensure the availability of uncorrupted and non-degraded timing signals for military and civilian users in the event that GPS timing signals are corrupted, de-graded, unreliable, or otherwise unavailable. ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT OF REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the National Timing Resilience and Security Act of 2018, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the procurement of a land-based com-plement to and backup for the timing com-ponent of GPS. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall consider the following requirements for the system, to the degree practicable: ‘‘(A) Be wireless. ‘‘(B) Be terrestrial. ‘‘(C) Provide wide-area coverage. ‘‘(D) Be synchronized with coordinated uni-versal time. ‘‘(E) Be resilient and extremely difficult to disrupt or degrade. ‘‘(F) Be able to penetrate underground and inside buildings. ‘‘(G) Be capable of deployment to remote locations. ‘‘(H) Incorporate the expertise of the pri-vate sector with respect to development, building, and installation. ‘‘(I) Be interoperable with and complement other similar positioning, navigation, and timing systems, including enhanced long- range navigation systems and Nationwide Differential GPS systems. ‘‘(J) Be available for use by Federal and non-Federal government agencies for public purposes at no cost. ‘‘(K) Be capable of adaptation and expan-sion to provide position and navigation capa-bilities. ‘‘(L) Incorporate the recommendations and next actions from any GPS back-up capa-bility demonstration program initiated and completed by the Secretary, in coordination with other Federal agencies. ‘‘(M) Incorporate such other requirements determined necessary by the Secretary. ‘‘(c) IMPLEMENTATION PLAN.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the National Timing Resilience and Security Act of 2018, the Secretary shall provide to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a plan to im-plement the establishment of the system au-thorized by subsection (a). Such plan shall describe the work necessary to provide a fol-low-on complementary and backup posi-tioning and navigation capability. ‘‘(d) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall transfer, without reimbursement, to the Secretary to carry out this section the following: ‘‘(A) Notwithstanding section 914 of title 14, or any other provision of law, such infra-structure comprising the Long-Range Navi-gation (LORAN) system, including any real and personal property under the administra-tive control of the Coast Guard and used for the LORAN system, as the Secretary deter-mines necessary for the purposes described in subsection (a). ‘‘(B) Any funds specifically appropriated or made available for the purposes described in subsection (a), and such funds shall remain available until expended, without fiscal year limitation. ‘‘(2) L
IABILITIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES .— ‘‘(A) Nothing in this subsection may be construed to limit the application of or oth-erwise affect section 120(h) of the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)). ‘‘(B) The Secretary shall assume all envi-ronmental compliance and restoration re-sponsibilities and liabilities associated with real property transferred under paragraph (1)(A). ‘‘(e) A
GREEMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Federal agencies may not make commitments under this section (including cooperative agreements (as that term is defined under section 6305 of title 31), leases, service contracts, or any other type of commitment) unless funds are specifically provided for such purposes in advance in sub-sequent appropriations Acts, and only to the extent that the full extent of anticipated costs stemming from such commitments is recorded as an obligation up front and in full at the time it is made. ‘‘(2) C
OMPETITION REQUIRED .—The Sec-retary shall use competitive procedures similar to those authorized under section 2667 of title 10 in selecting an entity to enter into an agreement to fulfill the purpose or this section. ‘‘(3) D
ETERMINATION .—Prior to entering into any agreement under this subsection, the Secretary must determine that the use of such agreement is in the best financial in-terest of the Federal Government. ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) E
NTITY .—The term ‘entity’ means a non-Federal entity with the demonstrated technical expertise and requisite administra-tive and financial resources to meet any such terms and conditions as may be estab-lished by the Secretary. ‘‘(2) GPS.—The term ‘GPS’ means the Global Positioning System. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4641 May 23, 2018 
‘‘(3) S ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Transportation.’’. (c) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for chapter 3 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘312. Alternative timing system.’’. 
SEC. 515. SCIENTIFIC PERSONNEL. 
Section 2101(31) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(A) Subject to subpara-graph (B),’’ before the text; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B)(i) Such term includes an individual who is on board an oceanographic research vessel only to— ‘‘(I) engage in scientific research; ‘‘(II) instruct in oceanography or lim-nology; or ‘‘(III) receive instruction in oceanography or limnology. ‘‘(ii) For purposes of clause (i), the age of an individual may not be considered in deter-mining whether the individual is described in such clause.’’. 
SEC. 516. TRANSPARENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall publish any letter of de-termination issued by the Coast Guard Na-tional Vessel Documentation Center after the date of the enactment of this Act on the National Vessel Documentation Center website not later than 30 days after the date of issuance of such letter of determination. (b) A
UDIT.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an audit, the results of which shall be made publicly available, of— (A) the method or process by which the Coast Guard National Vessel Documentation Center develops policy for and documents compliance with the requirements of section 67.97 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, for the purpose of issuing endorsements under section 12112 and 12113 of title 46, United States Code; (B) the coordination between the Coast Guard and U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion with respect to the enforcement of such requirements; and (C) the extent to which the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating and the Secretary of Transpor-tation, through the Maritime Administra-tion, have published and disseminated infor-mation to promote compliance with applica-ble vessel construction requirements. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the audit under paragraph (1) is complete, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report regarding the re-sults of and recommendations made pursu-ant to such audit. (c) O
UTLINE .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the submission of the Comp-troller General of the United States report required under subsection (b), the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives an outline of plans— (1) to enhance the transparency of the doc-umentation process, and communications with the maritime industry regarding such process over the next 5 years; and (2) to implement the recommendations made by the Comptroller General of the United States in the report required under subsection (b)(2). TITLE VI—ADVISORY COMMITTEES SEC. 601. NATIONAL MARITIME TRANSPOR-TATION ADVISORY COMMITTEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle II of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘PART K—NATIONAL MARITIME TRANS-PORTATION ADVISORY COMMITTEES ‘‘CHAPTER 151—NATIONAL MARITIME TRANSPORTATION ADVISORY COMMIT-TEES ‘‘Sec. ‘‘15101. National Chemical Transportation Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘15102. National Commercial Fishing Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘15103. National Merchant Marine Personnel Advisory Committee. ‘‘15104. National Merchant Mariner Medical Advisory Committee. ‘‘15105. National Boating Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘15106. National Offshore Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘15107. National Navigation Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘15108. National Towing Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘15109. Administration. ‘‘§ 15101. National Chemical Transportation Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Chemical Transportation Safety Advisory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall ad-vise the Secretary on matters relating to the safe and secure marine transportation of hazardous materials. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of not more than 25 members ap-pointed by the Secretary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Each member of the Committee shall represent 1 of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) Chemical manufacturing entities. ‘‘(B) Entities related to marine handling or transportation of chemicals. ‘‘(C) Vessel design and construction enti-ties. ‘‘(D) Marine safety or security entities. ‘‘(E) Marine environmental protection en-tities. ‘‘(4) D
ISTRIBUTION .—The Secretary shall, based on the needs of the Coast Guard, deter-mine the number of members of the Com-mittee who represent each entity specified in paragraph (3). Neither this paragraph nor any other provision of law shall be construed to require an equal distribution of members representing each entity specified in para-graph (3). ‘‘§ 15102. National Commercial Fishing Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Commercial Fishing Safety Advi-sory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall— ‘‘(1) advise the Secretary on matters relat-ing to the safe operation of vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies, including the matters of— ‘‘(A) navigation safety; ‘‘(B) safety equipment and procedures; ‘‘(C) marine insurance; ‘‘(D) vessel design, construction, mainte-nance, and operation; and ‘‘(E) personnel qualifications and training; and ‘‘(2) review regulations proposed under chapter 45 of this title (during preparation of the regulations). ‘‘(c) MEMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 18 members appointed by the Sec-retary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Members of the Committee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 10 members shall represent the com-mercial fishing industry and— ‘‘(i) as a group, shall together reflect a re-gional and representational balance; and ‘‘(ii) as individuals, shall each have experi-ence— ‘‘(I) in the operation of vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies; or ‘‘(II) as a crew member or processing line worker on a fish processing vessel. ‘‘(B) 1 member shall represent naval archi-tects and marine engineers. ‘‘(C) 1 member shall represent manufactur-ers of equipment for vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies. ‘‘(D) 1 member shall represent education and training professionals related to fishing vessel, fish processing vessel, and fish tender vessel safety and personnel qualifications. ‘‘(E) 1 member shall represent underwriters that insure vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies. ‘‘(F) 1 member shall represent owners of vessels to which chapter 45 of this title ap-plies. ‘‘(G) 3 members shall represent the general public and, to the extent possible, shall in-clude— ‘‘(i) an independent expert or consultant in maritime safety; ‘‘(ii) a marine surveyor who provides serv-ices to vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies; and ‘‘(iii) a person familiar with issues affect-ing fishing communities and the families of fishermen. ‘‘§ 15103. National Merchant Marine Per-sonnel Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Merchant Marine Personnel Advi-sory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall ad-vise the Secretary on matters relating to personnel in the United States merchant ma-rine, including the training, qualifications, certification, documentation, and fitness of mariners. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 19 members appointed by the Sec-retary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Members of the Committee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 9 members shall represent mariners and, of the 9— ‘‘(i) each shall— ‘‘(I) be a citizen of the United States; and ‘‘(II) hold an active license or certificate issued under chapter 71 of this title or a mer-chant mariner document issued under chap-ter 73 of this title; ‘‘(ii) 3 shall be deck officers who represent merchant marine deck officers and, of the 3— ‘‘(I) 2 shall be licensed for oceans any gross tons; ‘‘(II) 1 shall be licensed for inland river route with a limited or unlimited tonnage; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4642 May 23, 2018 
‘‘(III) 2 shall have a master’s license or a master of towing vessels license; ‘‘(IV) 1 shall have significant tanker expe-rience; and ‘‘(V) to the extent practicable— ‘‘(aa) 1 shall represent labor; and ‘‘(bb) 1 shall represent management; ‘‘(iii) 3 shall be engineering officers who represent merchant marine engineering offi-cers and, of the 3— ‘‘(I) 2 shall be licensed as chief engineer any horsepower; ‘‘(II) 1 shall be licensed as either a limited chief engineer or a designated duty engineer; and ‘‘(III) to the extent practicable— ‘‘(aa) 1 shall represent labor; and ‘‘(bb) 1 shall represent management; ‘‘(iv) 2 shall be unlicensed seamen who rep-resent merchant marine unlicensed seaman and, of the 2— ‘‘(I) 1 shall represent able-bodied seamen; and ‘‘(II) 1 shall represent qualified members of the engine department; and ‘‘(v) 1 shall be a pilot who represents mer-chant marine pilots. ‘‘(B) 6 members shall represent marine edu-cators and, of the 6— ‘‘(i) 3 shall be marine educators who rep-resent maritime academies and, of the 3— ‘‘(I) 2 shall represent State maritime acad-emies (and are jointly recommended by such academies); and ‘‘(II) 1 shall represent either State mari-time academies or the United States Mer-chant Marine Academy; and ‘‘(ii) 3 shall be marine educators who rep-resent other maritime training institutions and, of the 3, 1 shall represent the small ves-sel industry. ‘‘(C) 2 members shall represent shipping companies employed in ship operation man-agement. ‘‘(D) 2 members shall represent the general public. ‘‘§ 15104. National Merchant Mariner Medical Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Merchant Mariner Medical Advi-sory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall ad-vise the Secretary on matters relating to— ‘‘(1) medical certification determinations for the issuance of licenses, certification of registry, and merchant mariners’ documents with respect to merchant mariners; ‘‘(2) medical standards and guidelines for the physical qualifications of operators of commercial vessels; ‘‘(3) medical examiner education; and ‘‘(4) medical research. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 14 members appointed by the Sec-retary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Members of the Committee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 9 shall represent health-care profes-sionals and have particular expertise, knowl-edge, and experience regarding the medical examinations of merchant mariners or occu-pational medicine. ‘‘(B) 5 shall represent professional mari-ners and have particular expertise, knowl-edge, and experience in occupational require-ments for mariners. ‘‘§ 15105. National Boating Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Boating Safety Advisory Com-mittee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) FUNCTION .—The Committee shall ad-vise the Secretary on matters relating to na-tional boating safety. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 21 members appointed by the Sec-retary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Members of the Committee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 7 members shall represent State offi-cials responsible for State boating safety programs. ‘‘(B) 7 members shall represent rec-reational vessel and associated equipment manufacturers. ‘‘(C) 7 members shall represent the general public or national recreational boating orga-nizations and, of the 7, at least 5 shall rep-resent national recreational boating organi-zations. ‘‘§ 15106. National Offshore Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Offshore Safety Advisory Com-mittee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall ad-vise the Secretary on matters relating to ac-tivities directly involved with, or in support of, the exploration of offshore mineral and energy resources, to the extent that such matters are within the jurisdiction of the Coast Guard. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 15 members appointed by the Sec-retary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Members of the Committee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 2 members shall represent entities en-gaged in the production of petroleum. ‘‘(B) 2 members shall represent entities en-gaged in offshore drilling. ‘‘(C) 2 members shall represent entities en-gaged in the support, by offshore supply ves-sels or other vessels, of offshore mineral and oil operations, including geophysical serv-ices. ‘‘(D) 1 member shall represent entities en-gaged in the construction of offshore explo-ration and recovery facilities. ‘‘(E) 1 member shall represent entities en-gaged in diving services related to offshore construction, inspection, and maintenance. ‘‘(F) 1 member shall represent entities en-gaged in safety and training services related to offshore exploration and construction. ‘‘(G) 1 member shall represent entities en-gaged in pipelaying services related to off-shore construction. ‘‘(H) 2 members shall represent individuals employed in offshore operations and, of the 2, 1 shall have recent practical experience on a vessel or offshore unit involved in the off-shore mineral and energy industry. ‘‘(I) 1 member shall represent national en-vironmental entities. ‘‘(J) 1 member shall represent deepwater ports. ‘‘(K) 1 member shall represent the general public (but not a specific environmental group). ‘‘§ 15107. National Navigation Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Navigation Safety Advisory Com-mittee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) FUNCTION .—The Committee shall ad-vise the Secretary on matters relating to maritime collisions, rammings, and groundings, Inland Rules of the Road, Inter-national Rules of the Road, navigation regu-lations and equipment, routing measures, marine information, and aids to navigation systems. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of not more than 21 members ap-pointed by the Secretary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Each member of the Committee shall represent 1 of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) Commercial vessel owners or opera-tors. ‘‘(B) Professional mariners. ‘‘(C) Recreational boaters. ‘‘(D) The recreational boating industry. ‘‘(E) State agencies responsible for vessel or port safety. ‘‘(F) The Maritime Law Association. ‘‘(4) D
ISTRIBUTION .—The Secretary shall, based on the needs of the Coast Guard, deter-mine the number of members of the Com-mittee who represent each entity specified in paragraph (3). Neither this paragraph nor any other provision of law shall be construed to require an equal distribution of members representing each entity specified in para-graph (3). ‘‘§ 15108. National Towing Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Towing Safety Advisory Com-mittee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall ad-vise the Secretary on matters relating to shallow-draft inland navigation, coastal wa-terway navigation, and towing safety. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 18 members appointed by the Sec-retary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Members of the Committee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 7 members shall represent the barge and towing industry, reflecting a regional geographic balance. ‘‘(B) 1 member shall represent the offshore mineral and oil supply vessel industry. ‘‘(C) 1 member shall represent masters and pilots of towing vessels who hold active li-censes and have experience on the Western Rivers and the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway. ‘‘(D) 1 member shall represent masters of towing vessels in offshore service who hold active licenses. ‘‘(E) 1 member shall represent masters of active ship-docking or harbor towing vessels. ‘‘(F) 1 member shall represent licensed and unlicensed towing vessel engineers with for-mal training and experience. ‘‘(G) 2 members shall represent port dis-tricts, authorities, or terminal operators. ‘‘(H) 2 members shall represent shippers and, of the 2, 1 shall be engaged in the ship-ment of oil or hazardous materials by barge. ‘‘(I) 2 members shall represent the general public. ‘‘§ 15109. Administration ‘‘(a) M
EETINGS .—Each committee estab-lished under this chapter shall, at least once 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4643 May 23, 2018 
each year, meet at the call of the Secretary or a majority of the members of the com-mittee. ‘‘(b) E
MPLOYEE STATUS .—A member of a committee established under this chapter shall not be considered an employee of the Federal Government by reason of service on such committee, except for the purposes of the following: ‘‘(1) Chapter 81 of title 5. ‘‘(2) Chapter 171 of title 28 and any other Federal law relating to tort liability. ‘‘(c) C
OMPENSATION .—Notwithstanding sub-section (b), a member of a committee estab-lished under this chapter, when actually en-gaged in the performance of the duties of such committee, may— ‘‘(1) receive compensation at a rate estab-lished by the Secretary, not to exceed the maximum daily rate payable under section 5376 of title 5; or ‘‘(2) if not compensated in accordance with paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) be reimbursed for actual and reason-able expenses incurred in the performance of such duties; or ‘‘(B) be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, as authorized by section 5703 of title 5. ‘‘(d) A
CCEPTANCE OF VOLUNTEER SERV-
ICES.—A member of a committee established under this chapter may serve on such com-mittee on a voluntary basis without pay without regard to section 1342 of title 31 or any other law. ‘‘(e) S
TATUS OF MEMBERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), with respect to a member of a committee established under this chapter whom the Secretary appoints to represent an entity or group— ‘‘(A) the member is authorized to represent the interests of the applicable entity or group; and ‘‘(B) requirements under Federal law that would interfere with such representation and that apply to a special Government em-ployee (as defined in section 202(a) of title 18), including requirements relating to em-ployee conduct, political activities, ethics, conflicts of interest, and corruption, do not apply to the member. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding sub-section (b), a member of a committee estab-lished under this chapter shall be treated as a special Government employee for purposes of the committee service of the member if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary appointed the member to represent the general public; or ‘‘(B) the member, without regard to service on the committee, is a special Government employee. ‘‘(f) S
ERVICE ON COMMITTEE .— ‘‘(1) S
OLICITATION OF NOMINATIONS .—Before appointing an individual as a member of a committee established under this chapter, the Secretary shall publish, in the Federal Register, a timely notice soliciting nomina-tions for membership on such committee. ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—After considering nomi-nations received pursuant to a notice pub-lished under paragraph (1), the Secretary may, as necessary, appoint a member to the applicable committee established under this chapter. ‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION .—The Secretary shall not seek, consider, or otherwise use information concerning the political affiliation of a nominee in making an appointment to any committee established under this chapter. ‘‘(3) S
ERVICE AT PLEASURE OF THE SEC -
RETARY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each member of a com-mittee established under this chapter shall serve at the pleasure of the Secretary. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding sub-paragraph (A), a member of the committee established under section 15102 may only be removed prior to the end of the term of that member for just cause. ‘‘(4) SECURITY BACKGROUND EXAMINATIONS .— The Secretary may require an individual to have passed an appropriate security back-ground examination before appointment to a committee established under this chapter. ‘‘(5) P
ROHIBITION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), a Federal employee may not be appointed as a member of a com-mittee established under this chapter. ‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE FOR NATIONAL MERCHANT  
MARINE PERSONNEL ADVISORY COMMITTEE .— The Secretary may appoint a Federal em-ployee to serve as a member of the National Merchant Marine Personnel Advisory Com-mittee to represent the interests of the United States Merchant Marine Academy and, notwithstanding paragraphs (1) and (2), may do so without soliciting, receiving, or considering nominations for such appoint-ment. ‘‘(6) T
ERMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term of each mem-ber of a committee established under this chapter shall expire on December 31 of the third full year after the effective date of the appointment. ‘‘(B) C
ONTINUED SERVICE AFTER TERM .— When the term of a member of a committee established under this chapter ends, the member, for a period not to exceed 1 year, may continue to serve as a member until a successor is appointed. ‘‘(7) V
ACANCIES .—A vacancy on a com-mittee established under this chapter shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. ‘‘(8) S
PECIAL RULE FOR REAPPOINTMENTS .— Notwithstanding paragraphs (1) and (2), the Secretary may reappoint a member of a com-mittee established under this chapter for any term, other than the first term of the mem-ber, without soliciting, receiving, or consid-ering nominations for such appointment. ‘‘(g) S
TAFF SERVICES .—The Secretary shall furnish to each committee established under this chapter any staff and services consid-ered by the Secretary to be necessary for the conduct of the committee’s functions. ‘‘(h) C
HAIRMAN ; VICECHAIRMAN .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each committee estab-lished under this chapter shall elect a Chair-man and Vice Chairman from among the committee’s members. ‘‘(2) V
ICE CHAIRMAN ACTING AS CHAIRMAN .— The Vice Chairman shall act as Chairman in the absence or incapacity of, or in the event of a vacancy in the office of, the Chairman. ‘‘(i) S
UBCOMMITTEES AND WORKING  G
ROUPS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chairman of a com-mittee established under this chapter may establish and disestablish subcommittees and working groups for any purpose con-sistent with the function of the committee. ‘‘(2) P
ARTICIPANTS .—Subject to conditions imposed by the Chairman, members of a committee established under this chapter and additional persons drawn from entities or groups designated by this chapter to be represented on the committee or the general public may be assigned to subcommittees and working groups established under para-graph (1). ‘‘(3) C
HAIR.—Only committee members may chair subcommittees and working groups es-tablished under paragraph (1). ‘‘(j) C
ONSULTATION , ADVICE , REPORTS , AND R
ECOMMENDATIONS .— ‘‘(1) C
ONSULTATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Before taking any sig-nificant action, the Secretary shall consult with, and consider the information, advice, and recommendations of, a committee estab-lished under this chapter if the function of the committee is to advise the Secretary on matters related to the significant action. ‘‘(B) INCLUSION .—For purposes of this para-graph, regulations proposed under chapter 45 of this title are significant actions. ‘‘(2) A
DVICE , REPORTS , AND RECOMMENDA -
TIONS .—Each committee established under this chapter shall submit, in writing, to the Secretary its advice, reports, and rec-ommendations, in a form and at a frequency determined appropriate by the committee. ‘‘(3) E
XPLANATION OF ACTIONS TAKEN .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the Secretary receives recommendations from a committee under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) publish the recommendations on a website accessible at no charge to the public; ‘‘(B) if the recommendations are from the committee established under section 15102, establish a mechanism for the submission of public comments on the recommendations; and ‘‘(C) respond, in writing, to the committee regarding the recommendations, including by providing an explanation of actions taken regarding the recommendations. ‘‘(4) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate the advice, reports, and recommendations re-ceived from committees under paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL SUBMISSION .—With respect to a committee established under section 70112 and to which this section applies, the Secretary shall submit the advice, reports, and recommendations received from the committee under paragraph (2) to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives in addition to the commit-tees specified in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(k) O
BSERVERS .—Any Federal agency with matters under such agency’s administrative jurisdiction related to the function of a com-mittee established under this chapter may designate a representative to— ‘‘(1) attend any meeting of such com-mittee; and ‘‘(2) participate as an observer at meetings of such committee that relate to such a mat-ter. ‘‘(l) T
ERMINATION .—Each committee estab-lished under this chapter shall terminate on September 30, 2027.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for subtitle II of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to chapter 147 the following: ‘‘Part K–National Maritime Transportation Advisory Committees ‘‘151. National Maritime Transpor-tation Advisory Committees.........15101’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) C
OMMERCIAL FISHING SAFETY ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE .—Section 4508 of title 46, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 45 of that title, are repealed. (2) M
ERCHANT MARINER MEDICAL ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE .—Section 7115 of title 46, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 71 of that title, are repealed. (3) M
ERCHANT MARINE PERSONNEL ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE .— (A) R
EPEAL .—Section 8108 of title 46, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 81 of that title, are repealed. (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 7510(c)(1)(C) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘National’’ before ‘‘Merchant Marine’’. (4) N
ATIONAL BOATING SAFETY ADVISORY  
COUNCIL .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4644 May 23, 2018 
(A) R EPEAL .—Section 13110 of title 46, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 131 of that title, are repealed. (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (i) R
EGULATIONS .—Section 4302(c)(4) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Council established under section 13110 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘Committee es-tablished under section 15105 of this title’’. (ii) R
EPAIR AND REPLACEMENT OF DE -
FECTS .—Section 4310(f) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Advi-sory Council’’ and inserting ‘‘Advisory Com-mittee’’. (5) N
AVIGATION SAFETY ADVISORY COUNCIL .— Section 5 of the Inland Navigational Rules Act of 1980 (33 U.S.C. 2073) is repealed. (6) T
OWING SAFETY ADVISORY COMMITTEE .— (A) R
EPEAL .—Public Law 96–380 (33 U.S.C. 1231a) is repealed. (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (i) R
EDUCTION OF OIL SPILLS FROM SINGLE  
HULL NON -SELF-PROPELLED TANK VESSELS .— Section 3719 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘National’’ before ‘‘Towing Safety’’. (ii) S
AFETY EQUIPMENT .—Section 4102(f)(1) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘National’’ before ‘‘Towing Safe-ty’’. (d) T
REATMENT OF EXISTING COUNCILS AND  C
OMMITTEES .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law— (1) an advisory council or committee sub-stantially similar to an advisory committee established under chapter 151 of title 46, United States Code, as added by this divi-sion, and that was in force or in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this sec-tion, including a council or committee the authority for which was repealed under sub-section (c), may remain in force or in effect for a period of 2 years from the date of enact-ment of this section, including that the char-ter, membership, and other aspects of the council or committee may remain in force or in effect; and (2) during the 2-year period referenced in paragraph (1)— (A) requirements relating to the applicable advisory committee established under chap-ter 151 of title 46, United States Code, shall be treated as satisfied by the substantially similar advisory council or committee; and (B) the enactment of this section, includ-ing the amendments made in this section, shall not be the basis— (i) to deem, find, or declare such council or committee, including the charter, member-ship, and other aspects thereof, void, not in force, or not in effect; (ii) to suspend the activities of such coun-cil or committee; or (iii) to bar the members of such council or committee from meeting. 
SEC. 602. MARITIME SECURITY ADVISORY COM-MITTEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 70112 of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 70112. Maritime Security Advisory Commit-tees ‘‘(a) N
ATIONAL MARITIME SECURITY ADVI-
SORY COMMITTEE .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Maritime Security Advisory Com-mittee (in this subsection referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(2) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall ad-vise the Secretary on matters relating to na-tional maritime security. ‘‘(3) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of at least 8 members, but not more than 21 members, appointed by the Secretary in accordance with this subsection and sec-tion 15109 of this title. ‘‘(B) EXPERTISE .—Each member of the Committee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(C) R
EPRESENTATION .—Each of the fol-lowing shall be represented by at least 1 member of the Committee: ‘‘(i) Port authorities. ‘‘(ii) Facilities owners and operators. ‘‘(iii) Terminal owners and operators. ‘‘(iv) Vessel owners and operators. ‘‘(v) Maritime labor organizations. ‘‘(vi) The academic community. ‘‘(vii) State and local governments. ‘‘(viii) The maritime industry. ‘‘(D) D
ISTRIBUTION .—If the Committee con-sists of at least 8 members who, together, satisfy the minimum representation require-ments of subparagraph (C), the Secretary shall, based on the needs of the Coast Guard, determine the number of additional members of the Committee who represent each entity specified in that subparagraph. Neither this subparagraph nor any other provision of law shall be construed to require an equal dis-tribution of members representing each enti-ty specified in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(4) A
DMINISTRATION .—For purposes of sec-tion 15109 of this title, the Committee shall be treated as a committee established under chapter 151 of such title. ‘‘(b) A
REA MARITIME SECURITY ADVISORY  C
OMMITTEES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary may— ‘‘(i) establish an Area Maritime Security Advisory Committee for any port area of the United States; and ‘‘(ii) request such a committee to review the proposed Area Maritime Transportation Security Plan developed under section 70103(b) and make recommendations to the Secretary that the committee considers ap-propriate. ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL FUNCTIONS AND MEET -
INGS.—A committee established under this subsection for an area— ‘‘(i) may advise, consult with, report to, and make recommendations to the Secretary on matters relating to maritime security in that area; ‘‘(ii) may make available to the Congress recommendations that the committee makes to the Secretary; and ‘‘(iii) shall meet at the call of— ‘‘(I) the Secretary, who shall call such a meeting at least once during each calendar year; or ‘‘(II) a majority of the committee. ‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each committee estab-lished under this subsection shall consist of at least 7 members appointed by the Sec-retary, each of whom has at least 5 years practical experience in maritime security operations. ‘‘(B) T
ERMS .—The term of each member of a committee established under this sub-section shall be for a period of not more than 5 years, specified by the Secretary. ‘‘(C) N
OTICE .—Before appointing an indi-vidual to a position on a committee estab-lished under this subsection, the Secretary shall publish a notice in the Federal Register soliciting nominations for membership on the committee. ‘‘(D) B
ACKGROUND EXAMINATIONS .—The Sec- retary may require an individual to have passed an appropriate security background examination before appointment to a com-mittee established under this subsection. ‘‘(E) R
EPRESENTATION .—Each committee established under this subsection shall be composed of individuals who represent the interests of the port industry, terminal oper-ators, port labor organizations, and other users of the port areas. ‘‘(3) CHAIRPERSON AND VICE CHAIRPERSON .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each committee estab-lished under this subsection shall elect 1 of the committee’s members as the Chairperson and 1 of the committee’s members as the Vice Chairperson. ‘‘(B) V
ICE CHAIRPERSON ACTING AS CHAIR -
PERSON .—The Vice Chairperson shall act as Chairperson in the absence or incapacity of the Chairperson, or in the event of a vacancy in the office of the Chairperson. ‘‘(4) O
BSERVERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, and the head of any other interested Federal agency may, designate a representative to participate as an observer with a committee established under this subsection. ‘‘(B) R
OLE.—The Secretary’s designated representative to a committee established under this subsection shall act as the execu-tive secretary of the committee and shall perform the duties set forth in section 10(c) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). ‘‘(5) C
ONSIDERATION OF VIEWS .—The Sec- retary shall consider the information, ad-vice, and recommendations of each com-mittee established under this subsection in formulating policy regarding matters affect-ing maritime security. ‘‘(6) C
OMPENSATION AND EXPENSES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A member of a com-mittee established under this subsection, when attending meetings of the committee or when otherwise engaged in the business of the committee, is entitled to receive— ‘‘(i) compensation at a rate fixed by the Secretary, not exceeding the daily equiva-lent of the current rate of basic pay in effect for GS–15 of the General Schedule under sec-tion 5332 of title 5 including travel time; and ‘‘(ii) travel or transportation expenses under section 5703 of title 5. ‘‘(B) S
TATUS .—A member of a committee established under this subsection shall not be considered to be an officer or employee of the United States for any purpose based on the receipt of any payment under this para-graph. ‘‘(7) FACA.—The Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) does not apply to a committee established under this sub-section.’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF EXISTING COMMITTEE .— Notwithstanding any other provision of law— (1) an advisory committee substantially similar to the National Maritime Security Advisory Committee established under sec-tion 70112(a) of title 46, United States Code, as amended by this section, and that was in force or in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this section, may remain in force or in effect for a period of 2 years from the date of enactment of this section, includ-ing that the charter, membership, and other aspects of the committee may remain in force or in effect; and (2) during the 2-year period referenced in paragraph (1)— (A) requirements relating to the National Maritime Security Advisory Committee es-tablished under section 70112(a) of title 46, United States Code, as amended by this sec-tion, shall be treated as satisfied by the sub-stantially similar advisory committee; and (B) the enactment of this section, includ-ing the amendments made in this section, shall not be the basis— (i) to deem, find, or declare such com-mittee, including the charter, membership, and other aspects thereof, void, not in force, or not in effect; (ii) to suspend the activities of such com-mittee; or (iii) to bar the members of such committee from meeting. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4645 May 23, 2018 
TITLE VII—FEDERAL MARITIME COMMISSION 
SEC. 701. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Maritime Commission Authorization Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 702. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 308 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$24,700,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘$28,012,310 for fiscal year 2018 and $28,544,543 for fiscal year 2019’’. 
SEC. 703. REPORTING ON IMPACT OF ALLIANCES ON COMPETITION. 
Section 306 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) an analysis of the impacts on competi-tion for the purchase of certain covered serv-ices by alliances of ocean common carriers acting pursuant to an agreement under this part between or among ocean common car-riers, including a summary of actions, in-cluding corrective actions, taken by the Commission to promote such competition.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) D
EFINITION OF CERTAIN COVERED SERV-
ICES.—In this section, the term ‘certain cov-ered services’ has the meaning given the term in section 40102.’’. 
SEC. 704. DEFINITION OF CERTAIN COVERED SERVICES. 
Section 40102 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (25) as paragraphs (6) through (26), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (4), the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) C
ERTAIN COVERED SERVICES .—For pur- poses of sections 41105 and 41307, the term ‘certain covered services’ means, with re-spect to a vessel— ‘‘(A) the berthing or bunkering of the ves-sel; ‘‘(B) the loading or unloading of cargo to or from the vessel to or from a point on a wharf or terminal; ‘‘(C) the positioning, removal, or replace-ment of buoys related to the movement of the vessel; and ‘‘(D) with respect to injunctive relief under section 41307, towing vessel services provided to such a vessel.’’. 
SEC. 705. REPORTS FILED WITH THE COMMIS-SION. 
Section 40104(a) of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Federal Maritime Commission may require a common carrier or marine terminal operator, or an officer, receiver, trustee, lessee, agent, or employee of the common carrier or marine terminal operator to file with the Commission a peri-odical or special report, an account, record, rate, or charge, or a memorandum of facts and transactions related to the business of the common carrier or marine terminal op-erator, as applicable. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Any report, account, record, rate, charge, or memorandum re-quired to be filed under paragraph (1) shall— ‘‘(A) be made under oath if the Commission requires; and ‘‘(B) be filed in the form and within the time prescribed by the Commission. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—The Commission shall— ‘‘(A) limit the scope of any filing ordered under this section to fulfill the objective of the order; and ‘‘(B) provide a reasonable period of time for respondents to respond based upon their capabilities and the scope of the order.’’. SEC. 706. PUBLIC PARTICIPATION. 
(a) N OTICE OF FILING .—Section 40304(a) of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) N
OTICE OF FILING .—Not later than 7 days after the date an agreement is filed, the Federal Maritime Commission shall— ‘‘(1) transmit a notice of the filing to the Federal Register for publication; and ‘‘(2) request interested persons to submit relevant information and documents.’’. (b) R
EQUEST FOR INFORMATION AND DOCU-
MENTS .—Section 40304(d) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘part’’. (c) S
AVING CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-tion, or the amendments made by this sec-tion, may be construed— (1) to prevent the Federal Maritime Com-mission from requesting from a person, at any time, any additional information or doc-uments the Commission considers necessary to carry out chapter 403 of title 46, United States Code; (2) to prescribe a specific deadline for the submission of relevant information and doc-uments in response to a request under sec-tion 40304(a)(2) of title 46, United States Code; or (3) to limit the authority of the Commis-sion to request information under section 40304(d) of title 46, United States Code. 
SEC. 707. OCEAN TRANSPORTATION INTER-MEDIARIES. 
(a) L ICENSE REQUIREMENT .—Section 40901(a) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘advertise, hold oneself out, or’’ after ‘‘may not’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—Section 40901 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) A
PPLICABILITY .—Subsection (a) and section 40902 do not apply to a person that performs ocean transportation intermediary services on behalf of an ocean transportation intermediary for which it is a disclosed agent.’’. (c) F
INANCIAL RESPONSIBILITY .—Section 40902(a) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘advertise, hold one-self out, or’’ after ‘‘may not’’. 
SEC. 708. COMMON CARRIERS. 
(a) Section 41104 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’ before ‘‘A common carrier’’; (2) in subsection (a), as designated— (A) by amending paragraph (11) to read as follows: ‘‘(11) knowingly and willfully accept cargo from or transport cargo for the account of a non-vessel-operating common carrier that does not have a tariff as required by section 40501 of this title, or an ocean transportation intermediary that does not have a bond, in-surance, or other surety as required by sec-tion 40902 of this title;’’; (B) in paragraph (12), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) continue to participate simulta-neously in a rate discussion agreement and an agreement to share vessels, in the same trade, if the interplay of the authorities ex-ercised by the specified agreements is likely, by a reduction in competition, to produce an unreasonable reduction in transportation service or an unreasonable increase in trans-portation cost.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, there is no private right of action to enforce the pro-hibition under subsection (a)(13). ‘‘(c) AGREEMENT VIOLATION .—Participants in an agreement found by the Commission to violate subsection (a)(13) shall have 90 days from the date of such Commission finding to withdraw from the agreement as necessary to comply with that subsection.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION .—Section 41104(a)(13) of title 46, United States Code, as amended, shall apply to any agreement filed or with an effective date before, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 709. NEGOTIATIONS. 
(a) C ONCERTED ACTION .—Section 41105 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (8) as paragraphs (7) through (10), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) negotiate with a tug or towing vessel service provider on any matter relating to rates or services provided within the United States by those tugs or towing vessels; ‘‘(6) with respect to a vessel operated by an ocean common carrier within the United States, negotiate for the purchase of certain covered services, unless the negotiations and any resulting agreements are not in viola-tion of the antitrust laws and are consistent with the purposes of this part, except that this paragraph does not prohibit the setting and publishing of a joint through rate by a conference, joint venture, or association of ocean common carriers;’’. (b) A
UTHORITY .—Chapter 411 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting after section 41105 the fol-lowing: ‘‘§ 41105A. Authority ‘‘Nothing in section 41105, as amended by the Federal Maritime Commission Author-ization Act of 2017, shall be construed to limit the authority of the Department of Justice regarding antitrust matters.’’; and (2) in the analysis at the beginning of chap-ter 411, by inserting after the item relating to section 41105 the following: ‘‘41105A. Authority.’’. (c) E
XEMPTION .—Section 40307(b)(1) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by insert-ing ‘‘tug operators,’’ after ‘‘motor carriers,’’. 
SEC. 710. INJUNCTIVE RELIEF SOUGHT BY THE COMMISSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 41307(b) of title 46, United States Code is amended— (1) in paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘or to sub-stantially lessen competition in the pur-chasing of certain covered services’’ after ‘‘transportation cost’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) C
OMPETITION FACTORS .—In making a determination under this subsection regard-ing whether an agreement is likely to sub-stantially lessen competition in the pur-chasing of certain covered services, the Com-mission may consider any relevant competi-tion factors in affected markets, including, without limitation, the competitive effect of agreements other than the agreement under review.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION .—Section 41307(b) of title 46, United States Code, as amended, shall apply to any agreement filed or with an ef-fective date before, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 711. DISCUSSIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 303 of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 303. Meetings ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Federal Maritime Commission shall be deemed to be an agency for purposes of section 552b of title 5. ‘‘(b) R
ECORD .—The Commission, through its secretary, shall keep a record of its meet-ings and the votes taken on any action, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4646 May 23, 2018 
order, contract, or financial transaction of the Commission. ‘‘(c) N
ONPUBLIC COLLABORATIVE DISCUS -
SIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 552b of title 5, a majority of the Commis-sioners may hold a meeting that is not open to public observation to discuss official agency business if— ‘‘(A) no formal or informal vote or other official agency action is taken at the meet-ing; ‘‘(B) each individual present at the meet-ing is a Commissioner or an employee of the Commission; ‘‘(C) at least 1 Commissioner from each po-litical party is present at the meeting, if ap-plicable; and ‘‘(D) the General Counsel of the Commis-sion is present at the meeting. ‘‘(2) D
ISCLOSURE OF NONPUBLIC COLLABO -
RATIVE DISCUSSIONS .—Except as provided under paragraph (3), not later than 2 business days after the conclusion of a meeting under paragraph (1), the Commission shall make available to the public, in a place easily ac-cessible to the public— ‘‘(A) a list of the individuals present at the meeting; and ‘‘(B) a summary of the matters discussed at the meeting, except for any matters the Commission properly determines may be withheld from the public under section 552b(c) of title 5. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .—If the Commission prop-erly determines matters may be withheld from the public under section 555b(c) of title 5, the Commission shall provide a summary with as much general information as possible on those matters withheld from the public. ‘‘(4) O
NGOING PROCEEDINGS .—If a meeting under paragraph (1) directly relates to an on-going proceeding before the Commission, the Commission shall make the disclosure under paragraph (2) on the date of the final Com-mission decision. ‘‘(5) P
RESERVATION OF OPEN MEETINGS RE -
QUIREMENTS FOR AGENCY ACTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to limit the applicability of section 552b of title 5 with respect to a meeting of the Commis-sioners other than that described in this sub-section. ‘‘(6) S
TATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed— ‘‘(A) to limit the applicability of section 552b of title 5 with respect to any informa-tion which is proposed to be withheld from the public under paragraph (2)(B) of this sub-section; or ‘‘(B) to authorize the Commission to with-hold from any individual any record that is accessible to that individual under section 552a of title 5.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 3 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by amending the item relating to section 303 to read as fol-lows: ‘‘303. Meetings.’’. 
SEC. 712. TRANSPARENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Federal Maritime Commission shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives biannual reports that describe the Commission’s progress toward addressing the issues raised in each unfinished regulatory proceeding, regardless of whether the pro-ceeding is subject to a statutory or regu-latory deadline. (b) F
ORMAT OF REPORTS .—Each report under subsection (a) shall, among other things, clearly identify for each unfinished regulatory proceeding— (1) the popular title; (2) the current stage of the proceeding; (3) an abstract of the proceeding; (4) what prompted the action in question; (5) any applicable statutory, regulatory, or judicial deadline; (6) the associated docket number; (7) the date the rulemaking was initiated; (8) a date for the next action; and (9) if a date for next action identified in the previous report is not met, the reason for the delay. SEC. 713. STUDY OF BANKRUPTCY PREPARATION AND RESPONSE. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study that examines the immediate aftermath of a major ocean carrier bankruptcy and its im-pact through the supply chain. The study shall consider any financial mechanisms that could be used to mitigate the impact of any future bankruptcy events on the supply chain. (b) R
EPORT .—No later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report containing the findings, con-clusions, and recommendations, if any, from the study required under subsection (a). 
SEC. 714. AGREEMENTS UNAFFECTED. 
Nothing in this division may be con-strued— (1) to limit or amend the definition of ‘‘agreement’’ in section 40102(1) of title 46, United States Code, with respect to the ex-clusion of maritime labor agreements; or (2) to apply to a maritime labor agreement (as defined in section 40102(15) of that title). TITLE VIII—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 801. REPEAL OF OBSOLETE REPORTING RE-QUIREMENT. 
Subsection (h) of section 888 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 468) is re-pealed. 
SEC. 802. CORRECTIONS TO PROVISIONS EN-ACTED BY COAST GUARD AUTHOR-IZATION ACTS. 
Section 604(b) of the Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–281; 128 Stat. 3061) is amended by inserting ‘‘and fishery endorse-ment’’ after ‘‘endorsement’’. 
SEC. 803. OFFICER EVALUATION REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall reduce lieutenant junior grade evaluation re-ports to the same length as an ensign or place lieutenant junior grade evaluations on an annual schedule. (b) S
URVEYS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall con-duct surveys of— (1) outgoing promotion board members and assignment officers to determine, at a min-imum— (A) which sections of the officer evaluation report were most useful; (B) which sections of the officer evaluation report were least useful; (C) how to better reflect high performers; and (D) any recommendations for improving the officer evaluation report; and (2) at least 10 percent of the officers from each grade of officers from O1 to O6 to deter-mine how much time each member of the rating chain spends on that member’s por-tion of the officer evaluation report. (c) R
EVISIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 4 years after the date of the completion of the sur-veys required by subsection (b), the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard shall revise the officer evaluation report, and provide cor-responding directions, taking into account the requirements under paragraph (2). (2) REQUIREMENTS .—In revising the officer evaluation report under paragraph (1), the Commandant shall— (A) consider the findings of the surveys under subsection (b); (B) improve administrative efficiency; (C) reduce and streamline performance di-mensions and narrative text; (D) eliminate redundancy with the officer specialty management system and any other record information systems that are used during the officer assignment or promotion process; (E) provide for fairness and equity for Coast Guard officers with regard to pro-motion boards, selection panels, and the as-signment process; and (F) ensure officer evaluation responsibil-ities can be accomplished within normal working hours— (i) to minimize any impact to officer du-ties; and (ii) to eliminate any need for an officer to take liberty or leave for administrative pur-poses. (d) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 545 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report on the findings of the surveys under subsection (b). (2) F
ORMAT .—The report under paragraph (1) shall be formatted by each rank, type of board, and position, as applicable. 
SEC. 804. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY. 
Section 404 of the Coast Guard Authoriza-tion Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–281; 124 Stat. 2950) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the text preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘sections 3304, 5333, and 5753’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3304’’; and (2) by striking subsection (b), and redesig-nating subsection (c) as subsection (b). 
SEC. 805. COAST GUARD ROTC PROGRAM. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the costs and benefits of creating a Coast Guard Reserve Officers’ Training Corps Program based on the other Armed Forces programs. 
SEC. 806. CURRENCY DETECTION CANINE TEAM PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
ANINE CURRENCY DETECTION TEAM .—The term ‘‘canine currency detection team’’ means a canine and a canine handler that are trained to detect currency. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. (b) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a program to allow the use of canine currency detection teams for purposes of Coast Guard maritime law enforcement, including underway vessel boardings. (c) O
PERATION .—The Secretary may co-operate with, or enter into an agreement with, the head of another Federal agency to meet the requirements under subsection (b). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4647 May 23, 2018 
SEC. 807. CENTER OF EXPERTISE FOR GREAT LAKES OIL SPILL SEARCH AND RE-SPONSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall estab-lish a Center of Expertise for Great Lakes Oil Spill Preparedness and Response (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Center of Ex-pertise’’) in accordance with section 313 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this division. (b) L
OCATION .—The Center of Expertise shall be located in close proximity to— (1) critical crude oil transportation infra-structure on and connecting the Great Lakes, such as submerged pipelines and high- traffic navigation locks; and (2) an institution of higher education with adequate aquatic research laboratory facili-ties and capabilities and expertise in Great Lakes aquatic ecology, environmental chem-istry, fish and wildlife, and water resources. (c) F
UNCTIONS .—The Center of Expertise shall— (1) monitor and assess, on an ongoing basis, the current state of knowledge regard-ing freshwater oil spill response technologies and the behavior and effects of oil spills in the Great Lakes; (2) identify any significant gaps in Great Lakes oil spill research, including an assess-ment of major scientific or technological de-ficiencies in responses to past spills in the Great Lakes and other freshwater bodies, and seek to fill those gaps; (3) conduct research, development, testing, and evaluation for freshwater oil spill re-sponse equipment, technologies, and tech-niques to mitigate and respond to oil spills in the Great Lakes; (4) educate and train Federal, State, and local first responders located in Coast Guard District 9 in— (A) the incident command system struc-ture; (B) Great Lakes oil spill response tech-niques and strategies; and (C) public affairs; and (5) work with academic and private sector response training centers to develop and standardize maritime oil spill response training and techniques for use on the Great Lakes. (d) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘Great Lakes’’ means Lake Superior, Lake Michigan, Lake Huron, Lake Erie, and Lake Ontario. 
SEC. 808. PUBLIC SAFETY ANSWERING POINTS AND MARITIME SEARCH AND RES-CUE COORDINATION. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act— (1) the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating acting through the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall review Coast Guard policies and proce-dures for public safety answering points and search-and-rescue coordination with State and local law enforcement entities in order to— (A) further minimize the possibility of maritime 911 calls being improperly routed; and (B) assure the Coast Guard is able to effec-tively carry out the Coast Guard’s maritime search and rescue mission; and (2) the Commandant shall— (A) formulate a national maritime public safety answering points policy; and (B) submit a report to the Congress on such assessment and policy, which shall include an update to the report submitted in accord-ance with section 233 of the Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014. SEC. 809. SHIP SHOAL LIGHTHOUSE TRANSFER: REPEAL. 
Effective January 1, 2021, section 27 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 1991 (Pub-lic Law 102–241; 105 Stat. 2218) is repealed. 
SEC. 810. LAND EXCHANGE, AYAKULIK ISLAND, ALASKA. 
(a) L AND EXCHANGE ; A YAKULIK ISLAND , A
LASKA .—If the owner of Ayakulik Island, Alaska, offers to exchange the Island for the Tract— (1) within 10 days after receiving such offer, the Secretary shall provide notice of the offer to the Commandant; (2) within 90 days after receiving the notice under paragraph (1), the Commandant shall develop and transmit to the Secretary pro-posed operational restrictions on commer-cial activity conducted on the Tract, includ-ing the right of the Commandant to— (A) order the immediate termination, for a period of up to 72 hours, of any activity oc-curring on or from the Tract that violates or threatens to violate one or more of such re-strictions; or (B) commence a civil action for appro-priate relief, including a permanent or tem-porary injunction enjoining the activity that violates or threatens to violate such restric-tions; (3) within 90 days after receiving the pro-posed operational restrictions from the Com-mandant, the Secretary shall transmit such restrictions to the owner of Ayakulik Island; and (4) within 30 days after transmitting the proposed operational restrictions to the owner of Ayakulik Island, and if the owner agrees to such restrictions, the Secretary shall convey all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Tract to the owner, subject to an easement granted to the Commandant to enforce such restrictions, in exchange for all right, title, and interest of such owner in and to Ayakulik Island. (b) B
OUNDARY REVISIONS .—The Secretary may make technical and conforming revi-sions to the boundaries of the Tract before the date of the exchange. (c) P
UBLIC LAND ORDER .—Effective on the date of an exchange under subsection (a), Public Land Order 5550 shall have no force or effect with respect to submerged lands that are part of the Tract. (d) F
AILURE TO TIMELY RESPOND TO NO-
TICE.—If the Commandant does not transmit proposed operational restrictions to the Sec-retary within 30 days after receiving the no-tice under subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall, by not later than 60 days after trans-mitting such notice, convey all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Tract to the owner of Ayakulik Island in exchange for all right, title, and interest of such owner in and to Ayakulik Island. (e) CERCLA N
OTAFFECTED .—This section and an exchange under this section shall not be construed to limit the application of or otherwise affect section 120(h) of the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)). (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OMMANDANT .—The term ‘‘Com-mandant’’ means the Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating, acting through the Commandant of the Coast Guard. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (3) T
RACT .—The term ‘‘Tract’’ means the land (including submerged land) depicted as ‘‘PROPOSED PROPERTY EXCHANGE AREA’’ on the survey titled ‘‘PROPOSED PROPERTY EXCHANGE PARCEL’’ and dated 3/22/17. 
SEC. 811. USE OF TRACT 43. 
Section 524(e)(2) of the Pribilof Island Transition Completion Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–120), as amended by section 3533 of the Pribilof Island Transition Completion Amendments Act of 2016 (subtitle B of title XXXV of Public Law 114-328), is amended by— (1) striking ‘‘each month’’ and inserting ‘‘each April and October’’; and (2) striking ‘‘previous month’’ and insert-ing ‘‘previous six months’’. SEC. 812. COAST GUARD MARITIME DOMAIN AWARENESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall seek to enter into an arrange-ment with the National Academy of Sciences not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act under which the Acad-emy shall prepare an assessment of available unmanned, autonomous, or remotely con-trolled maritime domain awareness tech-nologies for use by the Coast Guard. (b) A
SSESSMENT .—The assessment shall— (1) describe the potential limitations of current and emerging unmanned tech-nologies used in the maritime domain for— (A) ocean observation; (B) vessel monitoring and identification; (C) weather observation; (D) to the extent practicable for consider-ation by the Academy, intelligence gath-ering, surveillance, and reconnaissance; and (E) communications; (2) examine how technologies described in paragraph (1) can help prioritize Federal in-vestment by examining; (A) affordability, including acquisition, op-erations, and maintenance; (B) reliability; (C) versatility; (D) efficiency; and (E) estimated service life and persistence of effort; and (3) analyze whether the use of new and emerging maritime domain awareness tech-nologies can be used to— (A) carry out Coast Guard missions at lower costs; (B) expand the scope and range of Coast Guard maritime domain awareness; (C) allow the Coast Guard to more effi-ciently and effectively allocate Coast Guard vessels, aircraft, and personnel; and (D) identify adjustments that would be necessary in Coast Guard policies, proce-dures, and protocols to incorporate un-manned technologies to enhance efficiency. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after entering into an arrangement with the Secretary under subsection (a), the National Academy of Sciences shall submit the assessment prepared under this section to the Committees on Transportation and In-frastructure and Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. (d) U
SE OF INFORMATION .—In formulating costs pursuant to subsection (b), the Na-tional Academy of Sciences may utilize in-formation from other Coast Guard reports, assessments, or analyses regarding existing Coast Guard manpower requirements or other reports, assessments, or analyses for the acquisition of unmanned, autonomous, or remotely controlled technologies by the Federal Government. 
SEC. 813. MONITORING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall conduct a 1-year pilot program to determine the impact of persistent use of dif-ferent types of surveillance systems on ille-gal maritime activities, including illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing, in the Western Pacific region. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The pilot program shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4648 May 23, 2018 
(1) consider the use of light aircraft-based detection systems that can identify poten-tial illegal activity from high altitudes and produce enforcement-quality evidence at low altitudes; and (2) be directed at detecting and deterring illegal maritime activities, including illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing, and en-hancing maritime domain awareness. 
SEC. 814. REIMBURSEMENTS FOR NON-FEDERAL CONSTRUCTION COSTS OF CERTAIN AIDS TO NAVIGATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of amounts specifically provided in advance in subsequent appropriations Acts and in accordance with this section, the Commandant of the Coast Guard may reim-burse a non-Federal entity for costs incurred by the entity for a covered project. (b) C
ONDITIONS .—The Commandant may not provide reimbursement under subsection (a) with respect to a covered project unless— (1) the need for the project is a result of the completion of construction with respect to a federally authorized navigation channel; (2) the Commandant determines, through an appropriate navigation safety analysis, that the project is necessary to ensure safe marine transportation; (3) the Commandant approves the design of the project to ensure that it meets all appli-cable Coast Guard aids-to-navigation stand-ards and requirements; (4) the non-Federal entity agrees to trans-fer the project upon completion to the Coast Guard for operation and maintenance by the Coast Guard as a Federal aid to navigation; (5) the non-Federal entity carries out the project in accordance with the same laws and regulations that would apply to the Coast Guard if the Coast Guard carried out the project, including obtaining all permits required for the project under Federal and State law; and (6) the Commandant determines that the project satisfies such additional require-ments as may be established by the Com-mandant. (c) L
IMITATIONS .—Reimbursements under subsection (a) may not exceed the following: (1) For a single covered project, $5,000,000. (2) For all covered projects in a single fis-cal year, $5,000,000. (d) E
XPIRATION .—The authority granted under this section shall expire on the date that is 4 years after the date of enactment of this section. (e) C
OVERED PROJECT DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘covered project’’ means a project carried out— (1) by a non-Federal entity to construct and establish an aid to navigation that fa-cilitates safe and efficient marine transpor-tation on a Federal navigation project au-thorized by title I of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (Public Law 110– 114); and (2) in an area that was affected by Hurri-cane Harvey. 
SEC. 815. TOWING SAFETY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM FEES. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall— (1) review and compare the costs to the Government of— (A) towing vessel inspections performed by the Coast Guard; and (B) such inspections performed by a third party; and (2) based on such review and comparison, determine whether the costs to the Govern-ment of such inspections performed by a third party are different than the costs to the Government of such inspections per-formed by the Coast Guard. (b) R
EVISION OF FEES.—If the Commandant determines under subsection (a) that the costs to the Government of such inspections performed by a third party are different than the costs to the Government of such inspec-tions performed by the Coast Guard, then the Commandant shall revise the fee as-sessed by the Coast Guard for such inspec-tions as necessary to conform to the require-ments under section 9701 of title 31, United States Code, that such fee be based on the cost to the Government of such inspections and accurately reflect such costs. SEC. 816. OIL SPILL DISBURSEMENTS AUDITING AND REPORT. 
Section 1012 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2712) is amended— (1) by repealing subsection (g); (2) in subsection (l)(1), by striking ‘‘Within one year after the date of enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010, and annually thereafter,’’ and inserting ‘‘Each year, on the date on which the President sub-mits to Congress a budget under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code,’’; and (3) by amending subsection (l)(2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall include— ‘‘(A) a list of each incident that— ‘‘(i) occurred in the preceding fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) resulted in disbursements from the Fund, for removal costs and damages, total-ing $500,000 or more; ‘‘(B) a list of each incident that— ‘‘(i) occurred in the fiscal year preceding the preceding fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) resulted in disbursements from the Fund, for removal costs and damages, total-ing $500,000 or more; and ‘‘(C) an accounting of any amounts reim-bursed to the Fund in the preceding fiscal year that were recovered from a responsible party for an incident that resulted in dis-bursements from the Fund, for removal costs and damages, totaling $500,000 or more.’’. 
SEC. 817. FLEET REQUIREMENTS ASSESSMENT AND STRATEGY. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, in consultation with in-terested Federal and non-Federal stake-holders, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report including— (1) an assessment of Coast Guard at-sea operational fleet requirements to support its statutory missions established in the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.); and (2) a strategic plan for meeting the require-ments identified under paragraph (1). (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall include— (1) an assessment of— (A) the extent to which the Coast Guard at-sea operational fleet requirements re-ferred to in subsection (a)(1) are currently being met; (B) the Coast Guard’s current fleet, its operational lifespan, and how the anticipated changes in the age and distribution of vessels in the fleet will impact the ability to meet at-sea operational requirements; (C) fleet operations and recommended im-provements to minimize costs and extend operational vessel life spans; and (D) the number of Fast Response Cutters, Offshore Patrol Cutters, and National Secu-rity Cutters needed to meet at-sea oper-ational requirements as compared to planned acquisitions under the current programs of record; (2) an analysis of— (A) how the Coast Guard at-sea operational fleet requirements are currently met, includ-ing the use of the Coast Guard’s current cut-ter fleet, agreements with partners, char-tered vessels, and unmanned vehicle tech-nology; and (B) whether existing and planned cutter programs of record (including the Fast Re-sponse Cutter, Offshore Patrol Cutter, and National Security Cutter) will enable the Coast Guard to meet at-sea operational re-quirements; and (3) a description of— (A) planned manned and unmanned vessel acquisition; and (B) how such acquisitions will change the extent to which the Coast Guard at-sea oper-ational requirements are met. (c) CONSULTATION AND TRANSPARENCY .— (1) C
ONSULTATION .—In consulting with the Federal and non-Federal stakeholders under subsection (a), the Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— (A) provide the stakeholders with opportu-nities for input— (i) prior to initially drafting the report, in-cluding the assessment and strategic plan; and (ii) not later than 3 months prior to final-izing the report, including the assessment and strategic plan, for submission; and (B) document the input and its disposition in the report. (2) T
RANSPARENCY .—All input provided under paragraph (1) shall be made available to the public. (d) E
NSURING MARITIME COVERAGE .—In order to meet Coast Guard mission require-ments for search and rescue, ports, water-ways, and coastal security, and maritime en-vironmental response during recapitalization of Coast Guard vessels, the Coast Guard shall ensure continuity of the coverage, to the maximum extent practicable, in the loca-tions that may lose assets. 
SEC. 818. NATIONAL SECURITY CUTTER. 
(a) S TANDARD METHOD FOR TRACKING .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard may not certify an eighth National Security Cutter as Ready for Operations before the date on which the Commandant provides to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate— (1) a notification of a new standard method for tracking operational employment of Coast Guard major cutters that does not in-clude time during which such a cutter is away from its homeport for maintenance or repair; and (2) a report analyzing cost and performance for different approaches to achieving varied levels of operational employment using the standard method required by paragraph (1) that, at a minimum— (A) compares over a 30-year period the av-erage annualized baseline cost and perform-ances for a certified National Security Cut-ter that operated for 185 days away from homeport or an equivalent alternative meas-ure of operational tempo— (i) against the cost of a 15 percent increase in days away from homeport or an equiva-lent alternative measure of operational tempo for a National Security Cutter; and (ii) against the cost of the acquisition and operation of an additional National Security Cutter; and (B) examines the optimal level of oper-ational employment of National Security Cutters to balance National Security Cutter cost and mission performance. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 221(b) of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2012 (126 Stat. 1560) is repealed. (2) Section 204(c)(1) of the Coast Guard Au-thorization Act of 2016 (130 Stat. 35) is re-pealed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4649 May 23, 2018 
SEC. 819. ACQUISITION PLAN FOR INLAND WA-TERWAY AND RIVER TENDERS AND BAY-CLASS ICEBREAKERS. 
(a) A CQUISITION PLAN.—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a plan to replace or extend the life of the Coast Guard fleet of inland wa-terway and river tenders, and the Bay-class icebreakers. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The plan under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an analysis of the work required to ex-tend the life of vessels described in sub-section (a); (2) recommendations for which, if any, such vessels it is cost effective to undertake a ship-life extension or enhanced mainte-nance program; (3) an analysis of the aids to navigation program to determine if advances in naviga-tion technology may reduce the needs for physical aids to navigation; (4) recommendations for changes to phys-ical aids to navigation and the distribution of such aids that reduce the need for the ac-quisition of vessels to replace the vessels de-scribed in subsection (a); (5) a schedule for the acquisition of vessels to replace the vessels described in subsection (a), including the date on which the first ves-sel will be delivered; (6) the date such acquisition will be com-plete; (7) a description of the order and location of replacement vessels; (8) an estimate of the cost per vessel and of the total cost of the acquisition program of record; and (9) an analysis of whether existing vessels can be used. 
SEC. 820. GREAT LAKES ICEBREAKER ACQUISI-TION. 
(a) I CEBREAKING ON THE GREAT LAKES .—For fiscal years 2018 and 2019, the Commandant of the Coast Guard may use funds made available pursuant to section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this divi-sion, for the construction of an icebreaker that is at least as capable as the Coast Guard Cutter Mackinaw to enhance icebreaking ca-pacity on the Great Lakes. (b) A
CQUISITION PLAN.—Not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall submit a plan to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives for acquiring an icebreaker described in subsections (a) and (b). Such plan shall include— (1) the details and schedule of the acquisi-tion activities to be completed; and (2) a description of how the funding for Coast Guard acquisition, construction, and improvements that was appropriated under the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31) will be allocated to sup-port the acquisition activities referred to in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 821. POLAR ICEBREAKERS. 
(a) E NHANCED MAINTENANCE PROGRAM FOR  
THEPOLAR STAR.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall conduct an en-hanced maintenance program on Coast Guard Cutter Polar Star (WAGB–10) to extend the service life of such vessel until at least December 31, 2025. (2) R
EQUIREMENT FOR REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, in consultation with Naval Sea Systems Command, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a detailed report describing a plan to extend the service life of the Coast Guard Cutter Polar Star (WAGB–10) until at least December 31, 2025, through an enhanced maintenance program. (3) CONTENT .—The report required by para-graph (2) shall include the following: (A) An assessment and discussion of the enhanced maintenance program rec-ommended by the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine’s Com-mittee on Polar Icebreaker Cost Assessment in the letter report ‘‘Acquisition and Oper-ation of Polar Icebreakers: Fulfilling the Na-tion’s Needs’’. (B) An assessment and discussion of the Government Accountability Office’s con-cerns and recommendations regarding serv-ice life extension work on Coast Guard Cut-ter Polar Star (WAGB–10) in the report ‘‘Sta-tus of the Coast Guard’s Polar Icebreaking Fleet Capability and Recapitalization Plan’’. (C) Based upon a materiel condition assess-ment of the Coast Guard Cutter Polar Star (WAGB–10)— (i) a description of the service life exten-sion needs of the vessel; (ii) detailed information regarding planned shipyard work for each fiscal year to meet such needs; and (iii) an estimate of the amount needed to be appropriated to complete the enhanced maintenance program. (D) A plan to ensure the vessel will main-tain seasonally operational status during the enhanced maintenance program. (4) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— The Commandant of the Coast Guard may use funds made available pursuant to section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by section 202 of this division, for the enhanced maintenance program de-scribed in the report required by subsection (a). (b) O
VERDUE REPORT .—Upon the date of en-actment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives the polar icebreaker recapitalization plan required under section 3523 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). (c) C
OAST GUARD AND MARITIME TRANSPOR -
TATION ACT OF 2012; A MENDMENT .—Section 222 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Trans-portation Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–213), as amended, is further amended as follows: (1) by striking subsections (a) through (d); (2) by redesignating subsections (e) through (g) as subsections (a) through (c), re-spectively; (3) in subsection (a), as redesignated— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Except as provided in sub-section (c), the Commandant’’ and inserting ‘‘The Commandant’’; (B) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘Polar Sea or’’; (C) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘either of the vessels’’ and inserting ‘‘the Polar Star or the Polar Sea’’; and (D) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘either of the vessels’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘the Polar Star’’. 
SEC. 822. STRATEGIC ASSETS IN THE ARCTIC. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ARCTIC .—In this section, the term ‘‘Arctic’’ has the meaning given the term in section 112 of the Arctic Research and Policy Act of 1984 (15 U.S.C. 4111). (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Arctic continues to grow in signifi-cance to both the national security interests and the economic prosperity of the United States; and (2) the Coast Guard must ensure it is posi-tioned to respond to any accident, incident, or threat with appropriate assets. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and taking into consideration the Department of De-fense 2016 Arctic Strategy, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the progress toward implementing the stra-tegic objectives described in the United States Coast Guard Arctic Strategy dated May 2013. (d) C
ONTENTS .—The report under sub-section (c) shall include— (1) a description of the Coast Guard’s progress toward each strategic objective identified in the United States Coast Guard Arctic Strategy dated May 2013; (2) an assessment of the assets and infra-structure necessary to meet the strategic ob-jectives identified in the United States Coast Guard Arctic Strategy dated May 2013 based on factors such as— (A) response time; (B) coverage area; (C) endurance on scene; (D) presence; and (E) deterrence; (3) an analysis of the sufficiency of the dis-tribution of National Security Cutters, Off-shore Patrol Cutters, and Fast Response Cut-ters both stationed in various Alaskan ports and in other locations to meet the strategic objectives identified in the United States Coast Guard Arctic Strategy, dated May 2013; (4) plans to provide communications throughout the entire Coastal Western Alas-ka Captain of the Port zone to improve wa-terway safety and mitigate close calls, colli-sions, and other dangerous interactions be-tween the shipping industry and subsistence hunters; (5) plans to prevent marine casualties, when possible, by ensuring vessels avoid en-vironmentally sensitive areas and perma-nent security zones; (6) an explanation of— (A) whether it is feasible to establish a ves-sel traffic service, using existing resources or otherwise; and (B) whether an Arctic Response Center of Expertise is necessary to address the gaps in experience, skills, equipment, resources, training, and doctrine to prepare, respond to, and recover spilled oil in the Arctic; and (7) an assessment of whether sufficient agreements are in place to ensure the Coast Guard is receiving the information it needs to carry out its responsibilities. 
SEC. 823. ARCTIC PLANNING CRITERIA. 
(a) A LTERNATIVE PLANNING CRITERIA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), the Commandant of the Coast Guard may ap-prove a vessel response plan under section 311 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321) for a vessel operating in any area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone (as established by the Commandant) that includes the Arctic, if the Commandant verifies that— (A) equipment required to be available for response under the plan has been tested and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4650 May 23, 2018 
proven capable of operating in the environ-mental conditions expected in the area in which it is intended to be operated; and (B) the operators of such equipment have conducted training on the equipment within the area covered by such Captain of the Port Zone. (2) P
OST-APPROVAL REQUIREMENTS .—In ap- proving a vessel response plan under para-graph (1), the Commandant shall— (A) require that the oil spill removal orga-nization identified in the vessel response plan conduct regular exercises and drills of the plan in the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone that includes the Arctic; and (B) allow such oil spill removal organiza-tion to take credit for a response to an ac-tual spill or release in the area covered by such Captain of the Port Zone, instead of conducting an exercise or drill required under subparagraph (A), if the oil spill re-moval organization— (i) documents which exercise or drill re-quirements were met during the response; and (ii) submits a request for credit to, and re-ceives approval from, the Commandant. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall sub-mit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report on the oil spill prevention and response capabilities for the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone (as established by the Commandant) that includes the Arc-tic. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of equipment and assets available for response under the vessel re-sponse plans approved for vessels operating in the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone, including details on any providers of such equipment and assets. (B) A description of the location of such equipment and assets, including an estimate of the time to deploy the equipment and as-sets. (C) A determination of how effectively such equipment and assets are distributed throughout the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone. (D) A statement regarding whether the ability to maintain and deploy such equip-ment and assets is taken into account when measuring the equipment and assets avail-able throughout the area covered by the Cap-tain of the Port Zone. (E) A validation of the port assessment visit process and response resource inventory for response under the vessel response plans approved for vessels operating in the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone. (F) A determination of the compliance rate with Federal vessel response plan regula-tions in the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone during the previous 3 years. (G) A description of the resources needed throughout the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone to conduct port assess-ments, exercises, response plan reviews, and spill responses. (c) D
EFINITION OF ARCTIC .—In this section, the term ‘‘Arctic’’ has the meaning given the term under section 112 of the Arctic Re-search and Policy Act of 1984 (15 U.S.C. 4111). 
SEC. 824. VESSEL RESPONSE PLAN AUDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall complete and submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a comprehensive review of the processes and resources used by the Coast Guard to implement vessel response plan requirements under section 311 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321). (b) REQUIRED ELEMENTS OF REVIEW .—The review required under subsection (a) shall, at a minimum, include— (1) a study, or an audit if appropriate, of the processes the Coast Guard uses— (A) to approve the vessel response plans re-ferred to in subsection (a); (B) to approve alternate planning criteria used in lieu of National Planning Criteria in approving such plans; (C) to verify compliance with such plans; and (D) to act in the event of a failure to com-ply with the requirements of such plans; (2) an examination of all Federal and State agency resources used by the Coast Guard in carrying out the processes identified under paragraph (1), including— (A) the current staffing model and organi-zation; (B) data, software, simulators, systems, or other technology, including those pertaining to weather, oil spill trajectory modeling, and risk management; (C) the total amount of time per fiscal year expended by Coast Guard personnel to ap-prove and verify compliance with vessel re-sponse plans; and (D) the average amount of time expended by the Coast Guard for approval of, and verification of compliance with, a single ves-sel response plan; (3) an analysis of how, including by what means or methods, the processes identified under paragraph (1)— (A) ensure compliance with applicable law; (B) are implemented by the Coast Guard, including at the district and sector levels; (C) are informed by public comment and engagement with States, Indian Tribes, and other regional stakeholders; (D) ensure availability and adequate oper-ational capability and capacity of required assets and equipment, including in cases in which contractual obligations may limit the availability of such assets and equipment for response; (E) provide for adequate asset and equip-ment mobilization time requirements, par-ticularly with respect to— (i) calculation and establishment of such requirements; (ii) verifying compliance with such re-quirements; and (iii) factoring in weather, including spe-cific regional adverse weather as defined in section 155.1020 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, in calculating, establishing, and verifying compliance with such require-ments; (F) ensure response plan updates and vessel compliance when changes occur in response planning criteria, asset and equipment mobi-lization times, or regional response needs, such as trends in transportation of high gravity oils or changes in vessel traffic vol-ume; and (G) enable effective action by the Coast Guard in the event of a failure to comply with response plan requirements; (4) a determination regarding whether asset and equipment mobilization time re-quirements under approved vessel response plans can be met by the vessels to which they apply; and (5) recommendations for improving the processes identified under paragraph (1), in-cluding recommendations regarding the suf-ficiency of Coast Guard resources dedicated to those processes. SEC. 825. WATERS DEEMED NOT NAVIGABLE WATERS OF THE UNITED STATES FOR CERTAIN PURPOSES. 
For purposes of the application of subtitle II of title 46, United States Code, to the Vol- unteer (Hull Number CCA4108), the Illinois and Michigan Canal is deemed to not be nav-igable waters of the United States. 
SEC. 826. DOCUMENTATION OF RECREATIONAL VESSELS. 
Coast Guard personnel performing nonrec-reational vessel documentation functions under subchapter II of chapter 121 of title 46, United States Code, may perform rec-reational vessel documentation under sec-tion 12114 of such title in any fiscal year in which— (1) funds available for Coast Guard oper-ating expenses may not be used for expenses incurred for recreational vessel documenta-tion; (2) fees collected from owners of yachts and credited to such use are insufficient to pay expenses of recreational vessel documenta-tion; and (3) there is a backlog of applications for recreational vessel documentation. 
SEC. 827. EQUIPMENT REQUIREMENTS; EXEMP-TION FROM THROWABLE PERSONAL FLOTATION DEVICES REQUIRE-MENT. 
Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is op-erating shall— (1) prescribe regulations in part 160 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, that treat a marine throw bag, as that term is commonly used in the commercial whitewater rafting industry, as a type of lifesaving equipment; and (2) revise section 175.17 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, to exempt rafts that are 16 feet or more overall in length from the requirement to carry an additional throwable personal flotation device when such a marine throw bag is onboard and ac-cessible. 
SEC. 828. VISUAL DISTRESS SIGNALS AND ALTER-NATIVE USE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall develop a performance standard for the alternative use and possession of vis-ual distress alerting and locating signals as mandated by carriage requirements for rec-reational boats in subpart C of part 175 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations. (b) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the performance standard for alter-native use and possession of visual distress alerting and locating signals is finalized, the Secretary shall revise part 175 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, to allow for carriage of such alternative signal devices. 
SEC. 829. RADAR REFRESHER TRAINING. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall prescribe a final rule eliminating the requirement that a mariner actively using the mariner’s credential complete an approved refresher or recertification course to maintain a radar observer endorsement. This rulemaking shall be exempt from chap-ters 5 and 6 of title 5, United States Code, and Executive Orders 12866 and 13563. 
SEC. 830. COMMERCIAL FISHING VESSEL SAFETY NATIONAL COMMUNICATIONS PLAN. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR PLAN.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall de-velop and submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4651 May 23, 2018 
Representatives a national communications plan for the purposes of— (1) disseminating information to the com-mercial fishing vessel industry; (2) conducting outreach with the commer-cial fishing vessel industry; (3) facilitating interaction with the com-mercial fishing vessel industry; and (4) releasing information collected under section 15102 of title 46, United States Code, as added by this division, to the commercial fishing vessel industry. (b) C
ONTENT .—The plan required by sub-section (a), and each annual update, shall— (1) identify staff, resources, and systems available to the Secretary to ensure the widest dissemination of information to the commercial fishing vessel industry; (2) include a means to document all com-munication and outreach conducted with the commercial fishing vessel industry; and (3) include a mechanism to measure effec-tiveness of such plan. (c) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than one year after submission of the initial plan, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall implement the plan and shall at a minimum— (1) leverage Coast Guard staff, resources, and systems available; (2) monitor implementation nationwide to ensure adherence to plan contents; (3) allow each Captain of the Port to adopt the most effective strategy and means to communicate with commercial fishing vessel industry in that Captain of the Port Zone; (4) document communication and out-reach; and (5) solicit feedback from the commercial fishing vessel industry. (d) R
EPORT AND UPDATES .—The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— (1) submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report on the effectiveness of the plan to date and any updates to ensure maximum impact of the plan one year after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 4 years thereafter; and (2) include in such report input from indi-vidual Captains of the Port and any feedback received from the commercial fishing vessel industry. 
SEC. 831. AUTHORIZATION FOR MARINE DEBRIS PROGRAM. 
The Marine Debris Research, Prevention, and Reduction Act is amended— (1) in section 9 (33 U.S.C. 1958)— (A) by striking the em-dash and all that follows through ‘‘(1)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and all that follows through the end of the section and inserting a period; and (2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 10. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘Of the amounts authorized for each fiscal year under section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, up to $2,000,000 are authorized for the Commandant to carry out section 4 of this Act, of which not more than 10 percent may be used for administrative costs.’’. 
SEC. 832. ATLANTIC COAST PORT ACCESS ROUTE STUDY RECOMMENDATIONS. 
Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of the Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall notify the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate of action taken to carry out the recommendations contained in the final report issued by the Atlantic Coast Port Ac-cess Route Study (ACPARS) workgroup for which notice of availability was published March 14, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 13307). SEC. 833. DRAWBRIDGES. 
Section 5 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act mak-ing appropriations for the construction, re-pair, and preservation of certain public works on rivers and harbors, and for other purposes’’, approved August 18, 1894 (33 U.S.C. 499), is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) T
EMPORARY CHANGES TO DRAWBRIDGE  O
PERATING SCHEDULES .—Notwithstanding section 553 of title 5, United States Code, whenever a temporary change to the oper-ating schedule of a drawbridge, lasting 180 days or less— ‘‘(1) is approved— ‘‘(A) the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— ‘‘(i) issue a deviation approval letter to the bridge owner; and ‘‘(ii) announce the temporary change in— ‘‘(I) the Local Notice to Mariners; ‘‘(II) a broadcast notice to mariners and through radio stations; or ‘‘(III) such other local media as the Sec-retary considers appropriate; and ‘‘(B) the bridge owner, except a railroad bridge owner, shall notify— ‘‘(i) the public by publishing notice of the temporary change in a newspaper of general circulation published in the place where the bridge is located; ‘‘(ii) the department, agency, or office of transportation with jurisdiction over the roadway that abuts the approaches to the bridge; and ‘‘(iii) the law enforcement organization with jurisdiction over the roadway that abuts the approaches to the bridge; or ‘‘(2) is denied, the Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— ‘‘(A) not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the request, provide the bridge owner in writing the reasons for the denial, including any supporting data and evidence used to make the determination; and ‘‘(B) provide the bridge owner a reasonable opportunity to address each reason for the denial and resubmit the request. ‘‘(e) D
RAWBRIDGE MOVEMENTS .—The Sec- retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating— ‘‘(1) shall require a drawbridge operator to record each movement of the drawbridge in a logbook; ‘‘(2) may inspect the logbook to ensure drawbridge movement is in accordance with the posted operating schedule; ‘‘(3) shall review whether deviations from the posted operating schedule are impairing vehicular and pedestrian traffic; and ‘‘(4) may determine if the operating sched-ule should be adjusted for efficiency of mari-time or vehicular and pedestrian traffic. ‘‘(f) R
EQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) L
OGBOOKS .—An operator of a draw-bridge built across a navigable river or other water of the United States— ‘‘(A) that opens the draw of such bridge for the passage of a vessel, shall record in a log-book— ‘‘(i) the bridge identification and date of each opening; ‘‘(ii) the bridge tender or operator for each opening; ‘‘(iii) each time it is opened for navigation; ‘‘(iv) each time it is closed for navigation; ‘‘(v) the number and direction of vessels passing through during each opening; ‘‘(vi) the types of vessels passing through during each opening; ‘‘(vii) an estimated or known size (height, length, and beam) of the largest vessel pass-ing through during each opening; ‘‘(viii) for each vessel, the vessel name and registration number if easily observable; and ‘‘(ix) all maintenance openings, malfunc-tions, or other comments; and ‘‘(B) that remains open to navigation but closes to allow for trains to cross, shall record in a logbook— ‘‘(i) the bridge identification and date of each opening and closing; ‘‘(ii) the bridge tender or operator; ‘‘(iii) each time it is opened to navigation; ‘‘(iv) each time it is closed to navigation; and ‘‘(v) all maintenance openings, closings, malfunctions, or other comments. ‘‘(2) MAINTENANCE OF LOGBOOKS .—A draw- bridge operator shall maintain logbooks re-quired under paragraph (1) for not less than 5 years. ‘‘(3) S
UBMISSION OF LOGBOOKS .—At the re-quest of the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, a draw-bridge operator shall submit to the Sec-retary the logbook required under paragraph (1) as the Secretary considers necessary to carry out this section. ‘‘(4) E
XEMPTION .—The requirements under paragraph (1) shall be exempt from sections 3501 to 3521 of title 44, United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 834. WAIVER. 
Section 8902 of title 46, United States Code, shall not apply to the chain ferry DIANE (United States official number CG002692) when such vessel is operating on the Kala-mazoo River in Saugatuck, Michigan. 
SEC. 835. VESSEL WAIVER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Upon enactment of this Act and notwithstanding sections (a)(2)(A) and 12113(a)(2) of title 46, United States Code, the Secretary shall issue a certificate of doc-umentation with coastwise and fishery en-dorsements to the certificated vessel. (b) R
EPLACEMENT VESSEL .—The certifi-cated vessel shall qualify and not be pre-cluded from operating as an Amendment 80 replacement vessel under the provisions of part 679 of title 50, Code of Federal Regula-tions. (c) C
OAST GUARD REVIEW AND DETERMINA -
TION.— (1) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall conduct and complete a re-view of the use of certain foreign fabricated steel components in the hull or super-structure of the certificated vessel. (2) D
ETERMINATION .—Based on the review conducted under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall determine whether the shipyard that constructed the certificated vessel or the purchaser of the certificated vessel knew be-fore such components were procured or in-stalled that the use of such components would violate requirements under sections 12112(a)(2)(A) and 12113(a)(2) of title 46, United States Code. (3) R
EVOCATION .—If the Secretary deter-mines under paragraph (2) that the shipyard that constructed the certificated vessel or the purchaser of the certificated vessel knew before such components were procured or in-stalled that the use of such components would violate requirements under sections 12112(a)(2)(A) and 12113(a)(2) of title 46, United States Code, the Secretary shall im-mediately revoke the certificate of docu-mentation issued under subsection (a). (4) U
SE OF DOCUMENTS .—In conducting the review required under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary may request and review any informa-tion, correspondence, or documents related to the construction of the certificated vessel, including from the shipyard that constructed the certificated vessel and the purchaser of the certificated vessel. (d) T
ERMINATION .—If the contract for pur-chase of the certificated vessel that is in ef-fect on the date of the enactment of this Act is terminated, the purchasing party to that contract shall be prohibited from entering into a subsequent contract or agreement for purchase of such vessel. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4652 May 23, 2018 
(e) D EFINITION .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, acting through the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard; and (2) the term ‘‘certificated vessel’’ means the vessel America’s Finest (United States of-ficial number 1276760). 
SEC. 836. TEMPORARY LIMITATIONS. 
(a) L IMITATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Upon the Coast Guard issuing a certificate of documentation with coastwise and fishery endorsements for the vessel ‘‘AMERICA’S FINEST’’ (United States official number 1276760), and subject to subsection (b), the vessels described in paragraph (2) shall not collectively exceed— (A) the percentage of the harvest available in any Gulf of Alaska groundfish fisheries (other than fisheries subject to a limited ac-cess privilege program created by the North Pacific Fishery Management Council) that is equivalent to the total harvest by the vessels described in paragraph (2) in those fisheries in the calendar years that a vessel described in paragraph (2) had harvest from 2012 through 2017 relative to the total allowable catch available to such vessels in the cal-endar years 2012 through 2017; or (B) the percentage of processing of deliv-eries from other vessels in any Bering Sea, Aleutian Islands, and Gulf of Alaska ground-fish fisheries (including fisheries subject to a limited access privilege program created by the North Pacific Fishery Management Council, or community development quotas as described in section 305(i) of the Magnu-son-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Man-agement Act (16 U.S.C. 1855(i))) that is equiv-alent to the total processing of such deliv-eries by the vessels described in paragraph (2) in those fisheries in the calendar years 2012 through 2017 relative to the total allow-able catch available in the calendar years 2012 through 2017. (2) A
PPLICABLE VESSELS .—The limitations described in paragraph (1) shall apply, in the aggregate, to— (A) the vessel AMERICA’S FINEST (United States official number 1276760); (B) the vessel US INTREPID (United States official number 604439); (C) the vessel AMERICAN NO. 1 (United States official number 610654); (D) any replacement of a vessel described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C); and (E) any vessel assigned license number LLG3217 under the license limitation pro-gram under part 679 of title 50, Code of Fed-eral Regulations. (b) E
XPIRATION .—The limitations described in subsection (a) shall apply to a groundfish species in Bering Sea, Aleutian Islands, and Gulf of Alaska only until the earlier of— (1) the end of the 6-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act; or (2) the date on which the Secretary of Commerce issues a final rule, based on rec-ommendations developed by the North Pa-cific Fishery Management Council con-sistent with the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), that limits processing deliveries of that groundfish species from other vessels in any Bering Sea, Aleutian Islands, and Gulf of Alaska groundfish fisheries that are not subject to conservation and management measures under section 206 of the American Fisheries Act (16 U.S.C. 1851 note). (c) E
XISTING AUTHORITY .—Except for the measures required by this section, nothing in this title shall be construed to limit the au-thority of the North Pacific Fishery Manage-ment Council or the Secretary of Commerce under the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Con-servation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). SEC. 837. TRANSFER OF COAST GUARD PROP-ERTY IN JUPITER ISLAND, FLORIDA, FOR INCLUSION IN HOBE SOUND NA-TIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE. 
(a) T RANSFER .—Administrative jurisdiction over the property described in subsection (b) is transferred to the Secretary of the Inte-rior. (b) P
ROPERTY DESCRIBED .—The property described in this subsection is real property administered by the Coast Guard in the Town of Jupiter Island, Florida, comprising Parcel #35-38-42-004-000-02590-6 (Bon Air Beach lots 259 and 260 located at 83 North Beach Road) and Parcel #35-38-42-004-000- 02610-2 (Bon Air Beach lots 261 to 267), includ-ing any improvements thereon that are not authorized or required by another provision of law to be conveyed to another person. (c) A
DMINISTRATION .—The property de-scribed in subsection (b) is included in Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge, and shall be administered by the Secretary of the Inte-rior acting through the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. 
SEC. 838. EMERGENCY RESPONSE. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall request the Comptroller General of the United States to examine whether there are unnecessary regulatory barriers to the use of small passenger ves-sels, crewboats, and offshore supply vessels in disaster response and provide rec-ommendations, as appropriate, to reduce such barriers. 
SEC. 839. DRAWBRIDGES CONSULTATION. 
(a) C ONSULTATION .—In addition and subse-quent to any rulemaking conducted under section 117.8 of title 33, Code of Federal Reg-ulations, related to permanent changes to drawbridge openings that result from Am-trak service between New Orleans, Louisiana and Orlando, Florida, the Commandant shall consult with owners or operators of rail lines used for Amtrak passenger service between New Orleans, Louisiana and Orlando, Florida and affected waterway users on changes to drawbridge operating schedules necessary to facilitate the On Time Performance of pas-senger trains. These changes to schedules shall not impact Coast Guard response times to operational missions. (b) T
IMING .—Consultation in subsection (a) shall occur after commencement of Amtrak passenger service on the rail lines between New Orleans, Louisiana and Orlando, Florida at the following intervals: (1) Not less than 3 months following the commencement of Amtrak passenger service. (2) Not less than 6 months following the commencement of Amtrak passenger service. (c) R
EPORT .—If after conducting the con-sultations required by subsection (b)(2), the Commandant finds that permanent changes to drawbridge operations are necessary to mitigate delays in the movement of trains described in subsection (a) and that those changes do not unreasonably obstruct the navigability of the affected waterways, then the Commandant shall submit those findings to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 53 OFFERED BY MR . CURBELO  
OF FLORIDA  Page 877, insert after line 9 the following new section (and redesignate the succeeding sections accordingly): 
SEC. 2822. AUTHORITY FOR LEASING REAL PROP-ERTY AT THE NAVAL AIR STATION KEY WEST, FLORIDA. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary of the Navy (hereafter in this Act referred to as the ‘‘Sec-retary’’) may lease approximately 19 acres at the Naval Air Station Key West, Florida, for the purpose of constructing, operating, im-proving, and maintaining housing units (in-cluding altering or demolishing existing housing units) under such terms and condi-tions as the Secretary considers will pro-mote the national defense or to be in the public interest. (b) DURATION OF LEASE .—The lease entered into under this section shall be for such pe-riod as may be agreed to by the Secretary and the lessee, except that such period may not exceed 50 years unless the Secretary de-termines that a lease for a longer period is necessary to meet the purpose of the lease. (c) P
AYMENTS UNDER LEASE .—The Sec-retary shall require the lessee to make pay-ments under the lease entered into under this section in cash for fair market value. (d) D
EPOSIT AND USE OF PROCEEDS .—The Secretary shall deposit and use any cash pro-ceeds from the lease under this section as prescribed in section 2667 of title 10, United States Code. (e) L
EASEBACK PROHIBITED .—During the pe-riod in which the lease entered into under this section is in effect, the Secretary may not lease any of the space constructed by the lessees on the property leased under this sec-tion. (f) R
IGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL FOR PURCHASE  
OFPROPERTY .—The lease entered into under this section may provide the lessee of the property with the first right to purchase the property if the Secretary revokes the lease in order to permit the United States to sell or transfer the property as authorized under any other provision of law. Nothing in this subsection may be construed to provide a lessee with the first right to purchase the property if the Secretary revokes the lease for any other cause, including the failure of the lessee to meet the terms and conditions of the lease. (g) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the property to be leased under this section shall be deter-mined by a survey satisfactory to the Sec-retary. (h) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— The Secretary may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the lease under this section as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the inter-ests of the United States. (i) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVI-
SIONS .—The following provisions of law do not apply to this section, the lease entered into under this section, or the property which is subject to the lease under this sec-tion: (1) Section 2662 of title 10, United States Code. (2) Section 2696 of title 10, United States Code. (3) The Randolph-Sheppard Act (20 U.S.C. 107 et seq.). (4) Title V of the McKinney-Vento Home-less Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11411 et seq.) (j) C
ERTAIN CUBANS ENTRANTS INELIGIBLE  
FORREFUGEE ASSISTANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Title V of the Refugee Education Assistance Act of 1980 (8 U.S.C. 1522 note) is amended— (A) in the heading by striking ‘‘ CUBAN AND’’; and (B) in section 501— (i) by striking ‘‘Cuban and’’ each place it appears; (ii) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘Cuban or’’; and (iii) in subsection (e)— (I) in paragraph (1)— (aa) by striking ‘‘Cuban/’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘Cuba or’’; and (II) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Cuba or’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) P
ERSONAL RESPONSIBILITY AND WORK OP -
PORTUNITY RECONCILIATION ACT OF 1996 .—Title 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4653 May 23, 2018 
IV of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.) is amended by striking ‘‘Cuban and Haitian entrant’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Haitian entrant’’. (B) I
MMIGRATION AND NATIONALITY ACT .— Section 245A(h)(2)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1255a(h)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘Cuban and Haitian en-trant’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Haitian entrant’’. (3) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply only in the case of a national of Cuba who enters the United States on or after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 54 OFFERED BY MRS . STEFANIK  
OF NEW YORK  At the appropriate place in title X, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS FOR UNITED STATES-BASED FOREIGN MEDIA OUTLETS. 
Title VII of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 722. DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS FOR UNITED STATES-BASED FOREIGN MEDIA OUTLETS. 
‘‘(a) R EPORTS BY OUTLETS TO COMMISSION .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this section, and not less fre-quently than every 6 months thereafter, a United States-based foreign media outlet shall submit to the Commission a report that contains the following information: ‘‘(1) The name of such outlet. ‘‘(2) A description of the relationship of such outlet to the foreign principal of such outlet, including a description of the legal structure of such relationship and any fund-ing that such outlet receives from such prin-cipal. ‘‘(b) R
EPORTS BY COMMISSION TO CON-
GRESS .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this section, and not less frequently than every 6 months thereafter, the Commission shall transmit to Congress a report that summarizes the contents of the reports submitted by United States-based foreign media outlets under subsection (a) during the preceding 6-month period. ‘‘(c) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Commis-sion shall make publicly available on the internet website of the Commission each re-port submitted by a United States-based for-eign media outlet under subsection (a) not later than the earlier of— ‘‘(1) the date that is 30 days after the out-let submits the report to the Commission; or ‘‘(2) the date on which the Commission transmits to Congress under subsection (b) the report covering the 6-month period dur-ing which the report of the outlet was sub-mitted to the Commission under subsection (a). ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) F
OREIGN PRINCIPAL .—The term ‘foreign principal’ has the meaning given such term in section 1(b)(1) of the Foreign Agents Reg-istration Act of 1938 (22 U.S.C. 611(b)(1)). ‘‘(2) U
NITED STATES -BASED FOREIGN MEDIA  
OUTLET .—The term ‘United States-based for-eign media outlet’ means an entity that— ‘‘(A) produces or distributes video pro-gramming that is transmitted, or intended for transmission, by a multichannel video programming distributor to consumers in the United States; and ‘‘(B) would be an agent of a foreign prin-cipal (as defined in paragraph (1)) for pur-poses of the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938 (22 U.S.C. 611 et seq.) but for section 1(d) of such Act (22 U.S.C. 611(d)).’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 55 OFFERED BY MR . GALLAGHER  
OF WISCONSIN  Subparagraph (A) of section 1252(c)(2) is amended by adding at the end the following: (vii) The abuse of employment and student visa programs to enter the United States in order to conduct political, academic, or so-cial influence efforts, or for the purposes of establishing Chinese Communist Party cells or other entities under the control or coordi-nation of the Chinese Communist Party. (viii) The Chinese Communist Party’s coer-cion or intimidation of Chinese nationals studying or working in the United States or outside China. AMENDMENT NO . 56 OFFERED BY MR . GRAVES OF  
LOUISIANA  At the end of subtitle B of title V, insert the following new sections: 
SEC. 515. USE OF NATIONAL GUARD IN CASE OF A MAJOR DISASTER OR REQUEST FROM A STATE GOVERNOR. 
The President shall order members of the National Guard in a State to full-time Na-tional Guard duty or active Guard and Re-serve duty under section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, if— (1) the Governor of the State requests such an order; and (2) the President declares that a major dis-aster exists— (A) in that State and one or more other States is participating in the response to the disaster; or (B) in two States described in subpara-graph (A) because of the same event. 
SEC. 516. FUNDING OF NATIONAL GUARD IN CASE OF A MAJOR DISASTER OR EMER-GENCY DECLARED UNDER THE STAFFORD ACT. 
Section 403(c) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170b(c)) is amended— (a) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-graph (7); and (b) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing new paragraph (6): ‘‘(6) N
ATIONAL GUARD .—The President may make contributions to a State or local gov-ernment for the purpose of reimbursing the Department of Defense for expenditures that arise from use of members of the National Guard and Reserve under section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, to respond to a major disaster declared by the President under section 401 of this Act.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 57 OFFERED BY MR . TAKANO OF  
CALIFORNIA  Page 109, after line 21, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 507. DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM ON ACCES-SION OF CANDIDATES WITH AUDI-TORY IMPAIRMENTS AS AIR FORCE OFFICERS. 
(a) D EMONSTRATION PROGRAM REQUIRED .— Beginning not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the Air Force shall carry out a demonstration program to assess the feasi-bility and advisability of permitting individ-uals with auditory impairments (including deafness) to access as officers of the Air Force. (b) C
ANDIDATES .— (1) N
UMBER OF CANDIDATES .—The total number of individuals with auditory impair-ments who may participate in the dem-onstration program shall be not fewer than 15 individuals or more than 20 individuals. (2) M
IX AND RANGE OF AUDITORY IMPAIR -
MENTS .—The individuals who participate in the demonstration program shall include in-dividuals who are deaf and individuals who have a range of other auditory impairments. (3) Q
UALIFICATION FOR ACCESSION .—Any in- dividual who is chosen to participate in the demonstration program shall meet all essen-tial qualifications for accession as an officer in the Air Force, other than those related to having an auditory impairment. (c) SELECTION OF PARTICIPANTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall— (A) publicize the demonstration program nationally, including to individuals who have auditory impairments and would be otherwise qualified for officer training; (B) create a process whereby interested in-dividuals can apply for the demonstration program; and (C) select the participants for the dem-onstration program, from among the pool of applicants, based on the criteria in sub-section (b). (2) N
O PRIOR SERVICE AS AIR FORCE OFFI -
CERS.—Participants selected for the dem-onstration program shall be individuals who have not previously served as officers in the Air Force. (d) B
ASIC OFFICER TRAINING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The participants in the demonstration program shall undergo, at the election of the Secretary of the Air Force, the Basic Officer Training course or the Commissioned Officer Training course at Maxwell Air Force Base, Alabama. (2) N
UMBER OF PARTICIPANTS .—Once indi-viduals begin participating in the dem-onstration program, each Basic Officer Training course or Commissioned Officer Training course at Maxwell Air Force Base, Alabama, shall include not fewer than 4, or more than 6, participants in the demonstra-tion program until all participants have completed such training. (3) A
UXILIARY AIDS AND SERVICES .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall ensure that partici-pants in the demonstration program have the necessary auxiliary aids and services (as that term is defined in section 4 of the Amer-icans With Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12103)) in order to fully participate in the demonstration program. (e) C
OORDINATION .— (1) S
PECIAL ADVISOR .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall designate a special advisor to the demonstration program to act as a re-source for participants in the demonstration program, as well as a liaison between partici-pants in the demonstration program and those providing the officer training. (2) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The special advisor shall be a member of the Armed Forces on active duty— (A) who— (i) if a commissioned officer, shall be in grade O–3 or higher; or (ii) if an enlisted member, shall be in grade E–5 or higher; and (B) who is knowledgeable about issues in-volving, and accommodations for, individ-uals with auditory impairments (including deafness). (3) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The special advisor shall be responsible for facilitating the offi-cer training for participants in the dem-onstration program, intervening and resolv-ing issues and accommodations during the training, and such other duties as the Sec-retary of the Air Force may assign to facili-tate the success of the demonstration pro-gram and participants. (f) R
EPORT .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port on the demonstration program. The re-port shall include the following: (1) A description of the demonstration pro-gram and the participants in the demonstra-tion program. (2) The outcome of the demonstration pro-gram, including— (A) the number of participants in the dem-onstration program that successfully com-pleted the Basic Officer Training course or the Commissioned Officer Training course; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4654 May 23, 2018 
(B) the number of participants in the dem-onstration program that were recommended for continued military service; (C) the issues that were encountered dur-ing the program; and (D) such recommendation for modifica-tions to the demonstration program as the Secretary considers appropriate to increase further inclusion of individuals with audi-tory disabilities serving as officers in the Air Force or other Armed Forces. (3) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Secretary considers appropriate in light of the dem-onstration program. (g) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 58 OFFERED BY MRS . TENNEY  
OF NEW YORK  Page 201, after line 11, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 626. ACCESS FOR VETERANS TO CERTAIN FITNESS CENTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 152 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 2569. FITNESS CENTERS: ACCESS FOR VET-ERANS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), the Secretary of a military department may grant veterans access to a fitness center that— ‘‘(1) is under the jurisdiction of such Sec-retary; and ‘‘(2) is operated by a geographically sepa-rated unit that is located not less than 100 miles from the supporting base of such unit. ‘‘(b) F
ACTORS FOR CONSIDERATION .—In de- termining whether to grant veterans access to a fitness center under subsection (a), the Secretary concerned shall consider— ‘‘(1) whether the commander who oversees the fitness center has determined— ‘‘(A) that such fitness center has the ca-pacity and infrastructure required to support veterans; and ‘‘(B) that granting veterans such access would not impede the readiness of members of the armed forces on active duty who use the fitness center; ‘‘(2) the effect that granting veterans such access would have on the operating and maintenance expenses of the fitness center; and ‘‘(3) any additional criteria determined by the Secretary concerned. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘veteran’ has the meaning given such term in section 101 of title 38.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘2569. Fitness centers: access for veterans.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 59 OFFERED BY MR . LIPINSKI OF  
ILLINOIS  At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12l. REPORT ON IRANIAN EXPENDITURES SUPPORTING FOREIGN MILITARY AND TERRORIST ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter until the date de-scribed in subsection (c), the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to Con-gress a report describing Iranian expendi-tures in the previous calendar year on mili-tary and terrorist activities outside the country, including each of the following: (1) The amount spent in such calendar year on activities by the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, including activities providing support for— (A) Hezbollah; (B) Houthi rebels in Yemen; (C) Hamas; (D) proxy forces in Iraq and Syria; or (E) any other entity or country the Sec-retary determines to be relevant. (2) The amount spent in such calendar year for ballistic missile research and testing or other activities that the Secretary of State determines are destabilizing to the Middle East region. (b) FORM.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The report required under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form, but may include a classified annex. (2) I
NCLUSION IN ANNUAL COUNTRY REPORTS  
ON TERRORISM .—The Secretary of State may issue the reports required under subsection (a) by including such reports in the annual reports required by section 140 of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1988 and 1989 (22 U.S.C. 2656f). (c) E
XPIRATION DATE.—The date described in this subsection is the date on which the Secretary of State determines that the Gov-ernment of Iran no longer provides support for international terrorism pursuant to the following: (1) Section 6(j) of the Export Administra-tion Act of 1979 (as continued in effect under the International Emergency Economic Pow-ers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)). (2) Section 620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2371). (3) Section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780). 
AMENDMENT NO . 60 OFFERED BY MR . JONES OF  
NORTH CAROLINA  At the end of title IX, add the following new subtitle: Subtitle D—DESIGNATION OF THE NAVY AND MARINE CORPS 
SEC. 931. REDESIGNATION OF THE DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY AS THE DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY AND MARINE CORPS. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION OF MILITARY DEPART -
MENT .—The military department designated as the Department of the Navy is redesig-nated as the Department of the Navy and Marine Corps. (b) R
EDESIGNATION OF SECRETARY AND  O
THER STATUTORY OFFICES .— (1) S
ECRETARY .—The position of the Sec-retary of the Navy is redesignated as the Secretary of the Navy and Marine Corps. (2) O
THER STATUTORY OFFICES .—The posi-tions of the Under Secretary of the Navy, the four Assistant Secretaries of the Navy, and the General Counsel of the Department of the Navy are redesignated as the Under Sec-retary of the Navy and Marine Corps, the As-sistant Secretaries of the Navy and Marine Corps, and the General Counsel of the De-partment of the Navy and Marine Corps, re-spectively. 
SEC. 932. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 10, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ‘‘MILITARY DEPART -
MENT ’’.—Paragraph (8) of section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(8) The term ‘military department’ means the Department of the Army, the Depart-ment of the Navy and Marine Corps, and the Department of the Air Force.’’. (b) O
RGANIZATION OF DEPARTMENT .—The text of section 5011 of such title is amended to read as follows: ‘‘The Department of the Navy and Marine Corps is separately orga-nized under the Secretary of the Navy and Marine Corps.’’. (c) POSITION OF SECRETARY .—Section 5013(a)(1) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘There is a Secretary of the Navy’’ and in-serting ‘‘There is a Secretary of the Navy and Marine Corps’’. (d) C
HAPTER HEADINGS .— (1) The heading of chapter 503 of such title is amended to read as follows: ‘‘CHAPTER 503—DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY AND MARINE CORPS’’. (2) The heading of chapter 507 of such title is amended to read as follows: ‘‘CHAPTER 507—COMPOSITION OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF THE NAVY AND MARINE CORPS’’. (e) O
THER AMENDMENTS .— (1) Title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Department of the Navy’’ and ‘‘Secretary of the Navy’’ each place they ap-pear other than as specified in subsections (a), (b), (c), and (d) (including in section headings, subsection captions, tables of chapters, and tables of sections) and insert-ing ‘‘Department of the Navy and Marine Corps’’ and ‘‘Secretary of the Navy and Ma-rine Corps’’, respectively, in each case with the matter inserted to be in the same type-face and typestyle as the matter stricken. (2)(A) Sections 5013(f), 5014(b)(2), 5016(a), 5017(2), 5032(a), and 5042(a) of such title are amended by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretaries of the Navy’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secre-taries of the Navy and Marine Corps’’. (B) The heading of section 5016 of such title, and the item relating to such section in the table of sections at the beginning of chapter 503 of such title, are each amended by inserting ‘‘and Marine Corps’’ after ‘‘of the Navy’’, with the matter inserted in each case to be in the same typeface and typestyle as the matter amended. 
SEC. 933. OTHER PROVISIONS OF LAW AND OTHER REFERENCES. 
(a) T ITLE 37, U NITED STATES CODE.—Title 37, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Department of the Navy’’ and ‘‘Sec-retary of the Navy’’ each place they appear and inserting ‘‘Department of the Navy and Marine Corps’’ and ‘‘Secretary of the Navy and Marine Corps’’, respectively. (b) O
THER REFERENCES .—Any reference in any law other than in title 10 or title 37, United States Code, or in any regulation, document, record, or other paper of the United States, to the Department of the Navy shall be considered to be a reference to the Department of the Navy and Marine Corps. Any such reference to an office speci-fied in section 931(b) shall be considered to be a reference to that officer as redesignated by that section. 
SEC. 934. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This subtitle and the amendments made by this subtitle shall take effect on the first day of the first month beginning more than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 908, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) each will control 10 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
MODIFICATION TO AMENDMENT NO . 53 OFFERED  
BY MR . THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that amend-ment No. 53 printed in House Report 115–702 be modified in the form I have placed at the desk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.018 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4655 May 23, 2018 
The ACTING Chair. The Clerk will report the modification. The Clerk read as follows: Modification to amendment No. 53 of-fered by Mr. C
URBELO of Florida: 
The amendment as modified is as follows: Page 877, insert after line 9 the following new section (and redesignate the succeeding sections accordingly): 
SEC. 2822. AUTHORITY FOR LEASING REAL PROP-ERTY AT THE NAVAL AIR STATION KEY WEST, FLORIDA. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary of the Navy (hereafter in this Act referred to as the ‘‘Sec-retary’’) may lease approximately 19 acres at the Naval Air Station Key West, Florida, for the purpose of constructing, operating, im-proving, and maintaining housing units (in-cluding altering or demolishing existing housing units) under such terms and condi-tions as the Secretary considers will pro-mote the national defense or to be in the public interest. (b) D
URATION OF LEASE .—The lease entered into under this section shall be for such pe-riod as may be agreed to by the Secretary and the lessee, except that such period may not exceed 50 years unless the Secretary de-termines that a lease for a longer period is necessary to meet the purpose of the lease. (c) P
AYMENTS UNDER LEASE .—The Sec-retary shall require the lessee to make pay-ments under the lease entered into under this section in cash for fair market value. (d) D
EPOSIT AND USE OF PROCEEDS .—The Secretary shall deposit and use any cash pro-ceeds from the lease under this section as prescribed in section 2667 of title 10, United States Code. (e) L
EASEBACK PROHIBITED .—During the pe-riod in which the lease entered into under this section is in effect, the Secretary may not lease any of the space constructed by the lessees on the property leased under this sec-tion. (f) R
IGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL FOR PURCHASE  
OFPROPERTY .—The lease entered into under this section may provide the lessee of the property with the first right to purchase the property if the Secretary revokes the lease in order to permit the United States to sell or transfer the property as authorized under any other provision of law. Nothing in this subsection may be construed to provide a lessee with the first right to purchase the property if the Secretary revokes the lease for any other cause, including the failure of the lessee to meet the terms and conditions of the lease. (g) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the property to be leased under this section shall be deter-mined by a survey satisfactory to the Sec-retary. (h) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— The Secretary may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the lease under this section as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the inter-ests of the United States. (i) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVI-
SIONS .—The following provisions of law do not apply to this section, the lease entered into under this section, or the property which is subject to the lease under this sec-tion: (1) Section 2662 of title 10, United States Code. (2) Section 2696 of title 10, United States Code. (3) The Randolph-Sheppard Act (20 U.S.C. 107 et seq.). (4) Title V of the McKinney-Vento Home-less Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11411 et seq.) 
Mr. THORNBERRY (during the read-ing). Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent the modification be considered as read. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the original request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is modified. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL), the chairman of the Homeland Security Committee. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY for yielding me time. Mr. Chairman, protecting U.S. Gov-ernment communication networks from foreign adversaries such as China is vital to our national security. I share the concerns of FBI Director Wray, who testified before the Senate. He was deeply concerned about the risk of allowing any company or entity that is beholden to foreign governments that don’t share our values to gain po-sitions of power inside our tele-communications networks. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to see that section 880 of the NDAA of FY19 addresses this concern by prohibiting Federal departments and agencies from procuring equipment and services from foreign firms such as ZTE and Huawei. Specifically, ZTE violated U.S. sanc-tions and then got caught lying about it. After agreeing to discipline their employees, they lied again and, in-stead, gave those employees a bonus. Now it appears that we are offering them the same kind of deal. They clearly do not have a record built on trust with the United States Govern-ment. This poses significant risks to our Nation’s security. However, this prohibition does not apply to State and local governments, who often rely on Federal grant dollars and play a major role in the protection of our Nations’ security, and that is why I have offered this amendment. My amendment simply extends the prohibition on purchasing ZTE and Huawei products and services to Fed-eral grant money and loans to better safeguard State and local communica-tions networks. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to protect our Nation’s communications networks from foreign adversaries and support this amendment. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM ). Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, New Mex-ico is home to the Kirtland Air Force Research Laboratory that develops groundbreaking technologies that sup-port our men and women in the Armed Forces. These technologies often have a range of commercial applications that can re-energize domestic manufac-turing, create high-paying jobs, and in-crease economic development in our State, which has the second highest unemployment rate in the Nation. High-speed internet servers, GPS, electric vehicles, and even microwave ovens are just a few of the examples of transformational technologies that were originally developed by the Fed-eral Government. My amendments would help facili-tate the commercialization of innova-tive DOD-developed technologies by in-vesting in the scientists, engineers, and mathematicians serving in our mili-tary laboratories. By providing laboratory personnel with business education, entrepre-neurial sabbaticals, and new opportuni-ties to partner with universities and businesses, we can make cutting-edge technologies more widely available to American businesses and consumers, grow our economy, and ensure that the United States leads the world in inno-vation. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support my amendments. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ). Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Chairman, I greatly appreciate everybody recog-nizing the importance of the hard-working folks at the Defense Financing Accounting Services. Lots of our fellow Americans might not realize that DFAS has an incred-ibly important function to cut the pay-roll checks for our men and women in uniform, and also they pay the ven-dors, suppliers, and contractors that keep our military operating; 122 mil-lion transactions last year. Mr. Chairman, during the past 20 years, the Pentagon has consolidated 300 DFAS offices into 10 today, and the civilian workforce has been reduced from 27,000 to 13,000. Mr. Chairman, I am so pleased and grateful that the Armed Services Com-mittee and the Rules Committee are advancing my amendment to clarify that there is no intention by the House of Representatives to further consoli-date any DFAS location or jobs. Mr. Chairman, I am so proud of the 600 hardworking Mainers who cut checks for our brave military personnel at the DFAS facility in Limestone, Maine, way up north in Aroostook County. These 600 Maine jobs are so important to our families and also to our military personnel. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
UOZZI ). Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding this time to me. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased that my bipartisan amendment has been in-cluded in this en bloc package. There is a major problem in our country that Americans want us to ad-dress. It is a bipartisan issue related to contamination related from defense-re-lated activities, and I want to thank 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.049 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4656 May 23, 2018 
the chairman of the committee for his assistance in working on this, as well as my colleagues, Congressman C
OOK and Congresswoman H
ANABUSA , for their work in helping to get this done. Military bases and munitions storage depots and armament manufacturing facilities have left behind a multibil-lion-dollar legacy of required environ-mental cleanup. Under my amendment, the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Energy, In-stallations, and the Environment will be required to brief the Committee on Armed Services on initiatives being pursued to accelerate environmental restoration efforts. In my district alone, there is a site that was contaminated by a Grumman in conjunction with the United States Navy. It was discovered over 40 years ago. It has contaminated groundwater, which is the sole source of drinking water on Long Island. There are people that are trying to get these things cleaned up, but there is so much bureaucracy, so much red tape, so much finger-pointing, that we need to send a clear message from Con-gress that we need the executive branch to work together with us to ac-celerate this cleanup. Mr. Chairman, this amendment will help get that done. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ), the distinguished chair of our Sub-committee on Oversight and Investiga-tions. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this en bloc package. Mr. Chairman, this package includes a bipartisan amendment to ensure that video surveillance equipment is in-cluded in the scope of the NDAA’s pro-hibition on using certain Chinese tech-nology in government agencies. China is actively expanding the role of its companies in the U.S. domestic communications and public safety sec-tors. Video surveillance and security equipment sold by Chinese companies exposes the U.S. Government to signifi-cant vulnerabilities due to built-in backdoors baked right into their prod-ucts. These backdoors can be used to cov-ertly funnel data, including live video and audio surveillance of America’s sensitive military installations and embassies, back to Chinese operatives. Given what we know about China’s intentions and the security risks posed by these firms, we have absolutely no business helping China extend its net-works further and further into our agencies. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY and Ranking Member S
MITH for including this amendment in the package. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. S
CHNEIDER ). Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the ranking member for yielding me the time. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment to increase flexi-bility within the Small Business Inno-vative Research and Technology Trans-fer Programs. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Chairman THORNBERRY and Ranking Member S
MITH for including it in this en bloc package. Federal research programs invest in the future and ensure we stay at the global forefront of innovation and ad-vancement. But this investment is only the first step of the process. We must ensure that innovators and entrepreneurs have the tools necessary to bring their ideas to market. Currently, SBIR and STTR recipients are restricted in how much funding they can use towards commercializa-tion. My amendment would increase the amount of funding recipients in phase 1 and phase 2 can use to pay for assist-ance protecting intellectual property, conducting market research, mapping out manufacturing plans, and other steps that would help them success-fully commercialize their ideas. My amendment would help empower successful innovators with more re-sources to turn federally funded re-search into viable commercial prod-ucts, creating quality jobs and securing our Nation’s creative leadership. b1445 
MODIFICATION TO AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 1 
OFFERED BY MR . THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that amend-ment No. 55 be removed from the en bloc package. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the modification. The Clerk read the modification as follows: 
Strike amendment #55 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Amendments en bloc No. 1 is modified. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ). Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment, which would create a demonstration program in the Air Force for 15 to 20 deaf and hard-of-hearing individuals to serve their country. This amendment is inspired by a young deaf man I met a few years ago named Keith Nolan. He excelled at the first two levels of Army ROTC and was prepared to take the next step when he was told that he could not continue be-cause he is deaf. Including this amend-ment is an incredible tribute to Keith’s advocacy, and I urge my colleagues in the Senate to maintain this provision. I want to thank the chairman and ranking member for including this amendment. I am excited that we are taking this step forward to give the deaf community a chance to defend the country that they love and that we love. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LIPINSKI ). Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chairman, Iran is the world’s foremost state sponsor of terrorism. In spite of their weak econ-omy and U.S.-imposed sanctions in re-sponse to Iran’s support for terrorism, abuse of human rights, and acquisition of prohibited weapons, they continue to support violent groups abroad. As our diplomatic and military lead-ers determine how best to respond to Iran, they and the world, including Ira-nians, should have a detailed account-ing of the amount spent by Iran to sup-port specific terrorist groups. This is especially important in light of the es-calating conflict between Israel and Iran-backed forces in Syria. My amendment requires an annual report from the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence describing Iranian expenditures on military and terrorist activities out-side their country. This will send a clear message to Iran and our allies that we do not tolerate support of ter-rorism. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman and ranking member for including my amendment in this en bloc, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, we have no further speak-ers. I urge adoption of the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc, as modi-fied, offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ). The en bloc amendments, as modi-fied, were agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . GUTHRIE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 115–702. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, insert the following: 
SEC. 3ll. PRODUCTION AND USE OF NATURAL GAS AT FORT KNOX. 
(a) P RODUCTION AND USE OF NATURAL GAS 
ATFORT KNOX.—Chapter 449 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 4782. Natural gas: production, treatment, management, and use at Fort Knox, Ken-tucky ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY .—(1) The Secretary of the Army may provide for the production, treat-ment, management, and use of natural gas located under Fort Knox, Kentucky, without regard to section 3 of the Mineral Leasing Act for Acquired Lands (30 U.S.C. 352). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.050 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4657 May 23, 2018 
‘‘(2) The Secretary is authorized to enter into a contract with an appropriate entity to carry out paragraph (1). ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON USES.—Any natural gas produced under subsection (a) may be used only to support activities and operations at Fort Knox and may not be sold for use else-where. ‘‘(c) O
WNERSHIP OF FACILITIES .—The Sec- retary of the Army may take ownership of any gas production and treatment equipment and facilities and associated infrastructure from an entity with which the Secretary has entered into a contract under subsection (a) in accordance with the terms of the con-tract. ‘‘(d) A
PPLICABILITY .—The authority of the Secretary of the Army under this section is effective as of August 2, 2007.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘4782. Natural gas: production, treatment, management, and use at Fort Knox, Kentucky.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 908, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, I really appreciate the chairman of the Armed Services Com-mittee and the chairman of the Nat-ural Resources Committee for working with me on this amendment. I rise in support of the amendment to clarify Congress’ intent with regard to energy security and conservation pro-grams at Fort Knox. In January 2009, a major ice storm hit my district, crippling local infra-structure for days. This outage across the region also affected Fort Knox, due to the post’s reliance on the local en-ergy grid. This weather event highlighted a vul-nerability that local leaders at Fort Knox took very seriously and had al-ready been working for years to miti-gate. With the full support of the Pen-tagon, the leaders on post and in the community around Fort Knox have made great strides to make Fort Knox the Army’s first energy-secure installa-tion. This really is a great story and one that we in Congress should sup-port. My amendment is about how natural gas fits into the complex, highly so-phisticated energy security program at Fort Knox, Kentucky being blessed with natural gas. The award-winning combination of features and the Fort Knox energy program ranges from new power generation facilities to a geo-thermal pond, infrared heating system, extensive energy efficiency upgrades, and even a solar array. The dashboard in the control room is incredible to see as energy officials can remotely ob-serve and analyze current energy con-sumption and efficiency, isolated to the level of individual rooms in the buildings on post. While the energy conservation pro-gram started in the 1970s, the natural gas story really came into focus a little over 10 years ago when the Army estab-lished service contracts with local companies to drill and pump methane gas on post. This is everything we want for our national security: energy inde-pendence and security that saves Fed-eral money, off-the-grid capability dur-ing moments of a national crisis, and utilizing energy resources efficiency as close to the source as possible. Natural gas has been produced and used on post since 2009 and makes up about 28 percent of annual needs. The amount of gas produces enough for an entire summer load. However, the catch is, and why we are here with this amendment, that the Interior Depart-ment has raised concerns because the Army did not go through the typical Bureau of Land Management lease process. The Bureau of Land Management lease process will not work for this kind of operation because it is not in our national security interest to give mineral rights for DOD property to a third party. The Army should be able to access the resources on post for con-sumption and use on post without hav-ing to go through a third party or remit royalties. This amendment simply allows Fort Knox to continue their great energy se-curity success story and gives them the ability to remain the number one en-ergy-secure Army installation. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I am a little surprised that someone from Kentucky is spon-soring this amendment, because if this amendment were to become law, who would be the biggest loser? It would be the Commonwealth of Kentucky. When the Army started developing natural gas under Fort Knox, it did so without notifying the Department of the Interior, which is the agency that is responsible for these resources. Now the Defense Department has admitted that it was a mistake and says that it has taken steps to prevent this from ever happening again. But we still know that they are producing gas, and I am glad that they have taken steps to prevent this in the future. To my knowledge, that is not the critical issue. The critical issue is that we have a real problem here. That is, the natural gas that is under Fort Knox belongs to the American people, not the military, and royalties are owed to the American people when that gas is sold. As we know, half of those royalties would go to Kentucky. For example, in 2014, the Army esti-mated that it effectively cheated Ken-tucky out of $250,000, and now there are 4 more years of cheating Kentucky and the American people out of their royal-ties. That number is probably much larger now than the $250,000 a year. We have no indication that the Army has paid any of these royalties, and until we deal with that issue that they are not paying royalties for the gas that the American people and the peo-ple of Kentucky own, we should not be letting them off the hook. I would ask the sponsor of the amendment to look closely at this issue and what his home State stands to lose because of it and then to recon-sider again whether or not he wants this amendment to be adopted. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chairman, I just want to close by saying that it is owned by the American people, the military, which is why we are here today at the national level. It is owned by the American people. There are things that we can work through so that we can move forward. Fort Knox is an economic driver in the community. The Federal tax dol-lars that come to Fort Knox to support our men and women contribute greatly to that community. Being energy se-cure is a vital component when we look at the overall needs of the Army and the importance of every Army post, and Fort Knox can certainly make a great claim, being off the grid and being able to operate in times of na-tional emergencies. So I do think this has been thought through. I think instead of going through the other process, we need to move forward and let the Department of Defense do what the Pentagon had sent Fort Knox forward to do. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the comments of my friend from California, but I do think this is the right policy to move forward, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . AMODEI  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 8 printed in House Report 115–702. Mr. AMODEI. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end the following: DIVISION E—NATIONAL STRATEGIC AND CRITICAL MINERALS PRODUCTION 
SEC. 4801. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) in agreement with Executive Order 13806, a healthy manufacturing and defense industrial base and resilient supply chains are essential to the economic strength and national security of the United States. Mod-ern supply chains, however are often long and the ability of the United States to man-ufacture or obtain goods critical to national security could be hampered by an inability to obtain various essential components, which themselves may not be directly re-lated to national security; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.016 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4658 May 23, 2018 
(2) in agreement with Executive Order 13817, the United States is heavily reliant on imports of certain mineral commodities that are vital to the Nation’s security and eco-nomic prosperity; (3) this dependency of the United States on foreign sources creates a strategic vulner-ability for both its economy and military to adverse foreign government actons, natural disaster, and other events that can disrupt supply of these key minerals. Increased pri-vate-sector domestic exploration, produc-tion, recycling, and reprocessing of critical minerals, and support for efforts to identify more commonly available technological al-ternatives to these minerals, will reduce our dependence on imports, preserve our leader-ship in technological innovation, support job creation, improve national security and bal-ance of trade, and enhance the technological superiority and readiness of our Armed Forces, which are among the Nation’s most significant consumers of critical minerals; (4) the industrialization of developing na-tions has driven demand for nonfuel minerals necessary for telecommunications, military technologies, healthcare technologies, and conventional and renewable energy tech-nologies; (5) the availability of minerals and mineral materials are essential for economic growth, national security, technological innovation, and the manufacturing and agricultural sup-ply chain; (6) minerals and mineral materials are critical components of every transportation, water, telecommunications, and energy in-frastructure project necessary to modernize the crumbling infrastructure of the United States; (7) the exploration, production, processing, use, and recycling of minerals contribute sig-nificantly to the economic well-being, secu-rity, and general welfare of the United States; and (8) the United States has vast mineral re-sources but is becoming increasingly depend-ent on foreign sources of mineral resources, as demonstrated by the fact that— (A) 25 years ago, the United States was de-pendent on foreign sources for 45 nonfuel mineral materials, of which— (i) 8 were imported by the United States to fulfill 100 percent of the requirements of the United States for those nonfuel mineral ma-terials; and (ii) 19 were imported by the United States to fulfill greater than 50 percent of the re-quirements of the United States for those nonfuel mineral materials; (B) by 2015 the import dependence of the United States for nonfuel mineral materials increased from dependence on the import of 45 nonfuel mineral materials to dependence on the import of 47 nonfuel mineral mate-rials, of which— (i) 19 were imported by the United States to fulfill 100 percent of the requirements of the United States for those nonfuel mineral materials; and (ii) 22 were imported by the United States to fulfill greater than 50 percent of the re-quirements of the United States for those nonfuel mineral materials; (C) according to the Department of Energy, the United States imports greater than 50 percent of the 41 metals and minerals key to clean energy applications; (D) the United States share of worldwide mineral exploration dollars was 7 percent in 2015, down from 19 percent in the early 1990s; (E) the 2014 Ranking of Countries for Min-ing Investment, which ranks 25 major min-ing countries, found that 7- to 10-year per-mitting delays are the most significant risk to mining projects in the United States; and (F) in late 2016, the Government Account-ability Office found that— (i) ‘‘the Federal government’s approach to addressing critical materials supply issues has not been consistent with selected key practices for interagency collaboration, such as ensuring that agencies’ roles and respon-sibilities are clearly defined’’; and (ii) ‘‘the Federal critical materials ap-proach faces other limitations, including data limitations and a focus on only a subset of critical materials, a limited focus on do-mestic production of critical materials, and limited engagement with industry’’. 
SEC. 4802. DEFINITIONS. 
In this division: (1) A
GENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ means— (A) any agency, department, or other unit of Federal, State, local, or tribal govern-ment; or (B) an Alaska Native Corporation. (2) A
LASKA NATIVE CORPORATION .—The term ‘‘Alaska Native Corporation’’ has the mean-ing given the term ‘‘Native Corporation’’ in section 3 of the Alaska Native Claims Settle-ment Act (43 U.S.C. 1602). (3) L
EAD AGENCY .—The term ‘‘lead agency’’ means the agency with primary responsi-bility for issuing a mineral exploration or mine permit for a project. (4) M
INERAL EXPLORATION OR MINE PER -
MIT.—The term ‘‘mineral exploration or mine permit’’ includes— (A) an authorization of the Bureau of Land Management or the Forest Service, as appli-cable, for premining activities that requires an environmental impact statement or simi-lar analysis under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); (B) a plan of operations issued by— (i) the Bureau of Land Management under subpart 3809 of part 3800 of title 43, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regula-tions); or (ii) the Forest Service under subpart A of part 228 of title 36, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or successor regulations); and (C) a permit issued under an authority de-scribed in section 3503.13 of title 43, Code of Federal regulations (or successor regula-tions). (5) P
ROJECT .—The term ‘‘project’’ means a project for which the issuance of a permit is required to conduct activities for, relating to, or incidental to mineral exploration, mining, beneficiation, processing, or rec-lamation activities— (A) on a mining claim, millsite claim, or tunnel site claim for any locatable mineral; or (B) in conjunction with any Federal min-eral (other than coal and oil shale) that is leased under— (i) the Mineral Leasing Act for Acquired Lands (30 U.S.C. 351 et seq.); or (ii) section 402 of Reorganization Plan Numbered 3 of 1946 (5 U.S.C. App.). 
SEC. 4803. IMPROVING DEVELOPMENT OF STRA-TEGIC AND CRITICAL MINERALS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF STRATEGIC AND CRITICAL  M
INERALS .—In this section, the term ‘‘stra-tegic and critical minerals’’ means minerals that are necessary— (1) for the national defense and national se-curity requirements, including supply chain resiliency; (2) for the energy infrastructure of the United States, including— (A) pipelines; (B) refining capacity; (C) electrical power generation and trans-mission; and (D) renewable energy production; (3) for community resiliency, coastal res-toration, and ecological sustainability for the coastal United States; (4) to support domestic manufacturing, ag-riculture, housing, telecommunications, healthcare, and transportation infrastruc-ture; or (5) for the economic security of, and bal-ance of trade in, the United States. (b) CONSIDERATION OF CERTAIN DOMESTIC  M
INES AS INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS .—A do- mestic mine that, as determined by the lead agency, will provide strategic and critical minerals shall be considered to be an infra-structure project, as described in Executive Order 13807. 
SEC. 4804. RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE LEAD AGENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The lead agency shall ap-point a project lead within the lead agency, who shall coordinate and consult with co-operating agencies and any other agencies involved in the permitting process, project proponents, and contractors to ensure that cooperating agencies and other agencies in-volved in the permitting process, project proponents, and contractors— (1) minimize delays; (2) set and adhere to timelines and sched-ules for completion of the permitting proc-ess; (3) set clear permitting goals; and (4) track progress against those goals. (b) D
ETERMINATION UNDER NEPA.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—To the extent that the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) applies to the issuance of any mineral exploration or mine permit, the requirements of that Act shall be considered to have been procedurally and substantively satisfied if the lead agency determines that any State or Federal agency acting under State or Federal law has addressed or will address the following factors: (A) The environmental impact of the ac-tion to be conducted under the permit. (B) Possible adverse environmental effects of actions under the permit. (C) Possible alternatives to issuance of the permit. (D) The relationship between long- and short-term uses of the local environment and the maintenance and enhancement of long- term productivity. (E) Any irreversible and irretrievable com-mitment of resources that would be involved in the proposed action. (F) That public participation will occur during the decisionmaking process for au-thorizing actions under the permit. (2) W
RITTEN REQUIREMENT .—In making a determination under paragraph (1), not later than 90 days after receipt of an application for the permit, the lead agency, in a written record of decision, shall— (A) explain the rationale used in reaching the determination; (B) state the facts in the record that are the basis for the determination; and (C) show that the facts in the record could allow a reasonable person to reach the same determination as the lead agency did. (c) C
OORDINATION ON PERMITTING PROC-
ESS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The lead agency shall en-hance government coordination for the per-mitting process by— (A) avoiding duplicative reviews; (B) minimizing paperwork; and (C) engaging other agencies and stake-holders early in the process. (2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out para-graph (1), the lead agency shall consider— (A) deferring to, and relying on, baseline data, analyses, and reviews performed by State agencies with jurisdiction over the proposed project; and (B) to the maximum extent practicable, conducting any consultations or reviews con-currently rather than sequentially if the concurrent consultation or review would ex-pedite the process. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.017 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4659 May 23, 2018 
(3) M EMORANDUM OF AGENCY AGREEMENT .— If requested at any time by a State or local planning agency, the lead agency, in con-sultation with other Federal agencies with relevant jurisdiction in the environmental review process, may establish memoranda of agreement with the project sponsor, State and local governments, and other appro-priate entities to accomplish the coordina-tion activities described in this subsection. (d) S
CHEDULE FOR PERMITTING PROCESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For any project for which the lead agency cannot make the determina-tion described subsection (b), at the request of a project proponent, the lead agency, co-operating agencies, and any other agencies involved with the mineral exploration or mine permitting process shall enter into an agreement with the project proponent that sets time limits for each part of the permit-ting process, including— (A) the decision on whether to prepare an environmental impact statement or similar analysis required under the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); (B) a determination of the scope of any en-vironmental impact statement or similar analysis required under the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); (C) the scope of, and schedule for, the base-line studies required to prepare an environ-mental impact statement or similar analysis required under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); (D) preparation of any draft environmental impact statement or similar analysis re-quired under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); (E) preparation of a final environmental impact statement or similar analysis re-quired under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); (F) any consultations required under appli-cable law; (G) submission and review of any com-ments required under applicable law; (H) publication of any public notices re-quired under applicable law; and (I) any final or interim decisions. (2) T
IME LIMIT FOR PERMITTING PROCESS .— Except if extended by mutual agreement of the project proponent and the lead agency, the time period for the total review process described in paragraph (1) shall not exceed 30 months. (e) L
IMITATION ON ADDRESSING PUBLIC COM-
MENTS .—The lead agency shall not be re-quired to address any agency or public com-ments that were not submitted— (1) during a public comment period or con-sultation period provided during the permit-ting process; or (2) as otherwise required by law. (f) F
INANCIAL ASSURANCE .—The lead agency shall determine the amount of financial as-surance required for reclamation of a min-eral exploration or mining site, on the condi-tion that the financial assurance shall cover the estimated cost if the lead agency were to contract with a third party to reclaim the operations according to the reclamation plan, including construction and mainte-nance costs for any treatment facilities nec-essary to meet Federal, State, or tribal envi-ronmental standards. (g) P
ROJECTS WITHIN NATIONAL FORESTS .— With respect to projects on National Forest System land, the lead agency shall— (1) exempt from the requirements of part 294 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations)— (A) all areas of identified mineral re-sources in land use designations, other than nondevelopment land use designations, in ex-istence on the date of enactment of this divi-sion; and (B) all additional routes and areas that the lead agency determines necessary to facili-tate the construction, operation, mainte-nance, and restoration of an area described in paragraph (1); and (2) continue to apply the exemptions de-scribed in paragraph (1) after the date on which approval of the minerals plan of oper-ations described in section 3(4)(B)(ii) for the National Forest System land. (h) APPLICATION TO EXISTING PERMIT APPLI-
CATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—This section applies to a mineral exploration or mine permit for which an application was submitted before the date of enactment of this division if the applicant for the permit submits a written request to the lead agency for the permit. (2) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The lead agency shall begin implementing this section with respect to an application described in para-graph (1) not later than 30 days after the date on which the lead agency receives the written request for the permit. 
SEC. 4805. FEDERAL REGISTER PROCESS FOR MINERAL EXPLORATION AND MIN-ING PROJECTS. 
(a) D EPARTMENTAL REVIEW .—Absent any extraordinary circumstances, as determined by the Secretary of the Interior or the Sec-retary of Agriculture, as applicable, and ex-cept as otherwise required by law, the Sec-retary of the Interior or the Secretary of Ag-riculture, as applicable, shall ensure that each Federal Register notice associated with the issuance of a mineral exploration or mine permit and required by law shall be— (1) subject to any required reviews within the Department of the Interior or the De-partment of Agriculture, as applicable; and (2) published in final form in the Federal Register not later than 45 days after the date of initial preparation of the notice. (b) P
REPARATION .—The preparation of any Federal Register notice described in sub-section (a) shall be delegated to the organi-zational level within the lead agency. (c) T
RANSMISSION .—All Federal Register notices described in subsection (a) regarding official document availability, announce-ments of meetings, or notices of intent to undertake an action shall originate in, and be transmitted to the Federal Register from, the office in which, as applicable— (1) the documents or meetings are held; or (2) the activity is initiated. 
SEC. 4806. SECRETARIAL ORDER NOT AFFECTED. 
This division shall not apply to any min-eral described in Secretarial Order 3324, issued by the Secretary of the Interior on December 3, 2012, in any area to which the order applies. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 908, the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. A
MODEI ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada. Mr. AMODEI. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 1 minute. My amendment would streamline the permitting process for production of minerals deemed critical and strategic for national security and other infra-structure needs. What does the word ‘‘streamline’’ mean? If you read the amendment, it means 30 months. Now, I am a little embarrassed to tell you that stream-line is 30 months, but unless the par-ties agree to something longer, it is 30 months. When you say ‘‘deemed critical,’’ if you read the amendment, you will see multiple pages basically paying respect to the NEPA process and also setting forth due process and asking for a Fed-eral representative of the lead agency to coordinate Federal permitting ac-tions so that we proceed as expedi-tiously as possible when there is, in fact, a need that affects the Armed Services of our country for supply chain and things like that that are critical. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment The Acting CHAIR (Mr. BARTON ). The gentleman from California is recog-nized for 5 minutes. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is simply an attempt to waive portions of our environmental laws for all—and I use the word ‘‘all’’—new mines by pre-tending that these mines are essential for national security. Under this amendment, even sand and gravel—yes, sand and gravel— would become a critical and strategic mineral. The proponents of this amend-ment have argued in the past that sand and gravel are extremely important when you need to build roads. I will agree with that; it is. But this is a de-liberate distortion of the meaning of what is a critical mineral. When it comes to minerals, just be-cause something is important does not mean that it is critical. When someone is in critical condition in the hospital, that doesn’t simply mean that their condition is important. It has a specific meaning. The same is true for critical minerals. All reputable definitions of critical minerals make it clear that there must be a risk of losing access to the min-eral for it truly to be called critical. Even the definition from an executive order signed by President Trump just 5 months ago says that a critical min-eral has to have a supply chain that is vulnerable to disruption. b1500 In the final list of critical minerals identified by the Secretary of the Inte-rior published just last week, the de-partment states that it recognizes the economic significance and indispen-sable nature of minerals such as sand and gravel. But it also states: ‘‘ . . . these minerals do not currently meet the definition of critical’’ because we are not reliant on imports and we have access here in the United States to ade-quate domestic sources. Simply put, we are not at risk of los-ing access to our supplies of sand and gravel, and no foreign government is threatening to close down our quarries. We should not be waiving environ-mental laws for every single mineral simply because it is important for something. Supporters of the amendment say a broad definition is needed because what is and isn’t critical changes all the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.017 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4660 May 23, 2018 
time, so we shouldn’t tie our hands. But I point out, it only took 4 months for the Interior Department of this ad-ministration to publish their final list of critical minerals, and that is start-ing from scratch. Clearly the existing process is al-ready very quick and very flexible. There is no need to define everything as critical and weaken environmental protections for all mines just so a min-ing company doesn’t have to wait 4 months. Also, if this amendment looks famil-iar to many of my colleagues, that is because it is language that has come out of the Natural Resources Com-mittee on a party line vote in each of the past four Congresses. In the past three Congresses it passed the House, again on a party line vote, only to go nowhere in the Senate. The reason why it goes nowhere in the Senate is because that body under-stands what the definition of a critical and strategic mineral is. This amend-ment would have similar luck in the Senate, and it has no business being added to a defense authorization bill. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. AMODEI. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my good friend and colleague, Representative A
MODEI ’s, amendment. The amendment aims to streamline a bureaucratic process that is hampering the production of defense critical met-als and minerals. Strategic and critical minerals are important to national se-curity and help provide our troops with the equipment and weapons they need to keep us safe. A nonclassified defense study re-cently found that failure to have a reli-able supply chain for at least 16 of the 35 critical minerals has already caused significant weapon system production delays for the Department of Defense. A recent report published by the De-partment of the Interior and the U.S. Geological Survey found the U.S. is 100 percent net import reliant on foreign countries, including China, for 20 dif-ferent critical minerals. Such reliance threatens our national security as well as our ability to make equipment and weapons that our troops need to be suc-cessful in their missions. I applaud Representative A
MODEI and his strong leadership and tireless ef-forts to support the needs of our men and women in uniform, and I urge the adoption of this amendment. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. AMODEI. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, it is good to hear that my colleagues from the Golden State think that the administration is doing a good job in this area in some re-spects, and it is good to hear about concerns about the State of Kentucky. But let’s talk about what is actually in the amendment. So let’s talk about what is not in the amendment first. First of all, there is nothing in the amendment that says you must approve a request to be con-sidered a strategic critical mineral. So when we talk in the context of, oh, gee, this could be sand and gravel, some Federal land manager in the executive department, under the provisions in this amendment, has to find that. By the way, there are multiple pages say-ing how they go about that. So it is 30 months. Guess what? After that 30 months, you don’t get a yes. So when we talk about how the sky is going to fall, let’s keep in mind that if you can’t satisfy them on whatever it is that is critical, then guess what? You may get a no, as should be done if it doesn’t satisfy that. So to indicate in context that this is something that is going to make every-thing critical omits the whole applica-tion process and omits the consider-ation process that goes over 30 months. Now, I just want to point out a cou-ple other things, because, quite frank-ly, although maybe the other side thinks that the crystal ball that the administration has is an excellent one, I beg to differ. Since we are talking about things that happened in specific States, let’s talk about the Loma Prieta earthquake that happened in northern California a while back that, quite frankly, shut down freeways— major arteries—in the bay area. Now, I don’t know if sand and gravel would have been appropriate and crit-ical for that, but guess what? To those people in the bay area who wanted that transportation infrastructure open, they wanted it open as soon as pos-sible. So if we have to wait for 30 months to haul loads of sand and grav-el and make concrete to get the 580 or the 680, or whatever it was, in the East Bay open, then perhaps there was an argument for that. I don’t know, unless something like that happens again. But for those minerals that are crit-ical to our healthcare industry, our de-fense industry, and all of those sorts of things, they ought to have the oppor-tunity to apply and see if they get told yes or no in 30 months. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Nevada (Mr. A MODEI ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Nevada will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . MCGOVERN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 10 printed in House Report 115–702. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title V, add the following new section: 
SEC. 5ll. ATOMIC VETERANS SERVICE MEDAL. 
(a) S ERVICE MEDAL REQUIRED .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall design and produce a military service medal, to be known as the ‘‘Atomic Veterans Service Medal’’, to honor retired and former members of the Armed Forces who are radiation-exposed veterans (as such term is defined in section 1112(c)(3) of title 38, United States Code). (b) D
ISTRIBUTION OF MEDAL .— (1) I
SSUANCE TO RETIRED AND FORMER MEM -
BERS .—At the request of a radiation-exposed veteran, the Secretary of Defense shall issue the Atomic Veterans Service Medal to the veteran. (2) I
SSUANCE TO NEXT -OF-KIN.—In the case of a radiation-exposed veteran who is de-ceased, the Secretary may provide for issuance of the Atomic Veterans Service Medal to the next-of-kin of the person. (3) A
PPLICATION .—The Secretary shall pre-pare and disseminate as appropriate an ap-plication by which radiation-exposed vet-erans and their next-of-kin may apply to re-ceive the Atomic Veterans Service Medal. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 908, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Chairman, this is an amendment that I am offering along with my colleague from Min-nesota (Mr. E
MMER ). I want to thank him for his leadership on this issue. Our amendment would very simply create a service medal to be awarded to atomic veterans or their surviving fam-ily members in honor of their service and sacrifice to our Nation. Between 1945 and 1962, about 225,000 members of our Armed Forces partici-pated in hundreds of nuclear weapons tests. Now known as atomic veterans, these GIs were placed in extremely dangerous areas and were constantly exposed to potentially dangerous levels of radiation in performance of their du-ties. They were sworn to secrecy, un-able to even talk to their doctors about their past exposure to radiation. Thankfully, Presidents Bill Clinton and George H.W. Bush recognized the atomic veterans’ valiant service and acted to provide specialized care and compensation for their harrowing duty. In 2007, our allies Great Britain, New Zealand, and Australia, enacted their versions of this amendment by author-izing a medal to honor their atomic veterans who served with the United States. Regrettably, the Pentagon remains silent on honoring the service of our atomic veterans, arguing that to do so would diminish the service of other military personnel who are tasked with dangerous missions. Mr. Chairman, this is a pitiful excuse. Tragically, more than 75 percent of atomic veterans have already passed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.058 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4661 May 23, 2018 
away, never having received this rec-ognition. They served honorably and kept a code of silence that most cer-tainly led to many of these veterans passing away prematurely. Past administrations and Congresses have dealt with thornier issues of le-gality and compensation. What re-mains is recognizing these veterans’ duty, honor, and faithful service to our Nation. I want to thank my colleagues in the House for unanimously voting favor-ably last year by a vote of 424–0. I was shocked when the Service Medal was not included in the conference report. So I am urging my colleagues to join me in voting for this amendment again. Let us send a message to the Senate that this is important and that we are not going to give up. Together we can show them that we are serious about honoring this brave and distin-guished group of patriotic Americans. We owe it to our atomic veterans to recognize them for their selfless serv-ice to our Nation. Mr. Chairman, let me close by say-ing, our veterans who are now known as atomic veterans served this country with great distinction. When they left the service they raised our families, they worked in our factories, and they contributed to our communities. They are getting older. Let us not wait until there are no surviving atomic veterans before we do the right thing. I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring our atomic veterans. This is the right thing to do. It is shameful that we have not been able to do this sooner. I am confident that maybe this is the moment where we will do the right thing. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . MCKINLEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 13 printed in House Report 115–702. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 8ll. ADDITION OF DOMESTICALLY PRO-DUCED DINNER WARE TO THE BERRY AMENDMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2533a(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) Dinner ware.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—Section 2533a(b)(3) of title 10, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a), shall apply with respect to con-tracts entered into after the date that is one year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 908, the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 5515. Let’s put this in historical context: In 1941, Congress passed the Berry amendment, which requires the De-partment of Defense to purchase cer-tain items only from American compa-nies. That list includes American-made products and already includes textiles, clothing, shoes, food, and certain tools. Our amendment would simply add din-nerware. America has some of the best and most talented producers of nontoxic, lead-free dinnerware in the globe. Com-panies like Coors in Tucson, Arizona; Emerson Creek in Bedford, Virginia; and Homer Laughlin in West Virginia. It makes common sense that when we purchase equipment for our mili-tary, whether it is weapons, food or supplies, it is incumbent upon us to consider American jobs as well. This amendment solidifies that be-lief. It shows our strong support for American manufacturing and already has been supported and endorsed by the Alliance for American Manufacturing. Importantly, it would ensure access to safe dinnerware for our military, free from lead or other carcinogenic mate-rials. According to the National Institutes of Health and the Food and Drug Ad-ministration, there have been numer-ous violations involving lead and other contaminants in dinnerware coming from China, Mexico, and other sup-pliers around the world leading to con-cerns for their use by American troops. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to stand with American manufacturers, safety and health concerns, and the jobs that are created in our commu-nities by supporting this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate and un-derstand all Members’ desire to not only support jobs in their district, but to support American manufacturing. I share, of course, that goal. At the same time, I must oppose this amendment because there is simply no national se-curity justification to mandate where DOD buys its plates and mugs. Now, there was a view in the past that textiles, food, and certain tools were essential for the health and well- being of our military and related to their combat effectiveness. It is abso-lutely true that we have had troops die from exposure to tainted food, and that not having the appropriate tools has had an effect on the quality of our weaponry. b1515 I have never heard that argument apply when it comes to plates and bowls and knives or forks and spoons that we are about to discuss with the next amendment. Mr. Chairman, adding this mandate hurts our troops because if these sup-pliers of plates are the best price, then that is what DOD buys. But if it costs more to buy these plates, that money has to come from somewhere. And that money will come from bullets or fuel or other things that are essential for our troops to have. I cannot tell you how many fewer bullets the Pentagon will be able to buy because they have to pay more for their bowls and plates and mugs. I also can’t tell you how much more exactly the Pentagon will expend in en-suring compliance with this mandate, to do the studies to check the quality, to have a report if they should fall in one of the exceptions, which are all there within the law. But I know it will be some. Some money, some added bureauc-racy is too much. As a matter of fact, the underlying bill is trying to go the other way and get more resources into the hands of our warfighters to in-crease what we send to the tooth and reduce the tail. I would just say one other point at this point, Mr. Chairman. Where does this stop? Where does this end? Last year, we had knives and forks and spoons. This year, we have got plates and mugs. Does it next go to the trays that they carry their food on? What about the plastic cups that they may drink from? Do we just keep rolling with this and go all the way to the hand soap and toilet paper in the bathroom? I don’t know where it stops. If there is not a national security justification to put this added cost and added man-date, we should not do it to our troops. Therefore, I must oppose the gentle-man’s amendment and other amend-ments that are not related to national security. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate the remarks of the chairman. As far as it relates to national secu-rity, our schools and our hospitals all across America consider it a serious enough situation on their chinaware because of the lead content and other carcinogenic materials that they have mandated for the health of our children across America that they must have lead-free chinaware. But, unfortunately, what is hap-pening for our military is that we don’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.060 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4662 May 23, 2018 
have that requirement. By putting lead-free American products in, we would be able to have control. You say our troops can get sick from tainted food. They can get sick as well from the plates that they eat from if it mi-grates out of the material into their food when you put hot contents on it or cook it in a microwave. Those things can happen with that. If the schools and the hospitals think it is enough of a concern that they make this mandate, quite frankly, I think we ought to consider the same thing for our troops so that they are not made sick. As far as the price and the quality, if that language in the Berry amendment deals with satisfactory quality and fair price is the standard, all we are doing is adding that to it. So I don’t see that issue being valid on this, because if it is not good qual-ity, even if it is American-made, you are going to be able at a very minimum to acquire it from someone else at the same time. Mr. Chairman, again, I urge my col-leagues to stand with us on this issue of American-made products safe for our troops. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time simply to say: Mr. Chairman, before we add this additional burden on our troops and what we provide to them, there ought to be a scintilla of evi-dence that this is a problem with the military. Saying, well, somebody might get sick some day is not sufficient to say we are going to take more money away from your needs and put it into plates and mugs. We have got to have a sense of priority and a sense of evidence of where the real problems are. Mr. Chairman, therefore, I oppose the gentleman’s amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKIN-
LEY). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from West Virginia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MS . TENNEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 19 printed in House Report 115–702. Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add the following: SEC. ll. ADDITION OF DOMESTICALLY PRO-DUCED STAINLESS STEEL FLAT-WARE TO THE BERRY AMENDMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2533a(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) Stainless steel flatware.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Section 2533a(b)(3) of title 10, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a), shall apply with respect to con-tracts entered into after the date that is one year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 908, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. T
ENNEY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from New York. Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Chairman, once again, I stand on the floor of this great body to urge my colleagues to support American manufacturing and Amer-ican workers. The first shovel was struck into the ground in Rome, New York, to build the Erie Canal, which started the In-dustrial Revolution in America on July 4, 1817. We were booming. Paul Revere started his company there. Remington Arms was founded just down the road in Ilion, New York, which supplied our military with firearms. These two iconic companies remain, but many more have left. Throughout our Nation and the re-gion that I represent, factories that once boomed with activity and produc-tion are now shuttered and empty. Meanwhile, an entire segment of the population has been pushed out of the workforce. President Trump described the Amer-ica we know in central New York in his first inaugural speech: Our manufac-turing plants are now ‘‘rusted out fac-tories scattered like tombstones across the landscape.’’ In the 22nd District, the Rust Belt of New York, and in many other regions across this Nation, economic activity has been on a consistent downturn. Well-paying manufacturing jobs have become increasingly hard to come by, leaving former industrial communities like ours empty as families and busi-nesses flee in droves. In my home State of New York, we have lost 1 million residents since 2010 alone. Here in Washington and in State cap-itals across the country, special inter-ests have been placed before the Amer-ican worker. It is time to put our citi-zens and our workforce first. Mr. Chairman, the amendment that I have introduced will level the playing field for American companies, and it will show our American workforce that they have not been forgotten. And im-portantly, it will reduce our military’s dependence on foreign goods. For 30 years, the Berry amendment included a domestic sourcing for stain-less steel flatware. However, in 2006, the provision was removed when Onei-da Limited, once in our region, the sole Berry-compliant manufacturer in the U.S., closed its U.S.-based factories and moved its operations to China, where almost all flatware is now manufac-tured. In a true American comeback story worthy of a Hollywood Cinderella story, two former Oneida Limited em-ployees opened a new company, Sherrill Manufacturing. Greg Owens and Matt Roberts pur-chased Oneida’s closed factory and old equipment. They refurbished the old equipment and opened Sherrill Manu-facturing. They hired many former Oneida Limited employees and now have a workforce of nearly 80. The product line Sherrill employees create is appropriately known as Liberty Ta-bletop. This former factory ‘‘tombstone’’ on our landscape is now a symbol of Amer-ican ingenuity, craftsmanship, hard work, and freedom. The story of rebirth has given hope to my district. Sherrill Manufacturing has a strong and proven record of sell-ing high-quality products at market prices. Since 2008, Sherrill has been among the top providers of flatware to the Department of Defense and the General Services Administration, ful-filling more than $6.8 million in Fed-eral contracts over the subsequent 8 years. While I understand that there may be some concerns that this domestic sourcing provision will increase costs, GSA has already found Sherrill’s flat-ware to be offered at ‘‘fair and reason-able’’ prices, which is a major reason why the agency already purchases flat-ware from Sherrill. Most importantly, my amendment retains all existing waivers under the Berry amendment, unlike some other Berry amendments. In the case of nega-tive changes to price or quality, the Department of Defense can use other sources of flatware, including in other countries. Under this amendment, it doesn’t cost the Department of Defense anything to use Sherrill. Mr. Chairman, at this time, it is true that the only current Berry-compliant flatware manufacturer is located in my district. It is Sherrill. However, that does not mean that others who support domestic manufacturing cannot begin production and comply with this amendment. Opening a door for American manu-facturers can encourage entrepreneurs across the country to start an oper-ation of their own. My amendment en-courages the American, free market principles of competition and inge-nuity. Again, this amendment does not cost the Department of Defense. Passing this amendment will prove to American entrepreneurs and vision-aries that Congress’ stated support for American jobs and American manufac-turing is not merely just lip service. It shows Congress is committed to put-ting our Nation back on the path to prosperity. I would like to thank my colleagues who had cosponsored this bipartisan amendment: My fellow New Yorker, Representative J
OHNKATKO , who has 15 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.063 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4663 May 23, 2018 
businesses in the neighboring New York district he represents that are a part of the Sherrill Manufacturing sup-ply chain; Representatives P
OLIQUIN  and L
IPINSKI , both great supporters of domestic sourcing and Buy America; Representative W
ALTER B. J ONES , a dedicated member of the House Armed Services Committee; and Representa-tive T
IMRYAN, an outspoken advocate for American manufacturing. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman from New York has ex-pired. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. T
ENNEY ). Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Chairman, again, I want to emphasize that this amend-ment supports American manufac-turing, helps a domestic supply chain that spans 40 congressional districts from New York to California, and de-creases the Department of Defense’s dependence on foreign producers and goods. Removing the variability and uncer-tainty that comes with foreign sourcing of necessary materials for our military is the smart thing to do, con-sidering almost all our goods of this type are now made in China. Mr. Chairman, today we have the op-portunity to give American manufac-turing the boost it deserves, while add-ing a measure of certainty to DOD pro-curement, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, I again want to ex-press my admiration for the gentle-woman from New York and her advo-cacy for workers and businesses in her district. But I must oppose the amend-ment. The fundamental question before the House is: Are we going to inflict higher costs on the Department of Defense with a mandate that requires where the Department buys its forks and spoons and knives and plates and mugs? That is the question. If any of these suppliers provide the best price, that is where DOD is going to go buy them. So these amendments, both the last one and this one, only be-come relevant if the costs are higher and we are making DOD buy the high-er-priced items anyway. Now, as I mentioned, there may be some justification for that when there is a vital national security concern. But when it comes to forks and plates, I don’t think that exists. So the only way these amendments matter is if it forces DOD to pay more. And when it forces DOD to pay more for plates and bowls and forks and knives, then you are taking money away from bullets and fuel and guns and ships and the things that help keep America safe. Mr. Chairman, creating domestic jobs is not the primary mission of the De-partment of Defense. Our focus, the De-partment’s focus and our focus in this bill when it comes to this Congress, is to protect the Nation and to support the men and women who risk their lives for us. We have got to give them everything they need to do their job. We should not do anything that would divert from that. So I, again, with all admiration for the gentlewoman from New York and the gentleman from West Virginia, I just say, if we are going to tell DOD where they have to buy their forks and knives and plates, where does it end? I have a manufacturer, I am sure, in my district that would love to supply the Department of Defense with some-thing or another. b1530 We cannot go down this road. We must let the Department buy the best value. That is what I think all Mem-bers should support. Mr. Chair, I oppose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from New York (Ms. T
ENNEY ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from New York will be postponed. The Chair understands that amend-ment No. 22 will not be offered. It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 31 printed in House Report 115–702. It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 32 printed in House Report 115–702. 
AMENDMENT NO . 43 OFFERED BY MR . ENGEL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 43 printed in House Report 115–702. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place in title XII, insert the following new subtitle: Subtitle ll—Matters Relating to Burma 
SEC. 12ll1. LIMITATION ON SECURITY ASSIST-ANCE AND SECURITY COOPERATION. 
(a) L IMITATION ON MILITARY AND SECURITY  S
ECTOR COOPERATION .—Except as provided in subsection (b) or subsection (e), for the 8- year period beginning on the date of the en-actment of this Act, the United States may not provide security assistance or engage in security cooperation with the military or se-curity forces of Burma until the date on which the Secretary of State certifies to the appropriate congressional committees with respect to security assistance, as such term is defined in section 502B(d) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2304(d)), or, in consultation with the Secretary of De-fense, with respect to security cooperation programs and activities of the Department of Defense, as such term is defined in section 301 of title 10, United States Code, as applica-ble, that the military and security forces of Burma have demonstrated significant progress in abiding by international human rights standards and are undertaking mean-ingful and significant security sector reform, including reforms that enhance transparency and accountability, to prevent future abuses, such as— (1) the Burmese military and security forces adhere to international humanitarian law, demonstrate significant progress in abiding by international standards for human rights, and pledge to stop future human rights abuses; (2) the Burmese military and security forces support efforts to carry out meaning-ful and comprehensive investigations of al-leged abuses and are taking steps to hold ac-countable those members of such military and security forces responsible for human rights abuses; (3) the Government of Burma, including the military and security forces, allow im-mediate and unfettered humanitarian access to communities in areas affected by conflict, including Rohingya communities in the State of Rakhine; (4) the Government of Burma, including the military and security forces, cooperates with the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and organizations affiliated with the United Nations to ensure the pro-tection of displaced persons and the safe, vol-untary, and dignified return of refugees and internally displaced persons; (5) the Burmese military and security forces cease their attacks against ethnic mi-nority groups and constructively participate in the conclusion of a credible, nationwide ceasefire agreement, political accommoda-tion, and constitutional change, including the restoration of the citizenship of the Rohingya; (6) the Government of Burma, including the military and security forces, defines a transparent plan with a timeline for profes-sionalizing the military and security forces and includes a process by which the military withdraws from private-sector business en-terprises and ceases involvement in the ille-gal trade in natural resources and narcotics; or (7) the Government of Burma establishes effective civilian control over the finances of its military and security forces, including by ensuring that the military does not have ac-cess to off-budget income and that military expenditures are subject to adequate civilian oversight. (b) EXCEPTIONS .— (1) C
ERTAIN EXISTING AUTHORITIES .—The Secretary of Defense shall retain the author-ity granted by section 1253 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (22 U.S.C. 2151 note) and is authorized to pro-vide the Government of Burma with assist-ance necessary to make available the activi-ties described in subsection (a) of such sec-tion. (2) H
OSPITALITY .—The Secretary of State and the United States Agency for Inter-national Development may provide assist-ance authorized under part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.) to provide hospitality during research, dia-logues, meetings, or other activities by the parties attending the Union Peace Con-ference 21st Century Panglong or related processes seeking inclusive, sustainable rec-onciliation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.065 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4664 May 23, 2018 
(c) M ILITARY REFORM .—The certification required under subsection (a) shall include a written justification in unclassified form that may contain a classified annex describ-ing the Burmese military’s efforts to imple-ment reforms, end impunity for human rights abuses, and increase transparency and accountability. (d) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of De-fense and the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report, in unclassified form with a classi-fied annex, on the strategy and plans for military-to-military engagement between the United States Armed Forces and the military and security forces of Burma. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: (A) A description and assessment of the Government of Burma’s strategy for security sector reform, including plans to withdraw the military from owning or controlling pri-vate-sector business entities and end in-volvement in the illicit trade in jade and other natural resources, reforms to end cor-ruption and illicit drug trafficking, and con-stitutional reforms to ensure civilian con-trol. (B) A list of ongoing military activities conducted by the United States Government with the Government of Burma, and a de-scription of the United States strategy for future military-military engagements be-tween the United States and Burma’s mili-tary and security forces, including the mili-tary of Burma, the Burma Police Force, and armed ethnic groups. (C) An assessment of the progress of the military and security forces of Burma to-wards developing a framework to implement human right reforms, including— (i) cooperation with civilian authorities to investigate and prosecute cases of serious, credible, or gross human rights abuses; (ii) steps taken to demonstrate respect for and implementation of the laws of war; and (iii) a description of the elements of the military-to-military engagement between the United States and Burma that promote such implementation. (D) An assessment of progress on the peaceful settlement of armed conflicts be-tween the Government of Burma and ethnic minority groups, including actions taken by the military of Burma to adhere to cease-fire agreements, allow for safe and voluntary re-turns of displaced persons to their homes, and withdraw forces from conflict zones. (E) An assessment of the Burmese’s mili-tary recruitment and use of children as sol-diers. (F) An assessment of the Burmese’s mili-tary’s use of violence against women, sexual violence, or other gender-based violence as a tool of terror, war, or ethnic cleansing. (e) W
AIVER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State, with respect to security assistance, and the Secretary of Defense in consultation with the Secretary of State, with respect to secu-rity cooperation programs and activities of the Department of Defense, may waive on a case-by-case basis the application of the lim-itation under subsection (a) if the Secretary submits to the appropriate congressional committees, not later than 30 days before such waiver enters into effect— (A) a list of the activities and participants to which such waiver would apply; (B) a certification, including a justifica-tion, that the waiver is in the national inter-est of the United States; and (C) a certification that none of the partici-pants listed pursuant to subparagraph (A) have committed any of the acts described in section 12l2(a)(1)(A) or 12l2(a)(1)(B) or com-mitted any other gross violation of human rights, as such term is defined for purposes of section 362 of title 10, United States Code. SEC. 12ll2. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN FOREIGN PERSONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For the 8-year period be-ginning on the date that is 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Presi-dent shall impose the sanctions described in subsection (b) with respect to each foreign person that the President determines— (1) is a current or former senior official of the military or security forces of Burma who knowingly— (A) perpetrated or is responsible for order-ing or otherwise directing serious human rights abuses in Burma; or (B) has taken significant steps to impede investigations or prosecutions of serious human rights abuses allegedly committed by one or more subordinates of such official, in-cluding against the Rohingya community in the state of Rakhine; (2) is an entity owned or controlled by any person described in paragraph (1); (3) has knowingly provided or received sig-nificant financial, material, or technological support to or from a foreign person, includ-ing the immediate family members of such person, described in paragraph (1) for any of the acts described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of such paragraph. (b) S
ANCTIONS .—The sanctions described in this section are the following: (1) A
SSET BLOCKING .—Notwithstanding the requirements of section 202 of the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701), the exercise of all powers granted to the President by such Act to the extent necessary to block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of a person the President deter-mines meets one or more of the criteria de-scribed in subsection (a) if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (2) A
LIENS INELIGIBLE FOR VISAS , ADMISSION , 
OR PAROLE .— (A) V
ISAS, ADMISSION , OR PAROLE .—An alien who the Secretary of State or the Secretary of Homeland Security (or a designee of one of such Secretaries) knows, or has reason to be-lieve, meets any of the criteria described in subsection (a) is— (i) inadmissible to the United States; (ii) ineligible to receive a visa or other doc-umentation to enter the United States; and (iii) otherwise ineligible to be admitted or paroled into the United States or to receive any other benefit under the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.). (B) C
URRENT VISAS REVOKED .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The issuing consular offi-cer, the Secretary of State, or the Secretary of Homeland Security (or a designee of one of such Secretaries) shall revoke any visa or other entry documentation issued to an alien who meets any of the criteria described in subsection (a) regardless of when issued. (ii) E
FFECT OF REVOCATION .—A revocation under clause (i)— (I) shall take effect immediately; and (II) shall automatically cancel any other valid visa or entry documentation that is in the alien’s possession. (3) E
XCEPTION TO COMPLY WITH UNITED NA -
TIONS HEADQUARTERS AGREEMENT .—Sanctions under paragraph (2) shall not apply to an alien if admitting the alien into the United States is necessary to permit the United States to comply with the Agreement re-garding the Headquarters of the United Na-tions, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force November 21, 1947, be-tween the United Nations and the United States, or other applicable international ob-ligations. (4) EXCEPTION WITH RESPECT TO THE IMPOR -
TATION OF GOODS .—The authorities and re-quirements to impose sanctions under this section shall not include any authority or re-quirement to impose sanctions with respect to the importation of goods, as such term is defined in section 16 of the Export Adminis-tration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4618) (as contin-ued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.))). (c) P
ENALTIES .—Any person that violates, attempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of this section or any reg-ulation, license, or order issued to carry out subsection (b) shall be subject to the pen-alties set forth in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) to the same extent as a person that commits an un-lawful act described in subsection (a) of that section. (d) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The President may exercise the authorities provided under sec-tion 203 and 205 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702 and 1704) to carry out this section. (e) W
AIVER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may annu-ally waive the application of sanctions re-quired by subsection (a) with respect to a person if the President— (A) determines that such waiver is in the national interest of the United States; and (B) not later than the date on which such waiver will take effect, submits to the con-gressional committees listed in paragraph (2) a notice of and justification for such waiver. (2) C
ONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES LISTED .— The congressional committees listed in this paragraph are the following: (A) The Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives. (B) The Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
DMITTED ; ALIEN .—The terms ‘‘admit-ted’’ and ‘‘alien’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 101 of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1001). (2) F
OREIGN PERSON .—The term ‘‘foreign person’’ means a person that is not a United States person. (3) K
NOWINGLY .—The term ‘‘knowingly’’ means, with respect to conduct, a cir-cumstance, or a result, means that a person has actual knowledge, or should have known, of the conduct, the circumstance, or the re-sult. (4) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means— (A) a United States citizen, an alien law-fully admitted for permanent residence to the United States, or any other individual subject to the jurisdiction of the United States; or (B) an entity organized under the laws of the United States or of any jurisdiction within the United States, including a foreign branch of such entity. 
SEC. 12ll3. RESPONSIBILITY AND TRANS-PARENCY IN THE MINING SECTOR. 
(a) L IST OF PARTICIPATING ENTITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less than annually thereafter until the date described in subsection (e), the Sec-retary of State shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a list of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.023 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4665 May 23, 2018 
entities described in each of subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (2) that— (A) participate in Burma’s mining sector; (B) meet the criterion described in sub-section (b)(1); and (C) meet or have made significant progress towards meeting the criteria in subsections (b)(2) through (b)(5). (2) E
NTITIES DESCRIBED .—The entities de-scribed in this paragraph are the following: (A) Entities that produce or process pre-cious and semiprecious gemstones. (B) Entities that sell or export precious and semiprecious gemstones from Burma or articles of jewelry containing such gemstones. (b) C
RITERIA DESCRIBED .—The criteria de-scribed in this subsection are the following with respect to an entity: (1) The entity publicly discloses beneficial ownership, as such term is defined for pur-poses of the Myanmar Extractive Industry Transparency Initiative (Myanmar EITI), and the entity is not owned or controlled, ei-ther directly or indirectly, by the Burmese military or security forces, any current or former senior Burmese military officer, or any person sanctioned by the United States pursuant to any relevant sanctions author-ity. (2) The entity publicly discloses any politi-cally exposed persons, as defined by the Myanmar EITI, who are beneficial owners, as defined under the Myanmar EITI. (3) The entity publicly discloses valid au-thorization, license, or permit to produce, process, sell, or export minerals or gemstones, as applicable. (4) The entity publicly discloses payments to the Government of Burma, including tax and non-tax, license, or royalty payments, and other payments or contract terms as may be required under Myanmar Extractive Industry Transparency Initiative standards. (5) The entity undertakes robust due dili-gence, in line with the OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict-Affected and High- Risk Areas, including public reporting. (c) P
UBLICATION OF LIST.—The Secretary of State shall publish the list under subsection (a) and shall periodically update such list as appropriate. (d) G
UIDANCE .—The Secretary of State shall issue guidance to relevant companies regarding supply-chain due diligence best practices applicable to importation of gemstones or minerals that may be of Bur-mese origin or articles of jewelry containing such gemstones to mitigate the potential risks associated with the importation of such items. (e) T
ERMINATION .—The requirement under subsection (a) shall terminate on the date on which the President certifies to the appro-priate congressional committees that the Government of Burma has taken substantial measures to reform the mining sector in Burma, including the following: (1) Requiring the mandatory disclosure of payments, permit and license allocations, project revenues, relevant contract terms, and beneficial ownership, including identi-fying any politically exposed persons who are beneficial owners, consistent with the approach agreed under the Myanmar EITI and with due regard for civil society partici-pation. (2) Separating the commercial, regulatory, and revenue collection responsibilities with-in the Myanmar Gems Enterprise and other key state-owned enterprises to remove exist-ing conflicts of interest. (3) Monitoring and undertaking enforce-ment actions, as warranted, to ensure that entities fully adhere to environmental and social impact assessment and management standards in accordance with international responsible mining practices, the country’s environmental conservation law and other applicable laws and regulations, and that they uphold occupational health and safety standards and codes of conduct that are aligned with the core labor standards of the International Labour Organisation and do-mestic law. (4) Actively seeking a comprehensive peace agreement that addresses the transparent and fair distribution of benefits from natural resources, including local benefit-sharing, taking into consideration proposals on fiscal federalism for new governance arrangements in resource-rich regions. (5) Implementing on a timely basis policy reforms aligned with the recommendations of the multi-stakeholder Jade and Gemstone Support Committee and reporting regularly on such reforms. (6) Reforming the process for valuation of gemstones at the mine-site, including devel-oping an independent valuation system to prevent undervaluation and tax evasion. (7) Requiring companies bidding for jade and ruby permits to be independently au-dited upon the request of Myanmar Gems Enterprise or the Minister of Natural Re-sources and Environmental Conservation, and making the results of all such audits public. (8) Establishing a credible and transparent permitting process that closely scrutinizes applicants, including based on past perform-ance, and prevents unscrupulous entities from gaining authorized access to conces-sions or the right to trade in minerals or gemstones. (9) Establishing effective oversight of state-owned enterprises operating in such sector, including through parliamentary oversight or requirements for independent fi-nancial auditing. SEC. 12ll4. DETERMINATION AND REPORT ON ACCOUNTABILITY FOR ETHNIC CLEANSING, CRIMES AGAINST HU-MANITY, AND GENOCIDE IN BURMA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port that— (1) describes— (A) allegations of ethnic cleansing, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Burma; and (B) potential transitional justice mecha-nisms in Burma; and (2) includes a determination whether the events that took place in the state of Rakhine in Burma, starting on August 25, 2017, constitute ethnic cleansing, crimes against humanity, or genocide. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a description of— (A) incidents that may constitute ethnic cleansing, crimes against humanity, or geno-cide committed by the Burmese military against the Rohingya minority and the iden-tities of any other actors involved in such in-cidents; (B) the role of the civilian government in the commission of such incidents; (C) incidents that may constitute ethnic cleansing, crimes against humanity, or geno-cide committed by violent extremist groups or anti-government forces; (D) incidents that may violate the prin-ciple of medical neutrality and, to the extent possible, the identities of any individuals who engaged in or organized such incidents; and (E) to the extent possible, a description of the conventional and unconventional weap-ons used for such crimes and the sources of such weapons; (2) a description and assessment by the De-partment of State, the United States Agency for International Development, the Depart-ment of Justice, and other appropriate Fed-eral departments and agencies of programs that the United States has already under-taken or is planning to undertake to ensure accountability for ethnic cleansing, crimes against humanity, and genocide perpetrated against the Rohingya by the military and se-curity forces of Burma, the state govern-ment of Rakhine, Buddhist militias, and all other armed groups fighting in Rakhine, in-cluding programs to— (A) train civilian investigators within and outside of Burma and Bangladesh on how to document, investigate, develop findings of, and identify and locate alleged perpetrators of ethnic cleansing, crimes against human-ity, or genocide in Burma; (B) promote and prepare for a transitional justice process or processes for the perpetra-tors of ethnic cleansing, crimes against hu-manity, and genocide occurring in the State of Rakhine in 2017; and (C) document, collect, preserve, and pro-tect evidence of ethnic cleansing, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Burma, including by providing support for Burmese, Bangladeshi, foreign, and international non-governmental organizations, the United Na-tions Human Rights Council’s investigative team, and other entities engaged in such in-vestigative activities; and (3) a detailed study of the feasibility and desirability of potential transitional justice mechanisms for Burma, including a hybrid tribunal, to address ethnic cleansing, crimes against humanity, and genocide perpetrated in Burma, including recommendations on which transitional justice mechanisms the United States should support, why such mechanisms should be supported, and what type of support should be offered. (c) PROTECTION OF WITNESSES AND EVI-
DENCE .—The Secretary of State shall take due care to ensure that the identification of witnesses and physical evidence are not pub-licly disclosed in a manner that might place such persons at risk of harm or encourage the destruction of evidence by the Govern-ment of Burma. (d) A
UTHORIZATION TO PROVIDE TECHNICAL  A
SSISTANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State is authorized to provide assistance to support appropriate entities that are undertaking the efforts described in paragraph (2) with re-spect to ethnic cleansing, crimes against hu-manity, and genocide perpetrated by the military and security forces of Burma, the state government of Rakhine, Buddhist mili-tias, and all other armed groups fighting in Rakhine State. (2) E
FFORTS AGAINST HUMAN RIGHTS  
ABUSES .—The efforts described in this para-graph are the following: (A) Identifying suspected perpetrators of ethnic cleansing, crimes against humanity, and genocide. (B) Collecting, documenting, and pro-tecting evidence of such crimes and preserve the chain of custody for such evidence. (C) Conducting criminal investigations. (D) Supporting investigations conducted by other countries, as appropriate. (3) A
DDITIONAL SUPPORT .—The Secretary of State, taking into account any relevant find-ings in the report required by subsection (a), is authorized to support the creation and op-eration of transitional justice mechanisms, including a potential hybrid tribunal, to prosecute individuals suspected of commit-ting ethnic cleansing, crimes against human-ity, or genocide in Burma. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.023 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4666 May 23, 2018 
SEC. 12ll5. APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES. 
In this subtitle, the term ‘‘appropriate con-gressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 908, the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chair, let me say that, since August of 2017, the Burmese military has inflicted horrific violence against the Rohingya in Burma’s Rakhine State and is, today, using the same tactics against the Kachin. The result: 700,000 refugees. I didn’t get that wrong. It is 700,000 refugees pushed into Bangladesh. Eighty percent are women and children, many of whom are now victims of horrific gender-based vio-lence. It is the sort of treatment ethnic minorities have endured there for dec-ades. This a manmade crisis—ethnic cleansing, perhaps genocide—and to date there has been no accountability. This measure would change that. It would limit U.S. military-to-military assistance with the Burmese military until we see progress on human rights and accountability. It would authorize tough financial sanctions and visa bans against mili-tary and security forces involved in human rights abuses, promote trans-parency, and push reform in the Bur-mese gem sector, a target of corrupt military influence; and it requires the Secretary of State to determine what, in addition to ethnic cleansing, might have occurred. This body has long stood on the side of freedom, democracy, and human rights in Burma. I urge all Members to join me today in doing the same thing by supporting this measure. Mr. Chair, I urge all Members to sup-port this, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 50 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 50 printed in House Report 115–702. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: At the end of subtitle A of title XXXI, add the following new section: 
SEC. 31ll. BUDGET REDUCTION FOR WEAPONS ACTIVITIES. 
Notwithstanding the amounts set forth in the funding tables in division D, the amount authorized to be appropriated by section 3101 for the National Nuclear Security Adminis-tration, as specified in the corresponding funding table in section 4701, for weapons ac-tivities is hereby reduced by $198,000,000. The amount of such reduction shall not be avail-able for any purpose other than deficit re-duction. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 908, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chair, my amend-ment, which I am proud to sponsor with Representative B
LUMENAUER , makes a small, sensible reduction to unnecessary nuclear weapons spending. The National Defense Authorization that we have before us this week au-thorizes hundreds of millions of dollars for our nuclear weapons program, even $65 million to reduce an additional low- yield warhead. While the threats that we face around the world are different than what they were a few years ago, we cannot afford to sacrifice the fiscal security of our Nation in the name of national security. Spending more than we have and more than we need to on the military makes us less secure, rather than more secure, by mortgaging our future and that of future generations to those for-eign nations which hold our debt. My amendment would simply make a small start by reducing the funding for the National Security Administration’s weapons account by $198 million, the exact amount that the agency itself says that it doesn’t need. Let me be clear: This amendment will maintain all of our nuclear capa-bilities and research; but for a body that should be making the hard choices to get our budget under control, why should we be giving the National Secu-rity Administration more money than they want, need, or are asking for? We need to start getting our budget under control. This is a small step. I of-fered other amendments that were blocked. This one is allowed. I hope that my Republican and Democratic colleagues can come together to show that we are serious about cutting un-necessary spending and reducing our deficit. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I strongly oppose this amendment. This amendment is not about steward-ship of taxpayers’ dollars, good govern-ment, or setting priorities. Instead, this amendment is part of a broader, antinuclear agenda that we see year in and year out. Let’s be clear about what this amendment does. It cuts $145 million in desperately needed funding for recapi-talizing nuclear weapons production buildings dating back to the 1940s and the 1950s. Here is a quote from General Klotz, President Obama’s NNSA Adminis-trator, before my subcommittee a few years ago: Our infrastructure is extensive, complex, and, in many critical areas, several decades old. More than half of the NNSA’s approxi-mately 6,000 real property assets are over 40 years old, and nearly 30 percent date back to the Manhattan Project era. Many of the enterprise’s critical utility, safety, and support systems are failing at an increasing and unpredictable rate, which poses both programmatic and safety risk. 
That was in 2016. Folks, let me assure you, this problem has not gotten any better since then. I know that it has only gotten worse because I have vis-ited all NNSA sites and have seen these deplorable conditions firsthand. We are asking the Nation’s highly skilled scientists, engineers, and tech-nicians to design and build our nuclear weapons in buildings that are literally falling down around them. We have had large chunks of concrete fall from ceil-ings into operating workspaces. We have even had tape and plastic sheath-ing around 40-year-old pots carrying radioactive liquids. I have personally seen tarps hung over sensitive diag-nostic equipment to prevent leaking roofs from destroying equipment worth tens of millions of dollars. NNSA has a $3.7 billion backlog in deferred maintenance and repair needs. The funding that this amendment would strip away is sorely needed to help dig out of this hole. It is unfortu-nate that the gentleman does not at least recognize that this amendment would do harm to the safety of our workers. I urge my colleagues to recognize this amendment for what it is and re-ject this broader agenda to undercut the U.S. nuclear deterrent. Mr. Chair, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Our nuclear arsenal is capable of end-ing human life on the planet five to seven times. I don’t understand the need for redundancy when it comes to the extinction of humanity. Once should be more than enough to kill every man, woman, and child on the face of the planet. My amendment doesn’t address all of that, but it does make a cut of $198 million in unneces-sary spending for nuclear weapons. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. D
ESJARLAIS ), my friend and colleague and a member of the Subcommittee on Strategic Forces. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.023 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4667 May 23, 2018 
Mr. D ESJARLAIS. Mr. Chair, I join the gentleman in expressing my opposi-tion to this amendment. The NNSA’s mission is, arguably, one of the most critical national security roles across the U.S. Government. As my colleague from Alabama pointed out, after years of insufficient funding, our Nuclear Security Enter-prise is now facing a myriad of infra-structure problems and potential fail-ures. To quote Los Alamos lab director Dr. Charlie McMillan: ‘‘One of the things that keeps me up at night is the realization that essential capabilities are held at risk by the possibility of such failures.’’ The amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado would only exac-erbate these problems. Most of the cuts made by this amendment would come from high-priority deferred mainte-nance and infrastructure repairs. With a $3.7 billion infrastructure and main-tenance backlog, these cuts are unac-ceptable and pose a serious threat not only to the NNSA mission, but to the occupational well-being of its employ-ees as well. Under the leadership of Chairman T
HORNBERRY and Chairman R OGERS , the committee has worked hard over the past 2 years to mitigate these in-frastructure issues and prevent the oc-currence of a single-point failure with-in the Nuclear Security Enterprise. It is critical that we continue to push for-ward with these efforts and resolve these outstanding issues. As such, I strongly urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ), the full committee chairman, for any com-ments he may have. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, the men and women of NNSA are like the military: they are going to get the job done under whatever conditions are re-quired. But this amendment affects their work environment, their health and safety, and whether we can attract and retain top-quality people. It is the people who would suffer under this; it is not the mission. I understand people are antinuclear, but it is the people who would suffer. As both gentlemen have said, we have a tremendous backlog. This just helps us catch up a little bit. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chair, I demand a re-corded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. AMENDMENT NO . 55 OFFERED BY MR . GALLAGHER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 55 printed in House Report 115–702. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Subparagraph (A) of section 1252(c)(2) is amended by adding at the end the following: (vii) The abuse of employment and student visa programs to enter the United States in order to conduct political, academic, or so-cial influence efforts, or for the purposes of establishing Chinese Communist Party cells or other entities under the control or coordi-nation of the Chinese Communist Party. (viii) The Chinese Communist Party’s coer-cion or intimidation of Chinese nationals studying or working in the United States or outside China. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 908, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ALLAGHER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, as a free and open so-ciety, the United States has always drawn in those from around the world seeking to study here, to live here, in-dividuals seeking to observe and par-ticipate in our way of life. Indeed, we benefit from these visitors when they take on our values and go home with them. However, when an individual comes to study and work in the United States, we must take care both that they are here for their stated purpose and that they are allowed to fulfill their legitimate goal without disrup-tion. As one FBI study has found, foreign intelligence services have been taking advantage of higher education institu-tions and personnel for many years. This problem is particularly acute with China. That is why administrations on both sides of the aisle have considered measures to protect academic research from foreign exploitation. In recent years, we have seen a num-ber of cases damaging the national se-curity: In 2008, a Tennessee professor was convicted of exporting defense articles without a license after using Chinese students to conduct Air Force research that they exported to China; In 2009, a researcher at Duke Univer-sity sent data back to China, which led to the creation of a multibillion-dollar Chinese company; And in 2015, Chinese professors were among six defendants charged by the Department of Justice with theft of trade secrets on behalf of Chinese com-panies and academic institutions. As the United States addresses Chi-na’s increasingly aggressive rise, it is critical that we consider how to effec-tively address these issues as a free so-ciety. That is why my amendment re-quires that a whole-of-government strategy on China mandated by the NDAA incorporate two key elements: exploitation of visa programs to enter the United States by the Chinese Com-munist Party and the party’s intimida-tion and coercion of Chinese nationals in the United States. This is not a blanket ban or require-ment of any sort to limit the number of Chinese students studying in the U.S.; rather, it is merely adding an im-portant element to the existing strat-egy required under the NDAA to ad-dress a whole-of-government challenge comprehensively. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. b1545 Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition, and I want to commend my friend from Wisconsin for correctly identifying one of the strategic challenges that China poses, but I am concerned this effort to amend section 1252 will make flawed language even worse. The bill currently requires the Presi-dent to provide a report to Congress that outlines a strategy to respond to competitive and, at times, malicious actions by China. In fact, my friend from Wisconsin has outlined several in-stances where we have been successful in ferreting out these actions all with-out his amendment being law. So let me be clear, though, on the strategy. The strategy cannot and should not always be only responding to China. The U.S. needs to develop a proactive, assertive agenda to contrast with and to compete with China. Rath-er than setting up actions that could restrict student visa programs or sug-gesting that Chinese visitors are in the U.S. to do the bidding of the Chinese Communist Party, Congress should be taking a proactive approach consistent with our national security interests and, importantly, our values. Now, I don’t want to dwell too much on what is called the Confucius Insti-tute in that issue, except to say that part of our response to something like the Confucius Institute ought to be U.S. programs to support Chinese lan-guage and culture programs for stu-dents in this country, instead of out-sourcing it. There is an example where we can go on offense, instead of always responding or reacting to actions by China. Schools that wish to have Chi-nese language instruction should not have to rely on China for funding, as an example. So I am deeply concerned the lan-guage in the underlying bill takes a re-flexive and a narrow-minded view of the real challenge posed by China. Closing off our country is the wrong approach. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.071 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4668 May 23, 2018 
To use a football metaphor, closing off our Nation to foreign investment and to students is thinking like a de-fensive coordinator and not a particu-larly creative one. Instead, we need to think like a head coach, developing new offensive and defensive strategies, a new playbook revamping the old one. So let me clarify. Going on offense is not just a reaction to China. It rep-resents a strategy to keep the U.S. en-gaged in the global community. We should focus on multiple aspects of public policy: education, foreign trade, investment, immigration, military ca-pabilities, innovation, and, of course, our bilateral relationship with China. A smarter strategic plan would dem-onstrate to the world and to the Chi-nese people the superiority of the U.S. model: democracy, free and open elec-tions, diversity, open markets, and a free press. We should be exposing Chi-nese students to these values, making sure they understand that they have a different choice. This is what Congress should be working on, not adding new provisions to an already flawed report. I urge my colleagues to oppose the Gallagher amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ). Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of this amend-ment. I thank the gentleman from Wis-consin for bringing this important issue into the forefront. We need to face the reality that China is actively pursuing a whole-of- nation approach to gain global influ-ence. This includes targeting U.S. uni-versities by exploiting our student visa program in order to gain access and steal sensitive, proprietary, and classi-fied information. According to DOD, in 2014, almost a quarter of foreign efforts to steal sen-sitive information happened through academic institutions. What is even more alarming is that, under Chinese law, citizens are required to provide data, information, and technological support or assistance to the Chinese Government upon request. This means that China can intimidate and coerce its citizens to provide information. The amendment offered today will ensure that this form of espionage is thoroughly considered as we develop our whole-of-government China strat-egy. I do support what the gentleman said that we need to go on the offensive as well, but that doesn’t mean we give up the defense, and we need to be smart in that strategy as well. I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chair, may I ask how much time both parties have left. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Washington has 2 minutes re-maining. The gentleman from Wis-consin has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentle-woman from California (Ms. J
UDYCHU). Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to Mr. GALLAGHER ’s amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act. This harmful amendment would add language to the NDAA that specifically targets Chinese foreign nationals who receive U.S. employment or student visas for extra scrutiny by our Federal Government. If this amendment were to confine itself to the serious issue of safeguarding American interests against foreign political influence, in-dustrial acquisitions, and regional global capabilities, it might be sup-portable. But this amendment specifi-cally targets an ethnic population in this country by singling out the Chi-nese who participate in student visa programs and who are receiving em-ployment visas. While there is no doubt that we must take national security threats from foreign countries seriously, including Russia, this amendment assumes that there is widespread abuse of our visa program from China alone and at-tempts to paint all Chinese students, scholars, and employees, en masse, as potential spies for China. This underlying bill already includes elements to address interstate stra-tegic competition and does so without creating a precedent for singling out individuals because of their country of origin. We have seen how our govern-ment’s policies and actions towards foreign nationals have the ability to impact Americans of certain ethnic backgrounds. We need to look no further than the examples of Sherry Chen and Dr. Xioaxing Xi, two Chinese-American scientists who were wrongfully accused of being spies for China, only to have their charges dropped with no expla-nation. In fact, just this month, Sherry Chen was exonerated by a judge who said that her case was a case of gross miscarriage of justice. It is reckless to categorize an entire country of people as a threat to our na-tional security, and I reject these over-ly broad and dangerous attempts to build a case that all Chinese students and employees should be viewed with more suspicion in this country than others. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ). Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I thank Congressman M
IKE G
ALLAGHER for his military service and now service in Congress. I am grateful to speak in support of Congressman M
IKE GALLAGHER ’s amendment that would require the ex-ecutive branch to create a strategy to address the abuse of visa programs used to enter the United States to con-duct political activity and establish groups in support of the Chinese Com-munist Party. Organizations like the Confucius In-stitute and the Thousand Talents pro-gram are clear examples as to why Congressman GALLAGHER makes per-fect sense, and it is critical to our na-tional security. Confucius Institutes are currently active in 103 college cam-puses, despite Li Changchun, a member of the Chinese Communist Party’s Po-litburo Standing Committee, calling the institutes ‘‘an important part of China’s overseas propaganda setup.’’ Additionally, FBI Director Chris-topher Wray described the Confucius Institutes operating in the United States as exploiting the very open re-search and development environment we have, which we all revere, but they are taking advantage of it. Unfortunately, my amendment, co-sponsored by Congressman G
ALLAGHER  and Congresswoman V
ICKY HARTZLER , dealing with organizations like the Confucius Institutes was not ruled in order. It is critical that the whole-of- government China strategy include vulnerabilities within our academic community, and for this reason, I urge everyone to support Congressman G
AL-
LAGHER ’s amendment. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Chairman, with the few seconds that I have left, I would just say, to extend the football metaphor, perhaps to the point of ab-surdity, our defense doesn’t even get on the field. We keep drawing pick six after pick six; therefore, allowing in-tellectual property theft, which is the greatest transfer of wealth in human history, by the Chinese, which is what the Blair-Huntsman Commission laid out. So I look forward to working with my colleague on a more comprehensive approach, but in the meantime, I hope he will work with me on this. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ALLA -
GHER ). The amendment was agreed to. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 115–702 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: Amendment No. 8 by Mr. A
MODEI of Nevada. Amendment No. 10 by Mr. M
CGOVERN  of Massachusetts. Amendment No. 13 by Mr. M
CKINLEY  of West Virginia. Amendment No. 19 by Ms. T
ENNEY of New York. Amendment No. 43 by Mr. E
NGEL of New York. Amendment No. 50 by Mr. P
OLIS of Colorado. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . AMODEI  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. A
MODEI ) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.075 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4669 May 23, 2018 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 229, noes 183, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 223] AYES—229 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kihuen King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) NOES—183 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—15 
Beyer Brown (MD) Black Castor (FL) Delaney Donovan Higgins (LA) King (NY) Lewis (GA) Pearce Rogers (KY) Stivers Trott Walz Zeldin 
b1622 Mr. PASCRELL and Ms. LOFGREN changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Ms. CHENEY, Messrs. ROSKAM, COMER, WESTERMAN, and DUNCAN of South Carolina changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . MCGOVERN  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. H ULTGREN ). The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massa-chusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) on which fur-ther proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 408, noes 1, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 224] AYES—408 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.077 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4670 May 23, 2018 
Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NOES—1 
Dunn 
NOT VOTING—18 
Beyer Black Brown (MD) Castor (FL) Coffman Delaney Donovan Goodlatte Higgins (LA) King (NY) Lewis (GA) Mitchell Pearce Rogers (KY) Stivers Trott Walz Zeldin 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1627 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Chair, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 224. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Chair, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 224. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . MCKINLEY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 160, noes 252, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 225] AYES—160 
Adams Beatty Bera Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Correa Courtney Cramer Crist Crowley Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Deutch Dingell Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Hastings Huffman Hunter Jackson Lee Jayapal Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McNerney McSally Meng Mooney (WV) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Price (NC) Raskin Reed Richmond Rooney, Thomas J. Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Schakowsky Schiff Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Soto Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) 
NOES—252 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Biggs Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cleaver Coffman Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Crawford Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Demings Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Doggett Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foster Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kihuen Kind King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McEachin McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meeks Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Paulsen Payne Perry Peters Pittenger Polis Posey Quigley Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Speier Stewart Suozzi Taylor Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Turner Valadao Vargas Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) NOT VOTING—15 
Beyer Black Brown (MD) Castor (FL) Donovan Goodlatte Higgins (LA) King (NY) Lewis (GA) Pearce Rogers (KY) Stivers Trott Walz Zeldin 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1634 Messrs. LOEBSACK and BUTTERFIELD changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chair, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 224 and ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 225. 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MS . TENNEY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. T
ENNEY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.037 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4671 May 23, 2018 
The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 174, noes 239, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 226] AYES—174 
Adams Beatty Bera Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Burgess Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Correa Courtney Cramer Crist Crowley Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Deutch Dingell Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Harris Hastings Higgins (NY) Hoyer Huffman Hunter Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kildee Kilmer King (IA) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) LaMalfa Lamb Langevin Larson (CT) Lawson (FL) Levin Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meng Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Raskin Reed Richmond Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Schiff Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shuster Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Soto Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Yarmuth Young (AK) 
NOES—239 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beyer Biggs Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bost Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cleaver Coffman Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Crawford Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Demings Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Doggett Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Espaillat Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foster Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Hartzler Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kihuen Kind Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lee Lesko Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McEachin Meadows Meeks Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Paulsen Payne Perry Peters Pittenger Polis Quigley Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (WA) Smucker Speier Stewart Thompson (PA) Thornberry Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) NOT VOTING—14 
Black Brady (TX) Brown (MD) Castor (FL) Donovan Higgins (LA) King (NY) Lewis (GA) Pearce Rogers (KY) Stivers Trott Walz Zeldin 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1639 Mr. M
CCARTHY changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 225 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 226. 
AMENDMENT NO . 43 OFFERED BY MR . ENGEL  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 382, noes 30, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 227] AYES—382 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.083 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4672 May 23, 2018 
McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NOES—30 
Abraham Bacon Barletta Biggs Brady (TX) Byrne Comer Duffy Dunn Gaetz Gallagher Graves (GA) Handel Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Lesko Marino Marshall Massie McClintock Noem Roby Russell Sanford Scott, Austin Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Thompson (PA) Wenstrup 
NOT VOTING—15 
Black Brown (MD) Castor (FL) Donovan Higgins (LA) King (NY) Lewis (GA) Pearce Rogers (KY) Rokita Stivers Trott Walz Wilson (FL) Zeldin 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1643 Messrs. FRELINGHUYSEN and FER-GUSON changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 50 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 174, noes 239, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 228] AYES—174 
Adams Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Comer Connolly Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Lowenthal Lowey Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—239 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peters Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Swalwell (CA) Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) NOT VOTING—14 
Black Brown (MD) Castor (FL) Donovan Higgins (LA) Joyce (OH) King (NY) Lewis (GA) Pearce Rogers (KY) Stivers Trott Walz Zeldin 
b1649 Ms. TENNEY changed her vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
AR-
TER of Georgia) having assumed the chair, Mr. M
ARSHALL , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 5515) to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.033 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4673 May 23, 2018 
PERMISSION TO MODIFY AMEND-MENTS EN BLOC NO. 4 OFFERED BY MR. THORNBERRY OF TEXAS PURSUANT TO HOUSE RESOLU-TION 905 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that during further consideration of H.R. 5515 in the Committee of the Whole pursuant to House Resolution 908, the fourth set of amendments en bloc offered by my-self pursuant to section 3 of House Res-olution 905 be considered to have been adopted with the modification I have placed at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the modification. The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike amendment #69 printed in House Report 115–698. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The amendments en bloc are modified. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 908 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5515. Will the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. M
ARSHALL ) kindly resume the chair. b1653 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, with Mr. M
ARSHALL (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 50 printed in House Re-port 115–702 offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) had been disposed of. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 908, I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 2 consisting of amendment Nos. 31, 32, 61, 62, 63, 64, 65, 66, 67, 68, 69, 70, 71, 72, 73, 74, 75, and 76 printed in House Report 115–702, of-fered by Mr. T
HORNBERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . ROSS OF  
FLORIDA  At the end of title XI, add the following: 
SEC. 11ll. REPORTING REQUIREMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7131 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e)(1)(A) Not later than March 31 of each calendar year, the Office of Personnel Man-agement, in consultation with the Office of Management and Budget, shall submit to each House of Congress a report on the oper-ation of this section during the fiscal year last ending before the start of such calendar year. ‘‘(B) Not later than December 31 of each calendar year, each agency (as defined by section 7103(a)(3)) shall furnish to the Office of Personnel Management the information which such Office requires, with respect to such agency, for purposes of the report which is next due under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) Each report by the Office of Personnel Management under this subsection shall in-clude, with respect to the fiscal year de-scribed in paragraph (1)(A), at least the fol-lowing information: ‘‘(A) The total amount of official time granted to employees. ‘‘(B) The average amount of official time expended per bargaining unit employee. ‘‘(C) The specific types of activities or pur-poses for which official time was granted, and the impact which the granting of such official time for such activities or purposes had on agency operations. ‘‘(D) The total number of employees to whom official time was granted, and, of that total, the number who were not engaged in any activities or purposes except activities or purposes involving the use of official time. ‘‘(E) The total amount of compensation (including fringe benefits) afforded to em-ployees in connection with activities or pur-poses for which they were granted official time. ‘‘(F) The total amount of official time spent by employees representing Federal em-ployees who are not union members in mat-ters authorized by this chapter. ‘‘(G) A description of any room or space designated at the agency (or its subcompo-nent) where official time activities will be conducted, including the square footage of any such room or space. ‘‘(3) All information included in a report by the Office of Personnel Management under this subsection with respect to a fiscal year— ‘‘(A) shall be shown both agency-by-agency and for all agencies; and ‘‘(B) shall be accompanied by the cor-responding information (submitted by the Office in its report under this subsection) for the fiscal year before the fiscal year to which such report pertains, together with appro-priate comparisons and analyses. ‘‘(4) For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘official time’ means any period of time, regardless of agency nomenclature— ‘‘(A) which may be granted to an employee under this chapter (including a collective bargaining agreement entered into under this chapter) to perform representational or consultative functions; and ‘‘(B) during which the employee would oth-erwise be in a duty status.’’. (b) APPLICABILITY .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall be effective beginning with the report which, under the provisions of such amendment, is first required to be submitted by the Office of Personnel Man-agement to each House of Congress by a date which occurs at least 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 32 OFFERED BY MR . ZELDIN OF  
NEW YORK  In section 1225 (relating to strategy to counter destabilizing activities of Iran)— (1) redesignate subsection (c) as subsection (d); and (2) insert after subsection (b) the following new subsection: (c) UNITED STATES POLICY .—It shall be the policy of the United States to provide for-eign countries that are willing to materially assist United States efforts to counter Iran in the Middle East with support under the strategy authorized under subsection (a) in-cluding, as appropriate, with partner bene-fits commensurate with such support. 
AMENDMENT NO . 61 OFFERED BY MS . BLUNT  
ROCHESTER OF DELAWARE  At the end of subtitle G of title X of divi-sion A, add the following: 
SEC. lll. SENSE OF CONGRESS HONORING THE DOVER AIR FORCE BASE, DELA-WARE, HOME TO THE 436TH AIRLIFT WING, THE 512TH AIRLIFT WING, AND THE CHARLES C. CARSON CEN-TER FOR MORTUARY AFFAIRS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress find the following: (1) The Dover Air Force Base is home more than 4,000 active-duty military and civilian employees tasked with defending the United States of America. (2) The Dover Air Force Base supports the mission of the 436th Airlift Wing, known as ‘‘Eagle Wing’’ and the 512th Airlift Wing, known as Liberty Wing. (3) The ‘‘Eagle Wing’’ serves as a unit of the Eighteenth Air Force headquartered with the Air Mobility Command at Scott Air Force Base in Illinois. (4) The ‘‘Eagle Wing’’ flies hundreds of mis-sions throughout the world and provides a quarter of the United States’ strategic airlift capability and boasts a global reach to over 100 countries around the world. (5) The Dover Air Force Base houses in-credible aircrafts utilized by the United States Air Force, including the C-5M Super Galaxy and C-17A Globemaster III aircraft. (6) The Dover Air Force Base operates the largest and busiest air freight terminal in the Department of Defense, fulfilling an im-portant role in our Nation’s military. (7) The Air Mobility Command Museum is located on the Dover Air Force base and wel-comes thousands of visitors each year to learn more about the United States Air Force. (8) The Charles C. Carson Center for Mor-tuary Affairs fulfills our Nation’s sacred commitment of ensuring dignity, honor and respect to the fallen and care service and support to their families. (9) The mortuary mission at Dover Air Force Base dates back to 1955 and is the only Department of Defense mortuary in the con-tinental United States. (10) Service members who serve at the Cen-ter for Mortuary Affairs are often so moved by their work that they voluntarily elect to serve multiple tours because they feel called to serve our fallen heroes. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress— (1) honors and expresses sincerest grati-tude to the women and men of the Dover Air Force Base for their distinguished service; (2) acknowledges the incredible sacrifice and service of the families of active duty members of the United States military; (3) encourages the people of the United States to keep in their thoughts and their prayers the women and men of the United States Armed Forces; and (4) recognizes the incredibly unique and important work of the Air Force Mortuary Affairs Operations and the role they play in honoring our fallen heroes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 62 OFFERED BY MR . 
FITZPATRICK OF PENNSYLVANIA  At the end of subtitle B of title II, add the following new section: 
SEC. 2ll. PROCESS FOR COORDINATION OF STUDIES AND ANALYSIS RESEARCH OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
The Secretary of Defense shall implement a Department of Defense-wide process under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.089 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4674 May 23, 2018 
which the heads of the military departments and Defense Agencies responsible for man-aging requests for studies and analysis re-search are required to coordinate annual re-search requests and ongoing research efforts to minimize duplication and reduce costs. 
AMENDMENT NO . 63 OFFERED BY MR . 
FITZPATRICK OF PENNSYLVANIA  Add at the end of subtitle C of title IX the following new section: 
SEC. 9ll. REVIEW OF FOREIGN CURRENCY EX-CHANGE RATES AND ANALYSIS OF FOREIGN CURRENCY FLUCTUA-TIONS APPROPRIATION. 
With respect to a contract for goods and services paid for with foreign currency, the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), in coordination with each Secretary of a mili-tary department, shall conduct a review of the exchange rate for such foreign currency used when making a disbursement pursuant to such a contract to determine whether cost-savings opportunities exist by more consistently selecting cost-effective rates. Such review shall include an analysis of real-ized and projected losses to determine the necessary balance of the appropriation ‘‘For-eign Currency Fluctuations, Defense’’. The Secretary of Defense may use the results of such analysis to determine the amount of any transfers to the appropriation ‘‘Foreign Currency Fluctuations, Defense’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 64 OFFERED BY MR . 
FITZPATRICK OF PENNSYLVANIA  Page 124, after line 2, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 528. COMPLETION OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE DIRECTIVE 2310.07E REGARD-ING MISSING PERSONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall make the completion of Department of Defense Directive 2310.07E a top priority in order to improve the efficiency of locating missing persons. (b) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘missing person’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1513 of title 10, United States Code. 
AMENDMENT NO . 65 OFFERED BY MR . POE OF  
TEXAS  At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS. 
(a) I MPOSITION OF SANCTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning on the date that is 90 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the President shall impose the sanctions described in paragraph (2) with respect to As-Saib Ahl al-Haq and Harakat Hizballah al-Nujaba and foreign persons that are officials, agents, affiliates of, or owned or controlled by As-Saib Ahl al-Haq or Harakat Hizballah al-Nujaba, as the case may be. (2) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .—The sanctions described in this paragraph are sanctions ap-plicable with respect to a foreign person pur-suant to Executive Order 13224 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property and pro-hibiting transactions with persons who com-mit, threaten to commit, or support ter-rorism). (3) E
XCEPTION .—The authorities and re-quirements to impose sanctions under this section shall not include the authority or re-quirement to impose sanctions on the impor-tation of goods (as such term is defined in section 16 of the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4618) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.))). (b) A
DDITIONAL REPORTING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall transmit to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on For-eign Relations of Senate a report that in-cludes a detailed list of global entities with respect to which there is a reasonable basis to determine that Iran’s Islamic Revolu-tionary Guard Corps has an ownership inter-est in such entity of not less than 33 percent. (2) FORM.—The report required under para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. 
AMENDMENT NO . 66 OFFERED BY MR . CARBAJAL  
OF CALIFORNIA  At the end of subtitle I of title V, add the following new section: 
SEC. 5ll. USE OF MOBILE APPLICATIONS FOR TRAINING MANUALS. 
The Secretary of Defense shall encourage the military departments to transition training manuals, emergency guidance, and other publications needed to train members of the Armed Forces to applications on mo-bile telephones that use innovative tech-nologies and provide for interaction between trainees and information needed to complete training in a manner that is cost efficient. 
AMENDMENT NO . 67 OFFERED BY MR . LANCE OF  
NEW JERSEY  Page 175, after line 17, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 573. AWARD OF MEDALS OR OTHER COM-MENDATIONS TO HANDLERS OF MILITARY WORKING DOGS AND MILI-TARY WORKING DOGS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Guardians of America’s Free-dom Medal Act’’. (b) A
WARD OF MEDALS OR OTHER COM-
MENDATIONS TO HANDLERS OF MILITARY  W
ORKING DOGS AND MILITARY WORKING  D
OGS.— (1) P
ROGRAM OF AWARD REQUIRED .—Each Secretary of a military department shall carry out a program to provide for the award of one or more medals or other commenda-tions to handlers of military working dogs, and to military working dogs, under the ju-risdiction of such Secretary to recognize valor or meritorious achievement by such handlers and dogs. (2) M
EDAL AND COMMENDATIONS .—Any medal or commendation awarded pursuant to a program under paragraph (1) shall be of such design, and include such elements, as the Secretary of the military department concerned shall specify. (3) R
EGULATIONS .—Medals and commenda-tions shall be awarded under programs under paragraph (1) in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense for purposes of this section. 
AMENDMENT NO . 68 OFFERED BY MR . FOSTER OF  
ILLINOIS  At the end of subtitle B of title XXXI, add the following new section: 
SEC. 31ll. NUCLEAR FORENSICS ANALYSES. 
(a) I NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall seek to enter into an agreement with the Na-tional Academy of Sciences for an inde-pendent assessment of nuclear forensic anal-yses conducted by the Federal Government. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment conducted by the National Academy of Sciences shall, at minimum, include the following: (1) An assessment of a representative sam-ple of nuclear forensic analyses from across the Federal departments and agencies, with particular emphasis on the validity, quality, value, cost effectiveness, gaps, and timeli-ness of such analyses. (2) An assessment of the methodologies used by nuclear forensics analyses from across the Federal departments and agen-cies, including the scientific rigor of such methodologies. (3) Recommendations for improving nu-clear forensics analyses conducted by the Federal Government, including any best practices or lessons learned that should be shared across the Federal departments and agencies. (c) SUBMISSION .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port containing the assessment of the Na-tional Academy of Sciences under subsection (a). (d) B
RIEFING ON SENIOR -LEVEL INVOLVE -
MENT IN EXERCISES .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall provide to the appro-priate congressional committees a briefing on the involvement of senior-level executive branch leadership in recent and planned nu-clear terrorism preparedness or response ex-ercises, or any other exercise that have nu-clear forensic analysis as a component of the exercise. (e) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernment Affairs of the Senate. 
AMENDMENT NO . 69 OFFERED BY MR . CA´RDENAS  
OF CALIFORNIA  At the end of subtitle C of title VII, insert the following: 
SEC. llll. PILOT PROGRAM ON MINDFULNESS- BASED STRESS REDUCTION IN PRE- DEPLOYMENT TRAINING. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .—The Secretary of De-fense, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security with respect to the Coast Guard when it is not operating as a service in the Navy, shall carry out a pilot program under which the Secretary provides mindful-ness-based stress reduction training to mem-bers of the Armed Forces before their deploy-ment to a combat theater of operations. (b) S
TUDY AND REPORT .—The Secretary of Defense shall study and submit to Congress a report on the effectiveness of training under the pilot program, including the effect of the training on— (1) managing stress; and (2) preventing post-traumatic stress dis-order. 
AMENDMENT NO . 70 OFFERED BY MS . MENG OF  
NEW YORK  At the end of subtitle I of title V, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. ADDRESSING ATTRITION LEVELS OF WOMEN IN THE MILITARY. 
Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall develop and carry out an exit sur-vey to be completed by members of the Armed Forces to assist the Secretary to as-sess the reasons that attrition levels for women are higher than for men at various career points. 
AMENDMENT NO . 71 OFFERED BY MS . MENG OF  
NEW YORK  At the end of subtitle B of title II, add the following new section: 
SEC. 2ll. JET NOISE REDUCTION PROGRAM OF THE NAVY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Navy, acting through the Director of the Of-fice of Naval Research, may carry out a jet noise reduction program to study the physics of, and reduce, jet noise produced by high- performance military aircraft. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.041 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4675 May 23, 2018 
(b) E LEMENTS .—In carrying out the pro-gram under subsection (a), the Secretary may— (1) identify material and non-material so-lutions to reduce jet noise; (2) develop and transition such solutions to the fleet; (3) communicate relevant discoveries to the civilian aviation community; and (4) support the development of theoretical noise models, computational prediction tools, noise control strategies, diagnostic tools, and enhanced source localization. 
AMENDMENT NO . 72 OFFERED BY MS . MENG OF  
NEW YORK  Page 433, line 2, insert ‘‘oversight,’’ before ‘‘and sustainment of’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 73 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
WASHINGTON  At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12ll. REPORT ON DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE MISSIONS, OPERATIONS, AND ACTIVITIES IN NIGER AND THE BROADER REGION. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation as appropriate with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Re-lations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives a report on the missions, operations, and activities of the Department in Niger and the broader region that includes the fol-lowing: (A) A description of the objectives and the associated lines of efforts of the Department in Niger and the broader region, and the benchmarks for assessing progress toward such objectives. (B) A description of the timeline for achieving such objectives in Niger and the broader region. (C) A justification of the relevance of such objectives in Niger and the broader region to the national security of the United States and to the objectives in the National Defense Strategy. (D) A description of steps the Department is taking to ensure that security cooperation in Niger and the broader region is effectively coordinated with the diplomatic and devel-opment activities of the Department of State and the United States Agency for Inter-national Development. (E) A description of the legal, operational, and fiscal authorities relating to the lines of effort of the Department in Niger and the broader region. (F) An identification of measures to miti-gate operational risk to and increase the pre-paredness of members of the Armed Forces conducting missions, operations, or activi-ties in Niger or the broader region. (G) An assessment of the command and support relationships of United States Africa Command with subordinate component com-mands, including Special Operations Com-mand Africa. (H) An identification and description of each implemented recommendation from the Army Regulation 15-6 investigation report conducted by United States Africa Command regarding the deaths of four soldiers in Niger on October 4, 2017. (I) Any other matter the Secretary deter-mines to be appropriate. (2) S
COPE OF REPORT .—For purposes of the report required by paragraph (1), the term ‘‘broader region’’ includes Algeria, Libya, Chad, Cameroon, Nigeria, Benin, Burkina Faso, and Mali. (b) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-section (a)(1) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form but may contain a classified annex. AMENDMENT NO . 74 OFFERED BY MR . BERA OF  
CALIFORNIA  At the end of subtitle F of title V, add the following new section: 
SEC. 5ll. REPORT ON AVAILABILITY OF COL-LEGE CREDIT FOR SKILLS AC-QUIRED DURING MILITARY SERVICE. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense, in consultation with the Secretaries of Veterans Affairs, Education, and Labor, shall submit to Congress a report on the transfer of skills into equivalent college credits or technical certifications for mem-bers of the Armed Forces leaving the mili-tary. Such report shall describe each the fol-lowing: (1) Each skill that may be acquired during military service that is eligible for transfer into an equivalent college credit or technical certification. (2) The academic level of the equivalent college credit or technical certification for which each such skill is eligible. (3) Each academic institution that awards an equivalent college credit or technical cer-tification for such skills, including— (A) whether each such academic institu-tion is public or private and whether such in-stitution is for profit; and (B) the number of veterans that applied to such academic institutions who were able to receive equivalent college credits or tech-nical certifications in the last fiscal year, and the academic level of the credits or cer-tifications. (4) The number of members of the Armed Forces who left the military in the last fiscal year and the number of those individuals who met with an academic or technical training advisor as part of their participa-tion in the Transition Assistance Program. 
AMENDMENT NO . 75 OFFERED BY MR . MEADOWS  
OF NORTH CAROLINA  Page 874, insert after line 6 the following: 
SEC. 2815. PROMOTING RESPONSIBLE LEASING OF PROPERTY. 
(a) R EQUIRING CERTIFICATION BY SECRE -
TARIES OF MILITARY DEPARTMENTS PRIOR TO  E
NTERING INTO LEASES THAT PROPERTY  O
WNED BY UNITED STATES ISNOTAVAILABLE  
TOCARRY OUTPURPOSE OF LEASE .— (1) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENT IN REPORTS ON  
LEASES OF REAL PROPERTY .—Section 2662(a)(5)(B) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 2812 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1849), is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of clause (ii); (B) by striking the period at the end of clause (iii) and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iv) facilities in property under the juris-diction of the Department of Defense may not be reconfigured to support the purpose of the proposed lease in an appropriate and cost-effective manner.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE ; NOTICE OF COMPLI -
ANCE .— (A) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall apply with re-spect to leases entered into or renewed on or after the expiration of the 60-day period which begins on the date of the enactment of this Act. (B) R
EPORT ON STEPS TAKEN TO ENSURE FU -
TURE COMPLIANCE .—Upon the completion of any general steps necessary to ensure that the Department of Defense will be able to meet the requirements of subsection (a)(5) of section 2662 of title 10, United States Code (as amended by paragraph (1)) with respect to all leases entered into or renewed after the expiration of the period described in sub-paragraph (A), including the promulgation of any regulations or the issuance of other guidance, the Secretary of Defense shall sub-mit a one-time report to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives and Senate and shall post a copy of the report on the public website of the Depart-ment of Defense. (b) IMPROVING ACCURACY OF INFORMATION IN  R
EPORTS BY SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ON REAL P
ROPERTY LEASES .— (1) I
NFORMATION ON COSTS OF LEASES .—In preparing any inventory or report on real property leased by the Department of De-fense, including information on property in-cluded in a Base Structure Report and infor-mation in the Real Property Asset Database of the Department of Defense, the Secretary of Defense shall— (A) in the case of a lease which covers mul-tiple assets of the Department, provide a sep-arate breakdown of the rent and other costs (including parking) associated with each such asset; and (B) in the case of real property which is subject to multiple leases entered into by the Department, provide a separate break-down for each such lease and the costs asso-ciated with each such lease. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, or at the time of publishing the next Base Struc-ture Report prepared after the date of the enactment of this Act (whichever occurs ear-lier), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and Senate a re-port detailing the steps the Secretary has taken to ensure compliance with the require-ments of paragraph (1). (c) R
EVIEW BY GOVERNMENT ACCOUNT -
ABILITY OFFICE .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits the one-time report required under subparagraph (B) of subsection (a)(2), the Comptroller General of the United States shall prepare and submit to Congress a re-port on— (1) the extent to which the Department is in compliance with subsection (a)(5) of sec-tion 2662 of title 10, United States Code (as amended by subsection (a)(1)), including the regulations and guidance promulgated and issued by the Secretary to ensure compliance with such subsection, as of the date on which the Secretary submits the report; and (2) the extent to which the Secretary is in-cluding the information required under sub-section (b) in inventories and reports on real property leased by the Department, as of the date on which the Secretary submits the re-port. 
AMENDMENT NO . 76 OFFERED BY MR . SCHIFF OF  
CALIFORNIA  Add at the end of subtitle C of title XII the following: 
SEC. 12ll. REPORT ON UNITED STATES STRIKES AGAINST SYRIA. 
Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate a report providing a detailed explanation of the legal basis under both do-mestic and international law for the strikes conducted by the United States against Syr-ian regime targets on April 6, 2017, and April 13, 2018, including a detailed legal analysis of relevant authorities and precedents. Such re-port shall be unclassified, but may include a classified annex. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 908, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH) each will control 10 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.041 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4676 May 23, 2018 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ). Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee as well as the House Judiciary Committee for working with me and the Armed Serv-ices Committee to include an impor-tant amendment in this bill that will expand DOD’s ability to interdict drones that pose a threat to certain military installations. My amendment adds mobility airlift to the list of mission sets permitted to use counter-drone technology. If a drone were to attack the mobility mis-sion, it could mean a reduction in our ability to provide logistic support glob-ally to joint and coalition warfighters. Additionally, a drone attack on our mobility forces could prevent our ca-pacity to conduct global operations by severely limiting our ability to con-duct aerial refueling. This is a com-monsense proposal necessary to protect a critical aspect of our national de-fense. I am delighted it is included in an en bloc package, and I want to thank Rep-resentatives G
ARAMENDI , H ANABUSA , R
OSEN , and A USTIN SCOTT for cospon-soring this bipartisan amendment. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
IL-
SON). Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in strong support of amend-ment No. 73, requiring a report to rel-evant committees on the missions, op-erations, and activities of the Depart-ment of Defense in Niger and the broader region. I believe that key components of the amendment are necessary to obtain critical, tactical, operational, and stra-tegic improvements in U.S. Africa Command’s efforts to achieve stability and security in the region, and most importantly, keep our troops safer. As evidenced by the tragic deaths of the four soldiers who were ambushed by ISIS near Tongo Tongo, Niger, last October, improvements throughout the chain of command and military serv-ices are necessary, and DOD must pro-vide greater transparency and commu-nication with Congress regarding legal, operational, and funding authorities for military operations in Africa. The amendment requires DOD to specify its objectives in Niger and jus-tify their relevance to U.S. national se-curity. For the safety of our troops, the amendment also requires DOD to iden-tify measures to mitigate operational risk and increase the preparedness of members of the Armed Forces in Niger and the broader region. It will also mandate that DOD assess the command and support relationships of U.S. Africa Command with subordi-nate commands like Special Operations Command. This will help to ensure im-proved command and control through-out the chain of command, that the commander’s intent is clear, and that operational guidance is consistent and concise. Indeed, the tragic deaths of the four soldiers killed in action affected me personally in an overwhelming way. One of the four soldiers killed was a dear constituent of mine, Sergeant La David Johnson of Miami Gardens. Sergeant Johnson, who was killed while bravely defending our country, was 25 years of age. He left behind a lovely extended family, a beautiful wife, and three young children. He was a member of the 5000 Role Models of Excellence, and 50 members are vis-iting us here today. Mr. Chair, I am hopeful that with ac-tions currently being taken by the DOD, along with the prescriptive ele-ments of this amendment, our Nation will not have to suffer another tragic loss like we did last October. b1700 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ) for the purpose of a colloquy. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the chairman for this opportunity to discuss a matter of great interest and importance to the Tri-Cities community in my district. In the 1940s and 1950s, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers acquired land along the shoreline of the Columbia River in Tri-Cities, Washington. The land, 34 miles of the McNary shoreline, is cur-rently underutilized. The local commu-nities continue to be saddled with hun-dreds of thousands of dollars of M&O costs annually for upkeep of land of these shoreline properties that they don’t even own. I support the community proposal to convey the land back to the cities. I have been working with the chairman on proposed amendment language to do so but respect the fact the chairman has let me know there is still some work to be done. I continue to encourage further com-munity engagement and believe public meetings are necessary to ensure all voices are heard, including that of the local Tribes. It is also a requirement that the city governments fully understand the re-sponsibilities and potential costs that could arise from having this land con-veyed. There must be further coordination between conveyance proponents, com-munity stakeholders, city govern-ments, and the Army Corps. Mr. Chairman, you have raised con-cerns about the language in its current form and have urged further efforts. I am committed to continuing to work with the local communities to address these concerns. Therefore, Mr. Chairman, I respect-fully ask: Will you commit to con-tinuing to work with me as the NDAA process moves forward to try to ad-dress concerns with the proposal while the communities continue to assess their needs? Mr. THORNBERRY. Will the gen-tleman yield? Mr. NEWHOUSE. I yield to the gen-tleman from Texas. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for raising this issue. As the gentleman and I have dis-cussed, there are significant hurdles to legislating land transfers of the De-partment of Defense. Among the issues that must be addressed are: What and where is the property in question? Who is the intended recipient? Are there multiple parties who are also interested in acquiring this prop-erty? Are there ongoing legal proceedings related to the property? Are there cleanup costs and liabil-ities associated with the property? Have the interested parties met with the Department of Defense, and if so, with whom? Does the Department support con-veying the property, and do they have a continuing need for it? If supported, why can’t the Depart-ment dispose of the property through its surplus/excess process? What are the proposed reuses of the property? Are there any earmark issues—no- cost conveyances to private entities or for economic development can be sub-ject to points of order. Has CBO been consulted for any man-datory scoring implications? And, if outside committees have eq-uities, have they been consulted for ap-proval or concerns? I will be happy to continue working with the gentleman moving forward, but I would ask that he and any other Member looking at land transfers take these factors into account and give all relevant committees plenty of time and opportunity to vet their proposal. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank the chairman for that colloquy. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tlewoman from Delaware (Ms. B
LUNT  R
OCHESTER ). Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. Mr. Chair-man, first let me thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY and Ranking Member S
MITH for the time. I also want to thank both of them for including my amendment in the en bloc 2 amend-ment package. My amendment expresses this body’s strong support of the Dover Air Force Base in Delaware. The Dover Air Force Base is a pillar of our community in the First State and a pillar of the Air Force community at large. The Dover Air Force Base is home to the 436th and the 512th Air Lift Wings, representing over 4,000 Active-Duty military and civilians. The 436th was recently recognized with the Air Force Outstanding Unit Award. The award served as recognition of the exemplary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.091 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4677 May 23, 2018 
work of the entire unit led by Colonel Ethan Griffin who will, unfortunately, soon be leaving Dover. Along with supporting the missions of the two Air Lift Wings, Dover is also home to the Charles C. Carson Center for Mortuary Affairs and carries out the solemn obligation of caring for our fallen heroes. Mr. Chair, it is right and fitting that the United States Congress recognize and acknowledge the incredibly impor-tant work of the Dover Air Force Base, and I urge my colleagues to support this en bloc amendment package. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ). Mr. LANCE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the en bloc amendments and in support of the underlying bill. Passing this defense bill is one of the most important constitutional respon-sibilities of Congress. I commend Chairman T
HORNBERRY for his leader-ship, and I thank him for his support of my amendments. I was pleased to join with my bipar-tisan colleagues, Congressman M
I-
CHAEL BURGESS and Congresswoman B
ARBARA LEE, in offering an amend-ment auditing the Pentagon fully. This has been promised for many years, and I am pleased that it is in this bill. I thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY for including my bipartisan amendment that would officially create the first- ever Department of Defense com-mendation for military working dogs and their handlers. Nine military working dog handlers from the home State I represent, New Jersey, have been killed in action, and one of my constituents from Short Hills, New Jersey, was among these. Mr. Chairman, I think we should be voting on the en bloc amendments fa-vorably and also voting favorably for the underlying bill. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
ARBAJAL ), who is a member of the Armed Services Committee. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank Chairman T
HORN -
BERRY and Ranking Member S MITH for their bipartisan leadership, and the Armed Services Committee and the Rules Committee for bringing my amendment to the floor. My amendment is simple. It not only urges the Department of Defense to pursue more innovative measures to train servicemembers, but also to train them in a more cost-effective manner. This amendment urges DOD to tran-sition training manuals, emergency guidance, and other training publica-tions to applications on mobile tele-phones to enable interaction and im-prove and update the training experi-ence for servicemembers. It provides a cost-efficient mechanism for less print-ing and less distribution costs while making the materials more readily ac-cessible. The Air Force has already started utilizing such applications, and my amendment would urge the Secretary to utilize such technology throughout all the services. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentlewoman from New York (Ms. STEFANIK ), who is the chair of the Sub-committee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Chairman, I rise to express support for my amendment to create an independent national secu-rity commission on artificial intel-ligence. Mr. Chairman, this bill that I have introduced will direct a comprehensive and national-level review of advances in AI and machine learning and ensure these align with our national security needs. It will provide actionable rec-ommendations to the President and the Congress to more effectively organize the Federal Government when it comes to AI. Artificial intelligence is a constantly developing technology that will touch every aspect of our lives. The invest-ments we make and policies we estab-lish will provide the foundation of our national security and technological military advantage, but every day we run the risk of that edge being eroded. In order to preserve this, we must in-crease our research in public, private, and academic institutions, build and educate a talented workforce, embrace the technological advances that AI will provide, and lead the international community in establishing the laws and norms associated with imple-menting AI. This amendment makes advances in all of these areas. Mr. Chairman, I thank my ranking member, J
IMLANGEVIN of Rhode Is-land, for cosponsoring this amendment. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
A´RDENAS ). Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Chairman, first I would like to thank Chairman M
AC T
HORNBERRY and also Ranking Member A
DAM SMITH for their fine work on this and allowing me to bring my amend-ment to the floor. My mindfulness amendment would create a pilot program to train mem-bers of the Armed Forces in mindful-ness stress reduction techniques before deploying to combat zones. According to the VA, mindfulness practice has the potential to benefit in-dividuals with PTSD. Using mindful-ness to strengthen reaction to stress together with existing empirically sup-ported PTSD treatments may allow pa-tients to persevere through trauma processing. Rather than waiting to apply these treatments after the traumatic event, why not prepare our brave young men and women who are being sent into combat zones ahead of time? A prior study with the Marines sug-gested mindfulness training was bene-ficial for attention, working memory, as well as mood. My amendment would expand this training to all branches of the Armed Forces, including the Coast Guard. It would require a report on the success of this training with stress management and preventing PTSD. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to adopt this amendment. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I have no further speakers on this en bloc package, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ), who is the ranking member on the House Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of an amendment I joined with Ranking Member S
MITH to offer on Niger. Last October, four American service-members were killed in an ambush in Niger. We still don’t fully understand what happened. For some reason, the zeal for oversight seems to have dried up in the last 16 months. Here is what we do know: American personnel were in Niger for an advise- and-accompany mission, but sometime after these four heroes lost their lives, the administration said: Well, no, they actually fought under the 2001 war au-thorization. That is the post-9/11 AUMF. So four Americans are dead, and it turns out they have been fighting the war on terror one country after an-other. There are seemingly no limits, and we have a responsibility to do bet-ter. This is a scandal screaming out for congressional oversight—not just in this case, but in so many of the far- flung places where our military is en-gaged overseas. We need to stay focused on fighting terrorist organizations. But the law says Congress decides when and where we fight wars, and the administration appears to be losing track of what au-thorities it has and where it is using them. Mr. Chairman, I am glad to join Ranking Member S
MITH in offering this amendment that hopefully will shed light on our mission in the region. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. S
CHNEIDER ). Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague, Mr. S
MITH, for yielding. I rise today in support of my amend-ment to formally codify the Boots to Business program, and I want to thank my friend from Iowa, Congressman R
OD B
LUM, for his work on this amendment and on our bill, the Veterans Entrepre-neurship Training Act. As transitioning servicemembers enter civilian life, they bring adapt-ability and experience to excel as en-trepreneurs. However, they often lack business-specific skills or experience that can help bring their ideas to re-ality. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.092 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4678 May 23, 2018 
The Boots to Business program seeks to fill these gaps and helps prepare transitioning servicemembers, their spouses, and also veterans for chal-lenges starting their own small busi-ness. Participants take a 2-day, in-person course on business ownership, followed by an in-depth, 8-week online course that teaches them day-to-day skills they will need to run a successful small business, such as the fundamentals in developing a business plan and how to acquire financing. I am grateful my amendment is in-cluded in the NDAA, and I am hopeful we can continue to expand Boots to Business so that more servicemembers and veterans can start and grow their own small business. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, we have no further speak-ers. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendments en bloc, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I also yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROSS. Mr. Chair, I include in the R
ECORD the following editorial from my local paper, The Ledger, in reference to my amend-ment to H.R. 5515, the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, to provide taxpayers with greater transparency into ‘‘offi-cial time.’’ 
EDITORIAL : PERROSS, LET’S MAKE OFFICIALS  
REPORT ALL ‘OFFICIAL ’ TIME (The Editorial Board) Think unions and the stereotype that comes to mind is one of burly, thick-necked guys clad in hard hats, scuffed work boots and plenty of denim. Perhaps that image was fit in 1955, when the American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organiza-tions merged to form the AFL-CIO, Amer-ica’s largest organized labor group. At the time an estimated 35 percent of U.S. workers belonged to a union, and most often such workers drove trucks, assembled cars, built and wired buildings, or engaged in similar hands-dirtying work. Today, only 11 percent of workers are unionized, and frequently they wear a uni-form (such as police or firefighter), or work in an office or public school classroom. The Bureau of Labor Statistics reports that 34 percent of union workers toil for local, state, or federal government agencies—or roughly five times the number of those who drive trucks, assemble cars, build and wire build-ings, or engage in similar hands-dirtying work. Inevitably, these workers must tend to union business at the expense of their offi-cial duties in service to the public. U.S. Rep. Dennis Ross is particularly con-cerned about how such juggling among fed-eral civil servants taxpayers, and seeks to enlighten the public, and perhaps the rest of the U.S. government, about how taxpayers’ dimes are consumed by union time. Ross is eyeing a federal law that says man-agers must allot staffers time—known in government jargon as ‘‘official time’’—to perform union activities, insofar as it re-mains ‘‘consistent with the requirements of an effective and efficient government.’’ The federal Office of Personnel Manage-ment reported last month that most union workers who tap official time spend it lob-bying Congress about legislation that affects federal union employees (for instance, bills relate to federal pay and benefits); rep-resenting union employees who face dis-cipline or who filed grievances; and partici-pating in labor-management ‘‘workgroups.’’ Certain federal employees, under law, are paid to spend 100 percent of their time on union functions. Or some union reps estab-lish ‘‘banks’’ of paid time that they draw down in working just for the union. The OPM report found that between 2010 and 2016, the most recent year available, the hours spent on official time jumped nearly 17 percent, from 3.1 million hours to 3.61 million. In some cases, official time was negligible. The Federal Election Commission, for exam-ple, reported just six hours of official time in 2016. In other cases, it was considerable. The Defense Department recorded almost 387,000 hours of official time that year. The size, scope and mission of a particular agency will drive much of that. Still, in the aggregate, this is no small expense. The OPM notes that in 2016 official time cost tax-payers almost $175 million, up roughly 8 per-cent from 2014, the last time the survey was done. And the report doesn’t catch every-thing. The OPM said its report was limited to payroll costs because it lacks ‘‘com-prehensive data source’’ that would allow for ‘‘a complete accounting of the costs of union activities.’’ Thus, its analysis does not in-clude taxpayers’ costs for facilities, equip-ment and travel related to collective bar-gaining. The OPM knew, for example, that the So-cial Security Administration in 2016 spent $2.1 million on union reps’ travel, office space, telephones and supplies only because the agency was required to report that to its congressional oversight committee. Congressman Ross seeks to fix that. In May 2017, the Lakeland Republican, not-ing inconsistencies and lags in data-gath-ering on these costs, filed a bill that would require all federal agencies to provide Con-gress detailed annual reports of official time expenses. ‘‘With greater transparency, employees will be less likely to abuse the system, which will result in less waste of taxpayer dollars,’’ Ross said at the time ‘‘It is far past time we require agencies to provide this information to Congress and the public. Taxpayers de-serve clear, reliable data on how many em-ployees are performing union work on offi-cial time in lieu of their regularly assigned government duties.’’ He’s right. His bill passed the House, but unfortunately stalled in the Senate. Ross’ office told us Monday he will seek to have the measure added to the National Defense Authorization Act, the must-pass defense spending bill that the House will take up later this week. Ross will soon retire, but we encourage him to pursue this bill until he leaves. More-over, we urge the rest of Congress to heed his point. Congress owes taxpayers a full accounting of time spent by staffers promoting the per-sonal career interests of the nearly 1 million unionized federal workers, and how that squares with the commitment, under law, of providing ‘‘effective and efficient’’ govern-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 908, I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 3 consisting of amendment Nos. 77, 78, 79, 80, 81, 82, 83, 84, 85, 86, 87, 88, 89, 90, 91, and 92, printed in House Report Number 115– 702, offered by Mr. THORNBERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 77 OFFERED BY MR . HECK OF  
WASHINGTON  At the end of subtitle I of title V, add the following new section: 
SEC. 5ll. PROOF OF PERIOD OF MILITARY SERVICE FOR PURPOSES OF INTER-EST RATE LIMITATION UNDER THE SERVICEMEMBERS CIVIL RELIEF ACT. 
Section 207(b)(1) of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. 3937(b)(1)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) P
ROOF OF MILITARY SERVICE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of a servicemember’s termi-nation or release from military service, in order for an obligation or liability of the servicemember to be subject to the interest rate limitation in subsection (a), the service-member shall provide to the creditor written notice and a copy of— ‘‘(i) the military orders calling the service-member to military service and any orders further extending military service; or ‘‘(ii) any other appropriate indicator of military service, including a certified letter from a commanding officer. ‘‘(B) I
NDEPENDENT VERIFICATION BY CRED -
ITOR.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Regardless of whether a servicemember has provided to a creditor the written notice and documentation under sub-paragraph (A), the creditor may use, in lieu of such notice and documentation, informa-tion retrieved from the Defense Manpower Database Center through the creditor’s nor-mal business reviews of the Database Center for purposes of obtaining information indi-cating that the servicemember is on active duty. ‘‘(ii) S
AFE HARBOR .—A creditor that uses the information retrieved from the Defense Manpower Database Center under clause (i) with respect to a servicemember has not failed to treat the debt of the servicemember in accordance with subsection (a) if— ‘‘(I) such information indicates that, on the date the creditor retrieves such informa-tion, the servicemember is not on active duty; and ‘‘(II) the creditor has not, as of such date, received the written notice and documenta-tion required under subparagraph (A) with respect to the servicemember.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 78 OFFERED BY MS . ESTY OF  
CONNECTICUT  At the end of subtitle I of title V, add the following new section: 
SEC. lll. REPORT REGARDING POSSIBLE IM-PROVEMENTS TO PROCESSING RE-TIREMENTS AND MEDICAL DIS-CHARGES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, shall issue a report to the congressional de-fense committees and the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives regarding possible improve-ments to the transition of members of the Armed Forces to veteran status. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall address the following: (1) Feasibility of requiring members of the Armed Forces to apply for benefits adminis-tered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs before such members complete discharge from the Armed Forces. (2) Feasibility of requiring members of the Armed Forces to undergo compensation and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.094 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4679 May 23, 2018 
pension examinations (to be administered by the Secretary of Defense) for purposes of ob-taining benefits described in paragraph (1) before such members complete discharge from active duty in the Armed Forces. (3) Possible improvements to the timeli-ness of the process for transitioning mem-bers who undergo medical discharge to care provided by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs. 
AMENDMENT NO . 79 OFFERED BY MR . 
KRISHNAMOORTHI OF ILLINOIS  Page 162, after line 17, insert the following: (D) The number and percentage of individ-uals served by the pilot program who are em-ployed in a field that matches their skills and training. 
AMENDMENT NO . 80 OFFERED BY MS . GABBARD  
OF HAWAII  At the end of subtitle D of title III, insert the following: 
SEC. 3ll. REPORT ON PERSONAL PROTECTIVE EQUIPMENT REQUIREMENTS FOR CIVIL RESPONSE TEAMS TO VOL-CANIC ACTIVITY. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordina-tion with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, and the Director of the United States Geo-logical Survey, shall submit to Congress a report on personal protective equipment re-quirements for civil defense response teams to volcanic activity and civilian commu-nities in the vicinity of active volcanic ac-tivity, including protection against sulfur di-oxide gas. (b) T
RANSFER OF EQUIPMENT AUTHORIZED .— If the Secretary of Defense determines that the Department of Defense is in possession of excess personal protective equipment that is not needed for current and future planned operational requirements, the Secretary may transfer such excess equipment to State and local civil defense agencies upon request from the governor or equivalent official of a State. (c) D
EFINITION OF STATE .—In this section, the term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States of the United States, the District of Columbia, and any territory, commonwealth, or possession of the United States. 
AMENDMENT NO . 81 OFFERED BY MR . CRAWFORD  
OF ARKANSAS  The amendment as modified is as follows: Page 116, after line 2, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 515. PILOT PROGRAM FOR EOD-QUALIFIED MEMBERS OF THE ARMY NATIONAL GUARD TO SUPPORT CIVIL AU-THORITIES. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Sec- retary of the Army may carry out a pilot program under which EOD-qualified mem-bers of the Army National Guard may con-duct planning and immediate response de-fense support to civil authorities. (b) O
BJECTIVES .—The Secretary of the Army shall design a pilot program conducted under this section to determine the fol-lowing: (1) The feasibility and effectiveness of es-tablishing program described in subsection (a). (2) The merits of using EOD-qualified members of the Army National Guard on full-time National Guard duty versus such members on active duty for such a pilot pro-gram. (3) The need for legislative authority to conduct such a pilot program. (4) The costs to make such a pilot program permanent. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—In developing a pilot program under this section, the Secretary of the Army shall consult with the Com-manders of the United States Northern Com-mand and United States Pacific Command regarding— (1) defeating sustained bombings in the United States, including the territories and possessions; (2) plans for EOD defense support of des-ignated national special security events; (3) plans for EOD defense support of the na-tional response framework activities of the Departments of Justice and Homeland Secu-rity; (4) EOD immediate response for recovery of Department of Defense munitions off-instal-lation; and (5) EOD immediate response in support of civilian law enforcement agencies. (d) AUTHORITY FOR PAY AND ALLOWANCES .— The Secretary of Defense may, subject to ap-propriations, make funds available to fund pay, allowances, travel, training, operations, and maintenance costs for members of the Army National Guard who participate in the pilot program. (e) C
OMMENCEMENT ; DURATION .—The Sec- retary of the Army may commence a pilot program under this section on or after Janu-ary 1, 2019. All activities under such a pilot program shall terminate no later than De-cember 31, 2023. (f) R
EPORT .—If the Secretary of the Army carries out a pilot program under this sec-tion, the Secretary shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report con-taining an evaluation of the pilot program, including determinations described in sub-section (b), not later than January 1, 2021. (g) EOD D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘EOD’’ means explosive ordnance dis-posal. 
AMENDMENT NO . 82 OFFERED BY MR . CRAWFORD  
OF ARKANSAS  At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the following: 
SEC. lll. EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL DE-FENSE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 136 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 851, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 2284. EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL DE-FENSE PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of De-fense shall carry out a program to be known as the ‘Explosive Ordnance Disposal Defense Program’ (in this section referred to as the ‘Program’) under which the Secretary shall ensure close and continuous coordination be-tween military departments on matters re-lating to explosive ordnance disposal support for commanders of geographic and functional combatant commands. ‘‘(b) R
OLES, R ESPONSIBILITIES , AND AU-
THORITIES .—The plan under subsection (a) shall include provisions under which— ‘‘(1) the Secretary of Defense shall— ‘‘(A) assign the responsibility for the direc-tion, coordination, integration of the explo-sive ordnance disposal defense program with-in the Department of Defense; ‘‘(B) designate the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Nuclear, Chemical, Biological Defense Programs as the key individual for the explosive ordnance disposal defense pro-gram that develops and oversees policy, plans, programs and budgets, and issues guidance and provides direction on Depart-ment of Defense explosive ordnance disposal activities; ‘‘(C) designate the Secretary of the Navy, or a designee of the Secretary’s choice, as the executive agent for the Department of Defense that provides oversight of the joint program executive officer whom coordinates and integrates joint requirements for explo-sive ordnance disposal and carries out joint research, development, test and evaluation and procurement activities on behalf of the military departments and combatant com-mands with respect to explosive ordnance disposal; ‘‘(D) designate the Director of the Defense Threat Reduction Agency as the responsible combat support agency that will exercise fund management responsibility of the De-partment of Defense-Wide Program Element for explosive ordnance disposal research, de-velopment, test and evaluation, transactions other than contracts, cooperative agree-ments, and grants related to section 2371 of title 10 during research projects including rapid prototyping and limited procurement urgent activities, and acquisition; ‘‘(E) designate an Army explosive ordnance disposal-qualified general officer as the re-sponsible senior leader of the Defense Threat Reduction Agency’s Joint Improvised-Threat Defeat Organization that serves as the Chair-man of the Department of Defense explosive ordnance disposal defense program board, ‘‘(2) the Secretary of each military depart-ment shall assess the needs of the military department concerned with respect to explo-sive ordnance disposal and may carry out re-search, development, test and evaluation ac-tivities, including other transactions and procurement activities to address military department unique needs such as weapon systems, manned and unmanned vehicles and platforms, cyber and communication equip-ment and the integration of explosive ord-nance disposal sets, kits and outfits and de-partment’s developed explosive ordnance dis-posal tools, equipment, sets, kits and outfits. ‘‘(c) ANNUAL BUDGET JUSTIFICATION DOCU-
MENTS .— ‘‘(1) For fiscal year 2021 and each fiscal year thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress with the defense budget materials a consolidated budget jus-tification display, in classified and unclassi-fied form, that includes all of activities of the Department of Defense relating to the Program. ‘‘(2) The budget display under paragraph (1) for a fiscal year shall include a single pro-gram element for each of the following: ‘‘(A) Civilian and military pay. ‘‘(B) Research, development, test, and eval-uation. ‘‘(C) Procurement. ‘‘(D) Other transaction agreements. ‘‘(E) Military construction. ‘‘(3) The budget display shall include fund-ing data for each of the military depart-ment’s respective activities related to explo-sive ordnance disposal, including— ‘‘(A) operations and maintenance; and ‘‘(B) overseas contingency operations. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘explosive ordnance’ means any munitions containing explosives, nu-clear fission or fusion materials, or biologi-cal or chemical agents, including— ‘‘(A) bombs and warheads; ‘‘(B) guided and ballistic missiles; ‘‘(C) artillery, mortar, rocket, and small arms munitions; ‘‘(D) mines, torpedoes, and depth charges; ‘‘(E) demolition charges; ‘‘(F) pyrotechnics; ‘‘(G) clusters and dispensers; ‘‘(H) cartridge and propellant actuated de-vices; ‘‘(I) electro-explosives devices; ‘‘(J) clandestine and improvised explosive devices, including improvised nuclear, chem-ical and biological devices; and ‘‘(K) similar or related items or compo-nents explosive in nature. ‘‘(2) The term ‘disposal’ means, with re-spect to explosive ordnance, the assessment, sampling, detection, identification, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.047 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4680 May 23, 2018 
verification, field evaluation, defeat, disable-ment, neutralization, or rendering-safe, war- head packaging, recovery, exploitation, and final disposition of ordnance.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter, as amended by section 851, is further amended by adding at end the following new section: ‘‘2284. Explosive Ordnance Disposal Defense Program.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 83 OFFERED BY MR . CASTRO OF  
TEXAS  At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12l. HUMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE AND DIS-ASTER RELIEF EXERCISES CON-DUCTED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE IN THE INDO-PACIFIC RE-GION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The Indo-Pacific region is home to over 60 percent of the world’s population and is prone to natural disasters particularly due to its proximity to a geological vulnerable region. (2) The multilateral Pacific Partnership exercise, first conducted in 2006 in response to the humanitarian and disaster relief oper-ations for the December 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami, involved the par-ticipation of 22 partner nations to improve the ability of each country to conduct hu-manitarian assistance and disaster relief ef-forts. (3) The Pacific Partnership is the largest annual multilateral disaster preparedness mission conducted in the Indo-Pacific re-gion. (4) The United States Agency for Inter-national Development, including through its Office of Foreign Disaster Assistance, leads and coordinates United States humanitarian efforts in foreign countries and often part-ners with the Department of Defense in re-sponding to disasters. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Pacific Partnership, a civic and hu-manitarian mission which the United States Navy’s Pacific Fleet, in conjunction with partner nations, nongovernmental organiza-tions, and other United States and inter-national governmental agencies conducts to strengthen alliances, improves United States and partner capacity to deliver humani-tarian assistance and disaster relief and im-proves security cooperation among the part-ner nations in the Indo-Pacific region; (2) the Department of Defense should con-tinue to play a role in response to requests for support in international humanitarian assistance and disaster response drawing on its unique capabilities, manpower, and for-ward-deployed resources; and (3) the Secretary of Defense should assess the United States force posture in the Indo- Pacific region for future Pacific Partner-ships and work to expand engagements in the entirety of the Indo-Pacific region if ap-propriate and if applicable renaming the pro-gram as the ‘‘Indo-Pacific Partnership’’. (c) B
RIEFING .—Not later than the end of the first full fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees a briefing on the following: (1) A description of humanitarian assist-ance and disaster relief exercises conducted by the Department of Defense in the Indo- Pacific region in the previous year that also identifies the partner countries and mili-taries involved in any such operations and exercises. (2) A description of any planned humani-tarian assistance and disaster relief exer-cises for the following fiscal year in the Indo-Pacific region. (3) A description of any constraints on the ability of the Department of Defense to con-duct humanitarian assistance and disaster relief exercises, including in resources. (4) A description of any efforts undertaken by the Secretary of Defense to ease oper-ational burdens on the Armed Forces of the United States to participate in humanitarian assistance or disaster relief exercises, such as the pre-positioning of equipment, inclu-sion of additional partners, and inclusion of exercises that may ordinarily be conducted independently of any humanitarian assist-ance operation or exercise. (d) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COM-
MITTEE DEFINED .—In subsection (c), the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 84 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  At the end of subtitle B of title III, insert the following: 
SEC. 3ll. JOINT STUDY ON THE IMPACT OF WIND FARMS ON WEATHER RADARS AND MILITARY OPERATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall enter into an arrangement with the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion to conduct a study on the impact wind farms have on weather radars and subse-quently Department of Defense operations and readiness. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The study required pursu-ant to subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: (1) The potential impacts of wind farms on NEXRAD radars and other Federal radars used by the Department of Defense, the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, and the National Weather Service for weather forecasts and warnings. (2) The subsequent impacts of wind farms on Department of Defense aviation readi-ness, including— (A) Department of Defense air traffic con-trol radars; (B) minimum vectoring altitudes, in par-ticular around military flight training bases; (C) air-to-ground drop zones; (D) air-to-ground bombing and test ranges; (E) military operating areas that extend to the surface; (F) military training routes; (G) over-the-horizon radars; and (H) Department of Defense weather radars. (3) Examples of when interference from the wind farms has affected the ability of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Adminis-tration to forecast or warn for dangerous weather. (4) Recommendations to reduce, mitigate, or eliminate the potential impacts. (5) An analysis of the distance that wind turbines need to be away from the radars to ensure no impact. (6) Recommendations for addressing the impacts to NEXRADs and weather radar due to increasing turbine heights. (7) Recommendations to reduce or elimi-nate impacts of existing wind turbines, in-cluding those projects that are being repow-ered by developers to increase turbine heights. (8) Recommendations to ensure wind farms do not impact the ability of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the National Weather Service to warn or forecast hazardous weather. (9) The cumulative impacts of multiple wind farms near a single radar on the ability of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration and the National Weather Serv-ice to warn or forecast hazardous weather. (10) Recommendations to reduce or elimi-nate the cumulative impacts of multiple wind farms. (11) An analysis of whether certain wind turbine projects, based on project layout, turbine orientation, number of turbines, den-sity of turbines, proximity to radar, or tur-bine height result in greater impacts to the missions of Department of Defense, the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, and the National Weather Service, and if so, how can those projects be better cited to reduce or eliminate NEXRAD impacts. (c) SUBMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 12 months after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the study conducted pursuant to subsection (a). 
AMENDMENT NO . 85 OFFERED BY MR . BEN RAY  
LUJA´N OF NEW MEXICO  At the end of subtitle B of title XXXI, add the following new section: 
SEC. 31ll. INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF PLU-TONIUM STRATEGY. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is the policy of the United States that— (1) Los Alamos National Laboratory is the Plutonium Science and Production Center of Excellence for the United States; and (2) Los Alamos National Laboratory will produce a minimum of 30 pits per year for the national pit production mission and will implement surge efforts to exceed 30 pits per year to meet Nuclear Posture Review and national policy. (b) I
NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into a contract with a federally funded re-search and development center to conduct an assessment of the plutonium strategy of the National Nuclear Security Administration. The assessment shall include— (A) an analysis of the engineering assess-ment and an analysis of alternatives; (B) an assessment of the science and strat-egy of retrofitting the facility for plutonium production, including the cost, schedule, and feasibility of licensing; and (C) an assessment of the strategy consid-ered for manufacturing up to 80 pits per year at Los Alamos through the use of multiple labor shifts and additional equipment at PF- 4 until modular facilities are completed to provide a long-term, single-labor shift capac-ity. (2) S
ELECTION .—The Secretary may not enter into the contract under paragraph (1) with a federally funded research and develop-ment center for which the Department of En-ergy or the National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration is the primary sponsor. (3) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than April 1, 2019, the federally funded research and devel-opment center shall submit to the Secretary of Defense, the Administrator for Nuclear Security, and the Nuclear Weapons Council a report containing the assessment conducted under paragraph (1). (4) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than April 15, 2019, the Administrator shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees the report under paragraph (3), without change. (c) R
EPORT ON PITPRODUCTION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report on the plan for producing pluto-nium pits 31–80 at Los Alamos, in case the MOX facility is not operational and pro-ducing pits by 2030. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.047 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4681 May 23, 2018 
(d) C APITAL DEVELOPMENT .—The Secretary of Energy shall complete— (1) by December 2020 a plan, including cost and impact to on-going activities and oper-ations, to reach 30 pits per year at Los Ala-mos National Laboratory; and (2) by September 2020 an updated CD-0 (Statement of Mission Need) on the final plan for the national pit production. (e) B
RIEFING .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Chairman of the Nuclear Weapons Coun-cil and the Administrator for Nuclear Secu-rity shall jointly provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate, and to any other congressional defense committee upon request, a briefing detailing the implementa-tion plan for the plutonium strategy of the National Nuclear Security Administration, including milestones, accountable personnel for such milestones, and mechanisms for en-suring transparency into the progress of such strategy for the Department of Defense and the congressional defense committees. (f) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION .—Not later than April 1, 2019, and each year thereafter through 2025, the Chairman of the Nuclear Weapons Council shall submit to the Sec-retary of Defense, the Administrator for Nu-clear Security, and the congressional defense committees a written certification that the plutonium pit production plan of the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration is on track to meet— (1) the military requirement of 80 pits per year by 2030; (2) the statutory requirements for pit pro-duction timelines under section 4219 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2538a); and (3) all milestones and deliverables de-scribed in the plan under subsection (e). (g) F
AILURE TO CERTIFY .— (1) NWC 
NOTIFICATION .—If in any year the Chairman is unable to submit the certifi-cation under subsection (f), the Chairman shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Secretary of Defense, and the Administrator written notification de-scribing why the Chairman is unable to make such certification. (2) NNSA 
RESPONSE .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Chairman makes a notification under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees, the Sec-retary, and the Chairman a report that— (A) addresses the reasons identified in the notification with respect to the failure to make the certification under subsection (f); and (B) includes presentation of either a con-current backup plan or a recovery plan, and the associated implementation schedules for such plan. 
AMENDMENT NO . 86 OFFERED BY MR . BIGGS OF  
ARIZONA  At the end of subtitle A of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12ll. REPORT ON ALLIED CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE COMMON DEFENSE. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) in recognition of the growth in the eco-nomic and military strength of United States allies which has occurred since the commencement of applicable treaties or other mutual security arrangements— (A) the burdens of mutual defense now as-sumed by some countries allied with the United States are not commensurate with their economic resources or security envi-ronments; (B) many United States allies have failed to consistently meet their commitments and responsibilities; (C) progress towards developing the nec-essary self-defense capabilities to fulfill commitments and contribute to the common defense has been disappointing at times; and (D) the continued unwillingness of certain allied countries to increase their contribu-tions to the common defense to more appro-priate levels will endanger the vitality, ef-fectiveness, and cohesion of the alliances and partnerships between those countries and the United States and increase risks to shared peace and prosperity; and (2) the President should seek from each ally or partner country of the United States acceptance of international security respon-sibilities and agreements to make contribu-tions to the common defense that are com-mensurate with the economic resources and security environment of such country, in-cluding, when appropriate, an increase in host nation support. (b) REPORT ON CONTRIBUTIONS BY ALLIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 16 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 387. Report on annual defense spending by ally and partner countries. ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2019, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives a report that includes a description of— ‘‘(1) the annual defense spending of each mutual defense treaty ally and major non- NATO ally, including the nominal budget figure and the share of such spending as a percentage of the ally’s gross domestic prod-uct, for the fiscal year immediately pre-ceding the fiscal year in which the report is submitted; ‘‘(2) the activities of each such ally in con-tributing to military or stability operations in which the armed forces participate; ‘‘(3) any limitations that each such ally places on the use of the armed forces of such ally for such military or stability oper-ations; and ‘‘(4) any actions undertaken by the United States or other countries to minimize or modify such limitations. ‘‘(b) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) M
UTUAL DEFENSE TREATY ALLY .—The term ‘mutual defense treaty ally’ means a country that is a party to a treaty of mutual defense with the United States. ‘‘(2) M
AJOR NON -NATO ALLY .—The term ‘major non-NATO ally’ means a country so designated pursuant to section 2350a or sec-tion 517 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 16 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 386 the following new item: ‘‘387. Report on annual defense spending by ally and partner countries.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 87 OFFERED BY MS . MCSALLY  
OF ARIZONA  At the end of subtitle H of title V, insert the following: 
SEC. 573 AUTHORIZATION FOR AWARD OF DIS-TINGUISHED-SERVICE CROSS TO JUSTIN T. GALLEGOS FOR ACTS OF VALOR DURING OPERATION ENDUR-ING FREEDOM. 
(a) W AIVER OF TIME LIMITATIONS .—Not- withstanding the time limitations specified in section 3744 of title 10, United States Code, or any other time limitations with re-spect to the awarding of certain medals to persons who served in the Armed Forces, the Secretary of the Army may award the Dis-tinguished-Service Cross under section 3742 of such title to Justin T. Gallegos for the acts of valor described in subsection (b). (b) ACTS OF VALOR DESCRIBED .—The acts of valor referred to in subsection (a) are the ac-tions of Justin T. Gallegos on October 3, 2009, as a member of the Army in the grade of Staff Sergeant, serving in Afghanistan with the 61st Cavalry Regiment, 4th Brigade Com-bat Team, 4th Infantry Division. 
AMENDMENT NO . 88 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE OF TEXAS  At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12ll. BRIEFING ON DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE PROGRAM TO PROTECT UNITED STATES STUDENTS AGAINST FOREIGN AGENTS. 
Not later than 240 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide a briefing to the con-gressional defense committees on the pro-gram described in section 1277 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), including an assessment on whether the program is bene-ficial to students interning, working part time, or in a program that will result in em-ployment post-graduation with Department of Defense components and contractors. 
AMENDMENT NO . 89 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE OF TEXAS  Page 543, insert after line 5 the following: 
SEC. 1086. REPORT ON CAPACITY OF DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE TO PROVIDE SURVIVORS OF NATURAL DISASTERS WITH EMERGENCY SHORT-TERM HOUSING. 
Not later than 220 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report analyzing the ca-pacity of the Department of Defense to pro-vide survivors of natural disasters with emergency short-term housing. 
AMENDMENT NO . 90 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE OF TEXAS  At the end of subtitle A of title XVI, add the following new section: 
SEC. 16ll. REPORT ON SPACE DEBRIS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 240 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port on the risks posed by man-made space debris in low-earth orbit, including— (1) recommendations with respect to the remediation of such risks; and (2) outlines of plans to reduce the incident of such space debris. (b) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
AMENDMENT NO . 91 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE OF TEXAS  At the end of subtitle A of title V, add the following: 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON RATE OF MATERNAL MORTALITY AMONG MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, and with respect to members of the Coast Guard, the Secretary of the Depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating when it is not operating as a service in the Navy, shall submit to Congress a report on the rate of maternal mortality among mem-bers of the Armed Forces and the dependents of such members. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.047 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4682 May 23, 2018 
AMENDMENT NO . 92 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE OF TEXAS  Page 468, line 14, strike ‘‘in’’ and insert ‘‘, opportunities, and risks related to’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 908, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I have no speakers on this set of amend-ments en bloc. Mr. Chairman, I urge its adoption, and I yield back the balance of my time. b1715 Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I, too, have no speakers on this amendment. I urge adoption of the en bloc amendments, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. L
AMALFA ) having assumed the chair, Mr. M
ARSHALL , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construc-tion, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, had come to no resolu-tion thereon. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H. RES. 774 Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove my name as a cosponsor of H. Res. 774. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
ARSHALL ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Cali-fornia? There was no objection. 
f 
PATIENTS’ RIGHT TO TRY EXPERIMENTAL DRUGS (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the passage of the Right to Try Act—better late than never. After months of jumping through parliamentary hoops to pass this legis-lation out of both the House and the Senate, we are finally able to put the Right to Try Act on the President’s desk. This bill would allow very sick or terminally ill patients to request ac-cess to drugs and treatments that have yet to be approved by the FDA. This is a bipartisan issue. So far, 40 States have already adopted Right to Try laws but are unable to actually enforce them. This bill changes that. While giving terminally ill patients the right to try experimental medicine won’t always be successful, it does give patients one final avenue of hope. For those who have exhausted all other possibilities of conventional treat-ment, they deserve the opportunity to leave no stone unturned. Also, the in-dustry can learn from their experience. I am disappointed that some in the Senate chose to delay this very time- sensitive bill, but I am pleased the President now can make Right to Try the law of the land. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JOSE FRANCISCO PENA GOMEZ (Mr. ESPAILLAT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate and commemorate Dr. Jose Francisco Pena Gomez on the 20th anniversary of his passing. From his lifetime of service, Dr. Pena Gomez will, without question, be re-corded in history as a civil rights icon to the marginalized Afro-Latino com-munity and advocate for the poor. Dr. Pena Gomez personified his motto, ‘‘Primero la gente,’’ or ‘‘The People First,’’ serving as Mayor of Santo Domingo, vice president of the International Socialist Party for the Western Hemisphere, president of the Dominican Revolutionary Party, and twice nominated for the Presidency of the Dominican Republic. Dr. Pena Gomez was a fierce pro-ponent of free speech and denounced unfair election practices in the Domin-ican Republic and around the world. He was fervent in his condemnation of civil and human rights violations in Latin America. The largest airport in Santo Domingo bears his name and welcomes people from all over the world. It is my pleasure and great honor to celebrate the life of Dr. Pena Gomez with his family and those who fondly remember his model and standard. Primero la gente. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will remind all persons in the gallery that they are here as guests of the House and that any manifestation of approval or disapproval of pro-ceedings is in violation of the rules of the House. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CAMERON ROBINSON (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to remember the life of Cameron Robinson. He attended the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas on October 1. Cameron found his perfect balance in his boyfriend, Bobby Eardley. They loved each other immensely, and Cam-eron loved Bobby’s children as if they were his own. Bobby describes Cameron as a man who never did anything half-way. Whether it was cooking fancy meals or working in the Las Vegas City Attorney’s Office, he put his all in ev-erything he did. Cameron loved people without judg-ment and without condition. He is a man who is remembered as being full of spontaneous fun. I would like to extend my condo-lences to Cameron Robinson’s family and friends. Please note that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
f 
ECONOMIC INEQUALITY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. K
HANNA ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about the Janus v. AFSCME Council 31 Supreme Court case and economic inequality. The issue of our time is economic in-equality and the challenge of the mid-dle class being left behind. We know that 81 percent of American households between 2005 and 2015 have not had a raise. They have actually either had their wages stagnate or decline. This is an issue that goes to the core prin-ciples of our Nation. As every American knows, in 1968, Dr. King marched with sanitation workers in Memphis, with AFSCME local 1733. The march was not just about racial justice. The march was about economic justice. The march was about the freedom of sanitation work-ers to earn what Dr. King called a de-cent living. It was about the dignity of work. It was about the right to join a union. They fought against so-called right- to-work legislation. They fought for collective bargaining so that people who work hard, who rode on trucks and picked up the trash and did hard labor, earn a decent wage. Dr. King talked about the impor-tance of economic justice, much as he talked about the importance of racial justice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.048 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4683 May 23, 2018 
Here are the facts that we know. Unionized African American women earn about $21.90 an hour. That is not a bad wage. Nonunion African American women earned almost $4 less, on aver-age. That means $4 per hour is the dif-ference between unionized and non-unionized work for African American women. Seventy-two percent of African American women in unions have health insurance. Guess what? Less than 50 percent of nonunion African American women have health insurance. Some of us have read the horrific studies about how pregnant African American women still face huge issues with infant mortality and problems with child labor. Part of it is because they lack health insurance. If they have health insurance through a union, that is not as much of an issue. Latinos who join a union see their median weekly income increase by al-most 38 percent. They are 41 percent more likely to have employer-provided health insurance. Caucasian working- class families have seen a raise of near-ly 20 percent when they are in union jobs compared to nonunion jobs. Unions are more important now than ever, because the question is: When 81 percent of this country hasn’t had a raise for the past 15 years, do we need to have more policies favoring corpora-tions and executives or do we need to figure out how we give Americans a raise? The one institution that gives Americans a raise is unions. We didn’t invent this. We know col-lective bargaining works in other na-tions. We know that cooks in Germany make almost $25 an hour. The Danish Ambassador was visiting me today, and I said: How much would someone make if they worked at Starbucks in Denmark? He said: Almost $20 to $22 an hour. My jaw dropped. I said: How is that possible? Is it gov-ernment prescribed? He said: No, it is strong union move-ments across other countries. It is not that they discourage entre-preneurship or innovation. It is that they believe that working families should have the dignity to earn an hon-est living; that they can afford rent, that they can afford food, that they can afford healthcare, that they can af-ford a job. This is what FDR talked about with the right of a job and healthcare and housing; that the positive rights were necessary to truly have freedom in de-mocracy. Collective action raises the standard of living for everyone. Guess what? Henry Ford knew it. It led to economic growth. That is why he paid workers more. He said: Someone has got to earn a living to buy the cars. If we don’t have a middle class that can earn, then who is going to buy the iPhones, who is going to buy the new cars and the Teslas? Who is going to buy and have the money to set up new bank accounts? Our economic growth is dependent on the middle class. That is what America has gotten and China has never under-stood. China doesn’t care about their middle class. They care about the elites. We have believed in the middle class from FDR to Dwight Eisenhower. We believed that every person in this coun-try is extraordinary; that our success is based on ordinary Americans earning enough to buy things; that every Amer-ican matters, not just in our democ-racy but to our economy. It is what makes us different from the Chinese model, and it is why unions matter so much. Unions are what allow ordinary Americans to get the wages they de-serve. Union workers are more likely to have healthcare and retirement bene-fits. We know that the decline of the middle class is directly correlated to a decline in union membership. b1730 Let me give you this staggering sta-tistic: It used to be, in our GDP, that 90 percent of GDP went to income, of our GDP. That statistic has fallen to the high 50s or low 60s. Most of the loss now goes to capital, to automation, to machinery. Here is the irony: Corporations, you would think they would invest in human capital. You would think they would invest more in the workforce. But their incentives are not to do that. The Tax Code incentivizes research and development, if they want to open up plants or have automation; but they don’t incentivize the investment in ac-tual human capital so that workers and human beings get more of the GDP and not less. This decline from 90 percent to 60 percent of income is correlated partly with automation but also with the de-cline of union membership. Guess what: The unions are one of the only institutions in this country that are in-vesting in worker training, that are in-vesting in improving people’s human capital. I know so many apprenticeship pro-grams in my own district you can go in with just a high school degree, no test, no fees required, and become an ap-prentice to become an electrician, to become a drywaller, a glazer, a painter. These are tough jobs. They are not easy jobs. Once you do the apprentice-ship, it doesn’t cost you anything. It comes out of the fees of journeymen and other union members. You go and develop the skills, and the unions in-vest in you. When you talk to these apprentices, they are so proud of the work they are doing, proud of the investment that the unions are making in them, and they are extraordinary people with an ex-traordinary work ethic. That is the in-vestment that the unions are making in our workforce. Don’t think that it is just about them making sure people get the wages they deserve. They are making sure that we have the workers that we need in this country to be productive. They are the ones who are investing in the human capital in our society and the ones who are looking at the invest-ments needed for the future. Union apprenticeships are what closed the skills gap. They are the ones who are teaching folks about 3D print-ing. They are the ones who are teach-ing folks the tech skills that are need-ed as auto repair mechanics. They are the ones who are teaching folks the basic ways that you now need to oper-ate machines and robots. High-quality training in our unions is why American workers are the most productive in the world: 6 times more productive than China, 6 times more productive than India, 1
1⁄2times more productive than Germany, 1
1⁄2times more productive than Japan. That is partly because of our union efforts and training and because of the grit of the American people. Now, here is what this Janus case is about. The Janus case is about cor-porate special interests saying unions should no longer have a role in collec-tive bargaining, that the work unions do to represent workers is no longer important, that every person can go fend for themselves. Really? We tried that before the New Deal, during the Lochner era, where every person had to go fend for them-selves. It was the time that F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote about in ‘‘The Great Gatsby,’’ the Gilded Age, the largest economic disparities known in Amer-ican society. It led to the greatest stock market crash. It led to the Great Depression. It led to huge economic in-stability in the United States and around the world. And then we said: This system doesn’t work. FDR and Harry Truman and Dwight Eisenhower said: Let’s build an American middle class with unions, to which ordinary Americans can go to get a higher education, to get a wage where they can afford a house and they can afford food and they can afford to have a decent quality of life. Unions are what provided that. Col-lective bargaining is what allowed for that. It balanced the corporate inter-ests. It said: people who do work should be rewarded. That is what unions have done. I know there are all these complex phrases: fee sharing, right-to-work, and all of that. But cut through all the noise, and here is the basic question: Do you think collective bargaining has a role in American society? If you think it does, if you think people should have the right to organize and bargain and that there should be some counterweight to corporate power, then you should be for AFSCME and the union in this Supreme Court case. If you think workers are doing fine, working families are doing fine—the painters, the firefighters, the mechan-ics, the teachers, and the nurses—that they are all doing great and the real people we need to be worried about are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.099 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4684 May 23, 2018 
the corporate executives and the inves-tors and the corporate bankers—well, if you have that theory, then I suppose you would be for Janus. You would say: Let’s not have collective bargaining. The question is: What is your theory of the case? Are you for workers having a greater say and greater wages in this country, or are you for corporations having even greater power? That is what this case is about. I know that our Progressive Caucus stands so firmly in the belief that we need to be on the side of the workers. If the Supreme Court decides against collective bargaining, it will be one of the worst decisions in recent American history, a catastrophe for this court to strike a blow to working families across America, to strike a blow to the heart and soul of the union movement. We need to strengthen working fami-lies and unions, not weaken them. Before I turn it over to one of the strongest champions for working fami-lies, I want to thank the leadership of AFSCME—President Saunders, Scott Frey—who have done so much to help not just AFSCME members, not just honor the tradition of Dr. King, but to help the fight for unions. I want to thank Dr. David Madland and Kevin Fox, on my team, for their research about the role of unions and the leaders of the NEA: Mary Kusler and Marc Egan. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
URTIS ). The Chair would like to ask the gentleman to suspend. The Chair would ask occupants of the gallery to cease audible conversation. The gentleman from California may proceed. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ), my good friend. P
RAMILA JAYAPAL , before she was even elected to the State Senate, has been a tireless advocate for unions, for working families. She understands that working families and unions have helped not just minority communities, not just women, but all Americans. She is our vice chair of the Progres-sive Caucus. She is one of the strongest progressive voices in our Nation. She is on the front lines, the picket lines, and has traveled across the country stand-ing in solidarity with union members. It is a real honor now to yield to my friend and colleague, Representative J
AYAPAL . Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, it has been a great honor to be able to come into Congress with Mr. K
HANNA and to see the years of work that he has done before coming to Congress now turning into critical legislation around Yemen, around workers’ rights, around pro-gressive issues, around healthcare for all. How proud I am that I get to serve with the gentleman in this Congress, and how proud I am of our Progressive Caucus, which is the largest values- based caucus in the House. We are 78 members strong, and I believe we are going to hopefully have more members added on. Mr. Speaker, I think the reality of what we are talking about is that the ideas that we are putting forward are not really progressive ideas; they are ideas that serve the interests of work-ing families. Labor unions are at the core of that. I am proud to come from Washington State. We are one of the most labor- dense States in the country. We have one of the highest minimum wages in the country. Thanks to the labor move-ment, we have minimum wage that is tied to inflation. We have had that for many years. It is part of the reason our minimum wage has been able to rise in Washington State. Yes, we are the place of the $15 minimum wage, and I was proud to be on that committee to pass the $15 minimum wage in Seattle. We are able to show that these poli-cies, like higher minimum wages, like paid safe and sick days—we have some of the best paid family leave policies in the country. All of that has been brought forward by labor unions rep-resenting workers. When we talk about collective bar-gaining, what is that? For the average person, who may not be as familiar with terminology, really all that means is that you get to take the power that comes from having more than one individual together to bargain for the things that are really going to help your life. That is what collective bargaining is about: bringing the power of many to the policies and putting policies forward that really help us. Mr. KHANNA spoke so eloquently about—I think he said—the Danish Ambassador visiting. There is a great TEDx talk out there, TEDxOslo. The title of it is something like, ‘‘Where in the World Is It Easiest to Get Rich?’’ It is a fantastic talk that really puts bul-lets in the theory that, in social de-mocracies where you provide healthcare, where you have strong labor movements, where you provide free education, somehow you don’t have the opportunity to do well in those countries. In fact, statistics show that, specifi-cally because of a strong labor move-ment in Scandinavian countries and because of the investment in edu-cation, those two factors combined, ev-erybody does well. It is a really simple theory that we are all better off when we are all better off, and that is what labor unions have provided to us. I am proud to be from a strong labor family. My husband actually started off his career as an apprentice, as a bricklayer, and he worked his way up working for a number of different unions. He ended up being the head of the King County Labor Council, elected by 140,000 workers across our county, and was instrumental in helping us to win on many of these important issues. That is, I think, what we are talking about today. So, when we look at the Janus deci-sion, this is a critical issue, an issue of critical importance for all Americans. The Supreme Court’s decision on this case is going to help determine wheth-er or not we really have opportunity for all workers, whether or not labor unions are able to do the work that they need to do to collectively bargain and bring the voices of many workers to bear. Because what happens in, par-ticularly, these workplaces, giant cor-porations: You know that, if there is a wrong done to one, it is difficult to bring it forward just as one. If you have collective bargaining, you have a structure within where those issues can come forward. So what Janus is looking at is wheth-er or not American workers have the freedom and the right to collectively bargain, which means to fight back against the corporations that are ex-panding income inequality and deci-mating the middle class that, frankly, built this country. Let me be clear that I stand strong with labor unions like AFSCME in op-posing corporate efforts to drag work-ing people to the bottom. Unions made our country strong. Unions made our country strong. And Janus has the po-tential to make it harder for working people to join a union. Union members are us. They are our teachers, ironworkers, nurses, govern-ment workers, bricklayers, fire-fighters, machinists. They are the backbone of our communities. Our communities only thrive when we help workers to thrive. Janus would do the opposite. I want to share a statistic with you. My friend ROKHANNA just gave you some incredible statistics. Let me re-peat one, which is that workers, on av-erage, in 1973 earned $16.74 per hour, ad-justed for inflation. Since then, our economy has doubled, so we can as-sume that worker salaries have kept up with the pace, right? Not so fast. Wrong. Workers today make $17.86 per hour, which is nowhere near enough to keep pace with growing income inequality and the rising cost of living. Here is another statistic that has captured my attention and that I now use in every speech: Across this coun-try, 67 percent of Americans do not even have $1,000 in their bank account to deal with an emergency. Mr. Speak-er, 67 percent. It is a remarkable sta-tistic. That means that, if you have a leak in your roof, your car breaks down, your kid has an emergency or an ill-ness and you have to take off from work for a couple of weeks and you don’t have paid family leave like we do in Washington State thanks to the labor movement, all of those things mean that families are no longer thinking about thriving; they are thinking about surviving. That decline is directly tied, if you look at the re-search, to the decline in the labor movement and the decline in collective bargaining. So now we are facing an administra-tion that, despite lofty campaign prom-ises, is putting corporations and greed first and workers second. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.101 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4685 May 23, 2018 
b1745 Just look at the tax bill that the Re-publicans just passed. The largest transfer of wealth in the history of the United States going straight to cor-porations and the 1 percent. That is the reality of all of the research is that the majority of those tax breaks went to the largest corporations, the top 1 per-cent. It was used for stock buybacks and not for any kinds of increases, per-manent increases, for workers. So unions have been fighting back, and that is why we have to ensure that unions remain in fighting shape be-cause they are fighting for us. Janus is nothing more than a political attack underwritten by corporations, and it will not make our economy stronger. It further rigs the economy against work-ers, and it is, frankly, a disgrace and a slap in the face to the union legacy that has helped our country grow. We need to be working to make it easier and not harder for workers to join unions, to collectively bargain for fair wages, safe working conditions, and healthcare. And before I yield back, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friends in labor, the brothers and sis-ters who have been fighting for work-ing Americans, winning worker safety protections, sick leave, the 40-hour workweek. Don’t forget about the 40- hour workweek brought to you by your labor unions throughout our country’s history. It is not hyperbole to say that we simply would not be where we are with-out unions. And instead of trying to tear them apart by pushing so-called right-to-work laws—I don’t even like to say the phrase, because it isn’t right to work. The reality is that we should have the right to have workers collec-tively bargain and organize. But by filing these harmful lawsuits like Janus, we are hurting workers across the country. We should be work-ing to educate and to engage a new generation of union workers and lead-ers, and if history is any indication, our country will be better off when we are all better off. We are all better off when we have unions that represent the voices of working people and can actually build that power, organize to-gether to take on that corporate power, which, frankly, has a lot of money behind it but isn’t looking out for the best interest of our workers. With that, I thank Mr. K
HANNA for his tremendous leadership. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative J
AYAPAL for infusing the Progressive Caucus with a new vi-sion, new energy, and, really, making it the strongest caucus in Congress and sharing some of those facts. I didn’t know that 67 percent of Americans live on just $1,000—can’t afford $1,000 emer-gency expenditure. So I think talking about these facts and what this case means to real Americans is important. I thank her for being here. It is now my real honor to give the floor to someone who really built the Progressive Caucus. You know, the Progressive Caucus used to be a social club where people chatted, before KEITH ELLISON took over and said: You know, we have got to do more than just talk. We have got to actually act on our values. If you talk to anyone in this Con-gress, they will tell you that he took a group of 15, 20 Members that used to get together and has turned that cau-cus, through his leadership, into the largest caucus on the Democratic side, the most effective caucus, and one that has a bold agenda. Keith has been an organizer his whole life. He understands the impor-tance of working families and believes in these issues from his heart, and he has been a truly effective leader for the caucus in the House. It is my honor now to yield to Rep-resentative K
EITH ELLISON . Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. R
OKHANNA for organizing this today and holding this particular Spe-cial Order about Janus v. AFSCME. But, actually, the larger question is: What kind of shape will America be in if the Supreme Court makes the wrong decision? We envision, in the Progressive Cau-cus, an America in which parents can dream about their kids being able to go to college. We believe that you ought to be able to put food on the table. You ought to be able to get a good job and earn a decent pay and have a voice on your job. You ought to be able to turn on the water faucet and drink the water. You ought to be able to drive down the road without busting the axle on your car. You ought to be able to have safe affordable transit to get to where you have got to go. We don’t think this is too much to ask. This is something that other coun-tries in the world have. We think you ought to be able to go to the doctor if you are sick. Now, the guarantor of all those things for so many years has been people coming together and orga-nizing themselves into a group that ar-gued and negotiated with their em-ployer for a fair wage. They negotiated with their employer, and they said: Look, you know, you want us to supply labor? We will do it. You have got to pay us right. You have got to make sure the benefits package is right. You have got to make sure that this thing is making sense, not just for you, but for us, too. And, for many years, employers who didn’t want to see strikes and didn’t want to see labor shutdowns, and want-ed to stop the turnover that you would see, and wanted to make sure that there was labor peace, came to an agreement, and said: Okay, we will work with you. And between World War II and right up until about 1970, even a little be-yond, that bargain helped create the world’s greatest middle class. It wasn’t easy to get a cohesive union move-ment. In fact, there was a time in American history where being in a union was a criminal offense. They called the Pinkertons in. They beat you down. There is a lot of labor blood that has been spilled in this country in order to have a labor movement, but we have got one. And by 1957, a year that had racism and segregation, sexism and homophobia, had one thing going, and that was about 35 percent of all Ameri-cans were in a union, and about 35 per-cent more were paid as if they were. So the unions were setting the wage scale, and they helped create an American middle class, which really is what we think of when we think of America at its best economically. The union movement didn’t just stop at labor issues. It went further than that. It was the UAW that helped fund the March on Washington. The march for jobs and justice was funded by orga-nized labor. It was labor that stood with those sanitation workers in Mem-phis, Tennessee, when they were on strike and Martin Luther King came down to march with them. It was AFSCME—AFSCME, the American Federation of State, County, and Mu-nicipal Employees—who had the back of those workers in Memphis. And when we lost the great Martin Luther King just about 50 years ago, AFSCME was by the side of those workers. And those workers literally won that strike, and many of them are still around to talk about it today. These folks made it so that in 1968 you had a rate of poverty that was much lower than it is today. You had CEOs that made about 20 times more than their average worker. Today, that is 339 to 1, and that is just the median. In fact, you have companies like Mattel that make almost 5,000 times— the CEO makes 5,000 times the average worker. McDonald’s, the CEO makes 3,100 times the average worker. Kohl’s, the CEO makes 1,200 times the average worker. But in 1968, with its strong union movement, we had an emerging civil rights movement. We had a minimum wage that was probably in the neigh-borhood, as has been mentioned, that was livable at the time, if you compare it to inflation. You had a rate of pov-erty where fewer people were in pov-erty. You had a ratio between workers and CEO which was much more ration-al. And something interesting happened beginning in the 1970s; there came an organized concerted attack on labor. And people will tell you that in 1980, after Ronald Reagan was elected, he went out on the campaign trail saying that he was for working people, but shortly after he got in office, he dis-missed the air traffic controllers. When he broke that strike and he broke those workers, it set working people in this country on a trajectory, which brings us to where we are now, which is stagnating wages for literally three, four decades. The CEOs have done great. And if you ask Donald Trump, he will tell you: Oh, yeah, you know, the stock market is booming out of control. We are doing fine. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.104 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4686 May 23, 2018 
But, you know, in this America, our America, this largesse is not shared by most people. My colleague, P
RAMILA  J
AYAPAL , mentioned earlier that about 67 percent of Americans would not know what to do if they were hit with a $1,000 bill. They don’t have it. But there are even other statistics that are as jarring, as equally upsetting. Other statistics would show just how difficult it is for Americans to pay their bills. Now, I know we are talking about Janus today. I am getting there. But there is a recent story that I want to share with you, and we can submit it for the R
ECORD , and the title of this story, Mr. Speaker, is ‘‘More Than 40 Percent of Americans Can’t Pay Their Bills.’’ That is the name of the story, and it says: ‘‘Donald Trump thinks the economy is doing great—way, way bet-ter than under Obama. Actually, Obama created more jobs on his way out the door than Trump has so far. ‘‘But that’s besides the point.’’ The story says, based on this re-search, the conclusion of the research: ‘‘43 percent of us struggle to pay our bills, and 34 percent are suffering ‘ma-terial hardships,’ including ‘running out of food, not being able to afford a place to live, or lacking the money to seek medical treatment.’’’ The truth is, Mr. Speaker, is that we live in a Nation that is lurching toward plutocracy. We live in a Nation that is lurching toward oligopoly and oligarchs, because the people who make the hamburgers, they don’t ben-efit in the profits of the company. The CEO does that. The people who make the clothes and work for Kohl’s and work their job, they don’t benefit. They just get survival wages, and the executives take it all home for them-selves. Part of the reason is a conservative philosophy which says that companies should not have to pay any taxes. They shouldn’t have to abide by any regula-tions. They should be allowed to slam labor cost to the ground, if they can, and then the CEO should be able to walk away with all the money. And then the theory goes that they will use that money to invest in plant and equipment, and then everybody will be better off. But that never happens. That Republican philosophy, that conservative philosophy, is absolutely and utterly bankrupt. It doesn’t work. It is not true. And, yet, we keep on doing it over and over again. But part of this philosophy is the union busting. And they have been on a 40-year trajec-tory of trying to break the union. I mentioned PATCO a little while ago, when Reagan broke PATCO. That sent a shockwave that reverberated even until the moment we are in now, and it is culminating in this attack on Janus. Let me tell you, they have been troll-ing around for a worker, a public em-ployee, to try to break Janus—break public employees for years. A few years ago, right before the Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia passed, there was a case before the Supreme Court called the Frederick case. And in that case, it is exactly like the Janus case. Why are they similar? Because right- wing law firms are trolling the country looking for any public employee to try to attack the union and attack fair share. That is what they have been doing. They have been going around: Will you take the case? Can we represent you? Can we represent you? And they finally found somebody, this guy, Janus. And he makes the outrageous claim that he—who benefits from col-lective bargaining and who the union expends money to make sure he has a decent contract—he is saying: Oh, this is unfair. My free speech rights are going into this union, and I don’t want that to happen. Well, they are not, actually. All they are doing is assessing a reasonable fee that is associated with the cost of ne-gotiating on his behalf to have a better wage. But he says: No, I want to be able to benefit from the work that the union does, but I don’t want to pay anything. It is quite ridiculous. But that is the case that is in the Supreme Court right now. You know, you want to know what is in the First Amendment? The right to freedom of assembly. The right to free-dom of assembly is in the Constitution. And if some workers want to assemble together and negotiate for better wages and better benefits with their em-ployer, I believe they have a constitu-tional right to do so. b1800 What I don’t think you have a con-stitutional right to do is to be a free-loader, which is what Janus is arguing. He is saying: I want to be able to ben-efit from what the union negotiates on my behalf, but I don’t want to pay any-thing. He doesn’t have to pay into the fund that goes to political stuff. He doesn’t have to pay for that. That issue has been decided. It is not required under the law that he help fund candidates or issues that he doesn’t want to support. But it is fair, and it is right, and it is reasonable, and the Supreme Court has found in the past that an assessment on employees for the cost of represen-tation is fair and constitutional. Now, this is a case called the Abood case where this was found to be constitu-tional. What they want to do is flip Abood and say: No, you can now be a freeloader. Let me just say to my good friend from California, our law has been fa-voring the employer over the worker for years now. Here is the law right now. If you are an employer and you fire a worker because they are trying to organize a union, that is not legal to do. But guess what? That worker can file, but they can’t file a private law-suit; they have to file under the Na-tional Labor Relations Act. They can’t get punitive and treble damages. They can’t do discovery. They just have to go through the NLRB process, which takes quite a long time, according to most workers who go through it. And when they do go through it, all they can ever get is back pay, minus what-ever they earned after they were fired illegally. This is a very small price to pay for people who are exercising what I be-lieve is a constitutional right to free-dom of assembly and freedom of ex-pression. But why shouldn’t you fire them because, hey, it is the worst of the cost of doing business for some em-ployers who don’t want a union? Another example of how unfair the situation is an employer can tell the workers: You better be in the cafeteria tomorrow because there is a union drive, and I want to threaten you and scare you and tell you all the reasons why it is a bad idea. This is called captive audience. Can the union go into the same plant and say, ‘‘Well, now we want to give you our side of why you do need a union’’? They cannot do it. It is not fair. It is like having an election, where the rights of the workers will be deter-mined by the election, and yet only one side gets to be able to go and argue in the negative. By the way, if the employer said, ‘‘Come to the meeting, we are going to tell you why you do need a union,’’ that would be an unfair labor practice. It is crazy, really. But it is the kind of world that a guy like Neil Gorsuch thinks would be a good one. This is the guy who was, in my view, illegally put on the Supreme Court of the United States—illegally. The Constitution says that the sit-ting President gets to offer a replace-ment for a vacancy on the Supreme Court. Barack Obama did that, and the head of the Senate Republicans, who was in the majority, said: We will not hear anybody. Do you know what? The role of the Senate is to give advice and consent. They can say, ‘‘We think that this guy is not qualified’’; they can say that this guy has a judicial temperament that is not proper; they can criticize that nominee any way they want to. But one thing they cannot do is say: We simply will not discharge our con-stitutional responsibility. But that is what they did do because nobody can make them do otherwise. They did it because they could do it, but it was wrong. It was actually im-moral, and it was an abuse of their re-sponsibility as Members of the United States Senate. But they didn’t care. They want power—raw, naked power. That is what they did, and somehow they got away with it because they got Neil Gorsuch on the Supreme Court. This is the guy who was a deciding vote in a case that, I believe, is a fore-shadowing of what we are going to see in Janus. Just the other day, a case called Murphy Oil was decided—Monday. Neil Gorsuch cast a deciding vote in a Su-preme Court decision that ruled, for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.105 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4687 May 23, 2018 
the first time, that bosses can forbid their workers from joining together in class action lawsuits to challenge vio-lations of the Federal labor laws. This is an outrageous usurpation. Bringing a complaint against your boss or your company is expensive and risky, especially for workers who have no safety net. Congresswoman J
AYAPAL  just got through telling you how stressed to the wall American workers are, and yet those workers, who don’t have much money, are now told that they cannot come together in a class action suit to challenge violations of Federal labor law. They have to pursue these claims individually. They don’t have a chance. The bargaining position power is absolutely unequal, and yet that is what we got. Decisions like this are why M
ITCH M
CCONNELL and Republicans have en-gaged in the historic obstruction to block President Obama from filling the Supreme Court vacancy for nearly a year. They wanted an ideologue like Neil Gorsuch to tip antiworker cases like this. So what is going to happen in Janus? I hate to admit it, but even I, who con-sider myself quite optimistic, believe that: Look, they put Neil Gorsuch on the Supreme Court to destroy public employee bargaining; that is why he is there. I have no illusions about what is about to happen. But it is just like other unjust Supreme Court decisions that have happened, along the lines of Shelby County, which destroyed the Voting Rights Act, or along the lines of Citizens United, which basically said that corporations can dump massive amounts of money into elections. Who has a massive amount of money? You know. America’s corporate elites. And then it goes all the way back to unjust decisions like the Lochner case or even Dred Scott. History will look very dimly on this moment in time. I believe that when you crush decency and fairness to earth, it does rise. And I believe that workers of this country, if they are prohibited by the law and the Supreme Court from being treated fairly, they are just going to start going on strike all over the place, just like the teach-ers just showed us that they would. They are just going to start going on strike, and we will just settle it out in the street. This is unfortunate. Wouldn’t it be much better to have fair bargaining and come to the table and negotiate decent wages and bene-fits? Of course it would be. Those teachers didn’t want to go on strike. They wanted to be in the class-room teaching those kids. But whether it is Arizona, North Carolina, or Oklahoma, these people, who dedicated their lives to young peo-ple, had to go out on the trail, go out on the strike line, just so that they could get a decent situation for those kids and themselves. Those teachers said: These kids’ learning environment is our work environment. Both are bad. So we have to strike. We have been given no alternative but to do so. So they did, and they got some jus-tice out of it. This is what the likes of Neil Gorsuch and Janus v. AFSCME are pushing the American labor picture to-wards. It is too bad, but I have great faith in the American worker. They will not take this lying down, and we will be on the picket line with them. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative ELLISON for those words and for explaining so simply and pow-erfully what is at stake with the Janus case and why the constitutional right is actually with the unions, as he put it, to assemble and not to freeload when someone is getting a benefit. I thank him for his leadership and fight on this. Mr. Speaker, I want to make one other point before yielding to my friend. One of the contemporary exam-ples of the need for collective bar-gaining is seen with CWA in their struggle with American Airlines when passenger service agents aren’t making a living wage. I don’t understand it. I pay so much for these American Air-line tickets that I wonder who the money is going to. Would any American think that the passenger service agents aren’t getting a fair wage, given what we are paying in airline tickets? Yet the truth is many of those work-ers aren’t getting a fair wage, particu-larly those who are working for Envoy Air and those who are working with Piedmont Airlines. There are many Members of this House—81 of us—who believe that American Airlines needs to do the right thing and pay a living wage and CWA’s ability to bargain, to ask for a fair wage for what all of us pay when we pay for tickets, to ask that the workers benefit from that as well. That is what is at stake in this Janus case: Can CWA organize and get a fair wage so that workers benefit? Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO), a good friend, who is in my freshman class and who is a great leader on so many issues—on issues of technology and the future of work—so that he can speak out on this important Janus decision. He has come out to Silicon Valley. But what I re-spect about him is he has his values in fighting for working families, for the middle class, for people who have been left out. Those are the issues he is most passionate about. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. K
HANNA for all of the good work that he is doing. I know he is changing the world in California. There are going to be so many labor issues to come from that that I can’t even dream of right now. But I rest assured knowing that someone of his savviness of knowing technology will help us make sure that we are protecting working families going into the future. I also share his concern and believe that American Airlines should be pay-ing living wages to the folks who are working for them and certainly stand with CWA on that issue. Today, we are talking about Janus v. AFSCME. Mr. Janus is a man who wants to get something for nothing, a man who wants to get the benefit of collective bargaining without having to pay for it, and he is asking the Su-preme Court to dismantle unions in the process of that, all because he doesn’t agree with some political messaging of the union, in this case, AFSCME. I would like to take a moment to take this logic to its end. Perhaps every shareholder should be able to ob-ject to Fortune 500 companies about political messaging they disagree with. Every single one of them: 1 share; 1 million shares. Perhaps every em-ployee should have the right to object to their Fortune 500 company employ-ers’ political messaging if they dis-agree. But, of course, that is not what is happening because this is a con-certed attack on America’s unions, leaving corporate dark money to reign unchecked in our political process. Ul-timately, it is an attack on the middle class. Imagine our country without a strong middle class. Imagine a country with just the haves and the have-nots. There are plenty across this globe. There are plenty that aren’t making a big difference in this world because when you have the rich control all cap-ital, all political power, that is when they control us, and we don’t have the innovation. We don’t have the incen-tive. We don’t have the progress that is so critical to capitalism, which I think is being missed on this. If you don’t have a fair market, you can’t have suc-cessful capitalism, and part of a fair market includes having a strong voice for our middle class, for our working folks, through our unions. It is no surprise that a rise to great-ness in this country was tied to the rise of the middle class. Think about it: GIs returning home from World War II, fan-ning out to the suburbs. Even before that, around World War I and before that, when you had all of these major milestones that we talked about—a 40- day workweek, overtime, child labor laws, OSHA, so many things that hap-pened, antitrust, that created the mod-ern economy—and we surged and pros-perity reigned through most corners of the United States. So I want to just take a moment— and I appreciate Mr. KHANNA for bring-ing this forward—to urge the Supreme Court to do the right thing: to protect the right to collectively bargain from being dragged down by nonunion free riders just because they disagree with the political message. Or, in the alternative, allow every employee, every shareholder, to object to corporate political speech they dis-agree with. Let’s keep it fair on all sides then. If I have one share and I am a part-time employee of a major For-tune 500 company and I disagree, I should be able to object, just like this man wants to be able to object. Cor-porations aren’t people; people are peo-ple. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.106 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4688 May 23, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. K
HANNA ) for the opportunity to be able to stand with him on behalf of America’s working families. b1815 Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative S
OTO for his analogy that the rules for our corporate share-holders shouldn’t be different than the rules for workers. We need fairness. We certainly shouldn’t be privileging shareholders. I appreciate the gentle-man’s advocacy for working families and speaking out today. Mr. Speaker, I want to close with some simple points. People often say that workers have a negative view of unions or don’t want unions to be rep-resenting them, but here are the facts: Gallup Poll research shows that 60 per-cent of Americans have a favorable view of labor unions, and that number has been going up as more and more Americans see that their wages have been going down. More and more Amer-icans are saying they need the unions to level the playing field. When we look at AFSCME and what AFSCME stands for, what Janus is say-ing that he doesn’t want representing him, I think about the trip I took with Representative J
OHN LEWIS down to Memphis a few months ago. We went to Mason Temple. In Mason Temple, we heard over the loud speaker Dr. King’s voice as he spoke about seeing the promised land. As that booming voice came over the loud speakers in that temple, there on stage was a man in his 80s who was a sanitation worker at the time that Dr. King marched in Memphis, and he talked about how he still was owed money for his fair work. At the age of 80, Memphis still hadn’t paid him. That person, that man, he didn’t shirk from work. He was working still in his 80s. He believed in the dignity of work. He talked about young people needing to believe in the dignity of work. He just wanted to have a fair shot at being paid for that work. That was AFSCME. That is what AFSCME stands for in this country. That is what is at stake in this Su-preme Court fight. Do we stand for the values that Dr. King marched for, and do we stand for the labor union in this Nation? 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, thank you for your graciousness in giving us this hour and moderating this debate. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. THE PROSPER ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX) for 30 minutes. 
HONORING TROOPER BULLARD  
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, only days after we commemorated National Po-lice Week, I rise to honor the life of Trooper Samuel Newton Bullard. The community of Ronda, North Carolina, tragically lost Trooper Bullard in the line of duty on Monday in my district. A 3-year State trooper veteran, Trooper Bullard was dedicated to the safety and protection of Surry County. Our country could not be so blessed without selfless law enforcement offi-cers like him who protect our commu-nities and uphold the rule of law that our safety rests upon. My heartfelt condolences go to the family and friends of Trooper Samuel Newton Bullard. While Trooper Bullard’s ultimate sacrifice cannot be repaid, I remain grateful for his sacrifice and remember him and his loved ones in my prayers. Mr. Speaker, I am here tonight to talk about a serious situation that ex-ists in our country, a very serious situ-ation. Every Member of this body hears every day from employers in our dis-tricts that they have jobs that are going unfilled because Americans do not have the skills they need to fill those unfilled jobs. Specifically, there are over 6 million unfilled jobs in this country due to the skills gap. We have a solution to that problem, Mr. Speaker, and it has come out of the Education and the Workforce Com-mittee. It is called the PROSPER Act. Today, in The Hill, there was a ter-rific article encouraging this body and this Congress to pass the PROSPER Act, and I am going to quote some of the article. The article was entitled ‘‘Congress, Pass the PROSPER Act for Federal Student Aid Reform.’’ It is written by Rachelle Peterson. ‘‘It has been 53 years since President Lyndon Johnson signed the Higher Education Act into law, and 10 years since it was reauthorized, under Presi-dent Obama. Over the years, the law— which touches nearly every aspect of higher education—has turned into a special interest bonanza. It shields tra-ditional colleges from marketplace competition, weaves a labyrinthine web of student aid options, packs on the pork, and in the last administra-tion served as a pretext for the Depart-ment of Education to invent politically charged regulations. ‘‘The PROSPER Act . . . would reau-thorize the Higher Education Act and clean up the mess it has become. The bill would streamline Federal pro-grams, relax burdensome regulations, forbid the Secretary of Education from acting outside the scope of the law, and protect the key principles of free speech and religious freedom. ‘‘Today, my organization, the Na-tional Association of Scholars, released a top-to-bottom review of the PROS-PER Act, concluding that it represents the best opportunity to reform higher education in decades. With a few tweaks, the PROSPER Act should be passed at once. Two especially impor-tant areas—Federal student aid reform and protections for freedom of speech and association—show why.’’ Ms. Peterson goes on: ‘‘Currently, Federal student aid is a complicated system that encourages students to take on unmanageable debt and incentivizes colleges to raise tuition. The system has six loan programs, nu-merous grants, and some four dozen op-tions for paying off or getting loans forgiven. ‘‘The PROSPER Act simplifies Fed-eral student aid, reining in costs and making it easier for students to see their options. It caps the amount of money parents and students can bor-row from the Federal Government. It streamlines Federal student aid into a single loan program, a single grant pro-gram, and a single repayment program. It eliminates special interest projects, such as public service loan forgiveness, which privileged government employ-ees by forgiving their loans after 10 years of payments.’’ Mr. Speaker, Ms. Peterson really en-capsulates at the beginning of this ar-ticle the reasons why we should be passing the PROSPER Act. Again, it passed out of the committee in December, and we are working to find floor time to be able to bring this bill to the floor and be able to have the House vote on it, send it to the Senate, have the Senate vote on it, and send it to the President for his signature. Again, Ms. Peterson says, ‘‘Congress, Pass the PROSPER Act for Federal Student Aid Reform,’’ but as she ex-plains in her quotes as I quoted, she says even more about it. Let me explain some additional rea-sons why we need to pass the PROS-PER Act. Eighty-one percent of parents say 4- year schools charge too much. Fifty- four percent of parents think 4-year schools are accessible to middle class Americans. Mr. Speaker, we have a problem in this country, not just with skills but people who are in poverty. The way for people to get out of poverty is to gain a good education that provides skills for people to be able to get a job. Mr. Speaker, all my life I have pro-moted the need for people to get a great education. I myself am a living example of what an education can do for a person. I grew up in a house with no electricity, no running water. My parents had a sixth grade and ninth grade education. I come from no privi-lege whatsoever, and yet, Mr. Speaker, I and many millions of other people in this country who came from similar circumstances were able to get a good education and use their talents and skills to lead successful lives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.107 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4689 May 23, 2018 
What I want, Mr. Speaker, is for every American who has the drive to do the same thing. Mr. Speaker, while the Federal Gov-ernment doesn’t create jobs, the Fed-eral Government can create situations where jobs can be created by the pri-vate sector, and we can help people gain the skills that they need to take those jobs. Again, as I said, we have over 6 mil-lion unfilled jobs in this country, and what we need and what employers are begging us for is to provide the oppor-tunity for people to gain the skills that they need to fill those jobs. This is the way the American people feel right now. Again, 81 percent of Americans say the schools charge too much. What we do with PROSPER is give an incentive to the schools to charge less. We don’t tell them what to charge— that is not the role of the Federal Gov-ernment—but we put in place policies that we believe will cause tuition not to continue to rise at such a high rate and that students will get more infor-mation so they choose well the pro-grams they go into. Also, we are closing out the opportu-nities that I had and millions of other middle class Americans have had in the past by pricing post-secondary edu-cation too high and making people feel it is not possible. Only 13 percent of the people in this country believe that college graduates are well prepared for success in the workplace. Something is wrong, Mr. Speaker, that we have this low a num-ber of people in this country who be-lieve that those who are graduating from college or attending college don’t have the skills that they need to take those jobs that are out there available. b1830 And there is even more negativity coming from those who employ those who go to college. Let me share some other informa-tion. Only two in five managers believe college graduates are well equipped for a job in their field. Mr. Speaker, even those who go to college are not completing their edu-cation. We have a 6-year completion rate of only 54.8 percent. And what does this mean to stu-dents? It means $68,000 per year in lost wages and the cost of attending. Mr. Speaker, this is occurring not just with those who attend what are known as 4-year colleges, which actu-ally now are 6-year colleges because students are aren’t graduating in 4 years—most of the ones graduating are graduating in 6 years—but it is apply-ing to students who are in what we have always called 2-year colleges. So we have a terrible problem every way you look in this country in terms of providing the opportunities for not only poor people, but middle-income people, for completing a degree or a program or a certificate that will allow them to gain the skills that they need and the credentials they need. We are a credentialing society, Mr. Speaker. We want people to be able to prove what they have done. Therefore, we need to honor people with all kinds of credentials and make it easier for them to gain those credentials. Not everybody needs a baccalaureate degree to be a successful person in our country, and we know that because only 30 percent of the people in this country do have a baccalaureate de-gree. Yet we have millions and millions of people already who are successful. What we want to do is encourage more people to seek certification and programs that allow them to be cer-tified without necessarily completing a baccalaureate. Mr. Speaker, people will say: Well, you don’t honor liberal arts degrees if you are encouraging people to go on and just get a certificate. I want every-body to get a liberal arts degree. I got a liberal arts degree. I think that is wonderful. But people don’t have to do that im-mediately out of high school, and they don’t have to do it in order to lead suc-cessful lives. But ultimately, we hope everybody will be a lifelong learner, and the best way to be a lifelong learner, I think, is to help people be successful early on so they will be encouraged to continue to want to learn and do the things that will make them successful. So what does PROSPER do? We make it possible for more students to qualify for Pell grants for short-term pro-grams. This is what we do, Mr. Speak-er. Pell grants are the grants that un-dergird most people going to college who don’t come from very affluent families. The maximum Pell grant in this country now is about $6,000. But stu-dents can qualify for that if they are very, very poor. What we would like to do is allow Pell grants to be used for shorter term programs, again, to get students to get into a program, help them gain certifi-cation so they can continue to earn and learn, so they can get a job, con-tinue their education. So we make it possible for 7 million more people to qualify for Pell grants. Many colleges and universities, un-fortunately, have come out against the PROSPER Act. Why is that, Mr. Speaker, when we make 7 million more students eligible for Pell grants? It is because, Mr. Speaker, we also ask for more account-ability on the part of the schools and universities, and I will talk a little bit more about that in a minute. And what do we do for the schools? We say to them: Help these Pell grant students graduate on time, meaning 4 years. And guess what. We will give you a little bonus for this. Right now, the schools get no re-wards for helping their students grad-uate on time. In fact, they get re-warded if they extend the amount of time that students are in school. But that costs the students money in lost wages. It also encourages them to bor-row more money, which is not a good thing. We know right now that we have $1.4 trillion in student debt in this country. We see the headlines every day in the newspapers about the problem with student debt. We don’t want to encour-age students to take out more debt. We want the students to get less debt. So we simplify what we are doing in financial aid, Mr. Speaker. That is what we hear from schools, parents, students. We just had a meeting with Members of Congress before I came up here, and Members of Congress who have had children go to college all talked about how complicated the FAFSA is, how invasive of privacy it is, and how we need to do better with the FAFSA, which is the financial aid form that students have to fill out to qualify. But we also have a complicated set of loans, grants, and campus-based pro-grams. So what do we do with PROSPER? We simplify things, Mr. Speaker. Right now, we have six different loan programs, nine repayment options, 32 deferment and forbearance options— that means 32 different ways not to pay back your loan—and $1.4 trillion in stu-dent debt. What we do is we turn these six loan programs into one loan program. We make it much less complicated. Stu-dents and parents can understand. We take the various grant programs and turn them into one grant program. It will all be called Pell grants. And we take a couple of the grant programs and put them in workstudy. Why do we do that, Mr. Speaker? Be-cause we have known for 50 years or more that workstudy is successful. We have done studies to show that students who work are much more likely to graduate, they do better aca-demically, they become better time managers, and they are much more likely to get a job when they graduate. What we do with workstudy is we make it an even better program than it is now. We double the amount of money that is in workstudy, and we make it possible for the school to allo-cate up to 50 percent of the money into the private sector. What that will do, Mr. Speaker, is that will allow the stu-dents to work in the private sector, do an internship, a co-op, or an appren-ticeship program. We know that most of the time those programs result in a job, and that will start the student on a successful ca-reer, we believe, in the industry or business or area that the student wants to go into. It is better than just work-ing on campus. Working on campus is a positive thing, and it helps the stu-dents a lot, but working in the private sector is even better because, again, those often lead directly into employ-ment in the private sector. So this is what we do. Mr. Speaker, we are responding to the public. We are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.109 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4690 May 23, 2018 
responding to the schools saying finan-cial aid is too complicated. Parents and students say financial aid is too complicated. We are listening to both of those folks. The institutions have said it, and the students and parents have said it. What else are we doing with the fi-nancial aid? We are putting $14.5 bil-lion back in the pockets of students. How are we doing that? We are elimi-nating the origination fee for loans. This was a hidden fee that most stu-dents didn’t know anything about. They had to pay this up front out of the loans that they were getting, and very often it made a big difference to the students in terms of having the funds that they needed to be successful in their programs. So we eliminate that, Mr. Speaker, and we think this is a very, very posi-tive thing that we are doing. In general, what we are doing with the PROSPER Act is we are responding to the American people. We are re-sponding to employers who are saying to us: Please, help us with smoothing the way for students to go to colleges and universities to be able to gain the skills that they need to take these 6 million jobs that we have available out here. Universities are not doing it for us. The colleges are not doing it for us. The colleges and universities are grad-uating approximately 1.4 million stu-dents every year. Yet what is hap-pening is we have got all of these jobs unfilled out here, and we have got graduates being graduated but they don’t have the skills that the employ-ers need. Study after study after study, poll after poll after poll is telling us that. We are hearing it from every-body. This is not a panacea. It is not going to answer every single need that is out there. We never said that it would. But it is a true reform of postsecondary education. What we want to do is say to the postsecondary institutions: We have heard you. We have heard what you have said. You have said reduce or eliminate a lot of the rules and regula-tions that we have. That is what is driving up the cost of tuition. Well, guess what, Mr. Speaker. We have revised or eliminated 59 percent of the 59 rules that were presented to us by the colleges and universities. But when they talk to our colleagues here, we never hear them mention that to them. But we are doing that. So we are responding to them. They said: Simplify financial aid. We are doing that. So we are doing what the schools asked us to do. We are doing what employers asked us to do. We are providing funds for short-term programs that will result in certifi-cates that will result in the ability for students to gain the skills they need and go to work after as short a period of time as 10 weeks and 300 hours. This is a huge change in the way financial aid has been offered in the past. We have listened to parents and stu-dents. We have simplified financial aid. We are making it much easier for stu-dents to apply for financial aid. We make it simpler for them to under-stand exactly the aid that they are going to be getting, what their obliga-tions are going to be, and we know that, ultimately, it is going to bring down the cost of postsecondary edu-cation because we remove incentives for the colleges and universities to keep raising tuition and fees because we are saying to the colleges and uni-versities: We want you to help these students succeed. We want you to en-courage these students to take out less debt, and we are providing you the ve-hicle for doing that. So, Mr. Speaker, we are responding to all the segments of the population that have asked us to change the way postsecondary education is delivered in this country. We are going to help fulfill these 6 million unfilled jobs and we are going to bring down the cost of tuition and fees and make financial aid less com-plicated. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
b1845 RECOGNIZING ASIAN AMERICAN PACIFIC ISLANDER HERITAGE MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO) for 30 minutes. 
HONORING ANDREW JENG  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, in honor of Asian American Pacific Islander Herit-age Month, I would like to recognize Andrew Jeng. Horng ‘‘Andrew’’ Jeng has been ex-tensively involved with different com-munities and organizations. He is owner of Uptech Computers, the Presi-dent of Asian Pacific Islander Amer-ican Public Affairs of Central Florida, APAPA; president of the Chinese Chamber of Commerce of Central Flor-ida; principal of Kissimmee Chinese School; and president of Kiwanis Club of Kissimmee, Florida. In the past, Andrew was involved with the Boys & Girls Club; Seniors First Inc.; the Asian American Herit-age Council; Taiwanese Chamber of Commerce; International Association of Chiefs of Police; and American vet-eran groups. As the president of Chinese Chamber of Commerce of Central Florida, he supported the business community with facilities and intimate knowledge of the community as well as supporting businesses through advocating for posi-tive business legislation, hosting net-work events and seminars, and inter-national outreach. Andrew received the award of Out-standing Asian American from Orange County, Orlando in 2016; and in 2009, the community service of Asian Amer-ican Heritage Council in Orlando, he earned a bachelor’s of law from Central Police University in Taiwan, and a master’s degree of computer informa-tion from the New York Institute of Technology. For that, Mr. Andrew Jeng, we recog-nize you. HONORING DR . SAJID CHAUDHARY  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, in honor of Asian American Pacific Islander Herit-age Month, I would like to recognize Dr. Sajid Chaudhary. Dr. Sajid Chaudhary is an infections disease specialist providing healthcare services in the Kissimmee area since 2004. He completed his internal medi-cine training from Brown University and his infectious disease fellowship training from the University of Massa-chusetts. Dr. Chaudhary is on faculty at the UCF College of Medicine, teaching medical students and resident doctors. Dr. Chaudhary has served, also, on the board of Osceola Regional Medical Cen-ter, and he is a founding board member and served as president of the Associa-tion of Pakistani Americans of Central Florida. He has served as president of the As-sociation of Physicians of Pakistani Descent of North America, known as APPNA, and launched projects for four mobile clinics to help uninsured people in four States in the United States, in-cluding Florida. Dr. Chaudhary is very active in the community through volunteering and most recently helped raise funds for the victims of Hurricane Irma and Hur-ricane Maria in 2017. Earlier this year, I joined Dr. Chaudhary in the opening of a free healthcare clinic in Kissimmee, in our district, which he was very actively in-volved in establishing. For that, Dr. Sajid Chaudhary, we honor you. 
HONORING JOSE FABRICANTE , JR. 
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, in honor of Asian American Pacific Islander Herit-age Month, I would like to recognize Jose Fabricante, Jr. Jose, ‘‘Joed’’ Fabricante, Jr., is cur-rently the president of the Asian Amer-ican Chamber of Commerce of Central Florida. He has been involved with the chamber since 2010 and has taken mul-tiple leadership roles within the orga-nization. The Asian American Chamber of Commerce of Central Florida’s mission is to provide leadership, support, and encouragement to the Asian American business community of Orlando so that the members of that organization may prosper and grow. Jose currently works for Universal Orlando Resort in the security division as an entry-screening sergeant. He has also worked in various departments at Universal Orlando Resort and has had an impressive career with the company for close to 15 years. Jose is also on the board of directors for the Orlando Economic Partnership since 2018, this year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.112 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4691 May 23, 2018 
His family moved to the United States in 1992 from the Philippines and has called Florida home since then. For that, Jose Fabricante, Jr., we honor you. 
HONORING RICKY LY  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, in honor of Asian American Pacific Islander Herit-age Month, I would like to recognize Ricky Ly. Ricky Ly is an Orlando engineering professional. The son of Vietnamese boat refugees, he has proudly served central Florida in the community for the past 15 years. In 2018, he was chosen by Orlando Weekly as one of the 10 peo-ple making Orlando a better place to be. As a past co-chair of the Florida Water Environment Association’s Water Resources, Reuse, and Resil-iency Committee, he worked to edu-cate fellow water professionals, com-munity leaders, and the public about critical water resources and challenges that face our State. Mr. Ly currently serves on the board of directors of Second Harvest Food Bank. He has been involved with the City of Orlando’s Families, Parks and Recreation board; the Orlando Mayor’s City Academy; Pi Delta Psi Fraternity; and a board member for local NPR af-filiate WMFE. Mr. Ly also leads voting registration campaigns for the local Asian Amer-ican community and was awarded the Golden Hands Award from the Asian American Chamber of Commerce of Central Florida. He recently worked with the local PBS affiliate, WUCF–TV, on the docu-mentary series ‘‘Vietnamese Orlando,’’ highlighting the history of the vibrant Vietnamese American community in Orlando. A graduate of the University of Cen-tral Florida, he is the cofounder of the Asian Pacific American Coalition at UCF and served as a student govern-ment senator representing the UCF College of Engineering and Computer Science. He is also the author of the book, ‘‘Food Lovers’ Guide to Orlando,’’ and founder of tastychomps.com, high-lighting our local Orlando restaurants, markets, and growing food scene. In 2017, he was inducted into the Or-lando Sentinel Culinary Hall of Fame. He is also featured in the Orlando Sen-tinel’s ‘‘Central Florida 100,’’ a weekly opinion column featuring 100 of the most influential people in local govern-ment, politics, and culture. He is most thankful for his parents; his life partner, May Wong; and their firstborn daughter, Victoria, who brings their family much joy and hope for the future and new dreams for the American Dream. For that, Ricky Ly, we honor you. 
HONORING VALERIE BOEY  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, in honor of Asian American Pacific Islander Herit-age Month, I would like to recognize Valerie Boey. Valerie Boey is the president of the Asian American Journalist Associa-tion’s Florida chapter. She had been in television news for more than 20 years in the Sunshine State and currently works for FOX 35 News in Orlando. As an award-winning television re-porter, Valerie is proud to represent her Chinese American heritage on the evening news. In a world where crime often dominates headlines, she focuses on faith to help those who have been affected. Valerie not only mentors Asian jour-nalist students, but also journalism students of all backgrounds, as well as young professionals. She teaches them to report all sides of a story. Valerie encourages her students to be the best they can be, knowing hard work pays off, whatever their heritage is, for being different is an honor, not an entitlement. Valerie assists the Florida Associ-ated Press Broadcasters, applauding fellow journalists around the State on their achievements and taking part in the college workshop. She also volun-teers her time with the Negro Spiritual Scholarship Foundation golf tour-nament, which benefits young music students. As a member of the Orange County Asian Committee, Valerie tries to bring people of Asian American herit-age together, recognizing their talents and applauding their efforts to make this community better. Valerie’s father, Bob, was born in Singapore and grow up in Hong Kong. Her mother, Doris, was born in New York. She believes they both inspire her to carry on the importance of their Asian culture. Valerie is happily married to Jeff Ramsey, who has taught her all about his Southern roots and appreciation for barbecue; but she, too, has taught him an appreciation for dim sum and the essence of feng shui. For that, Valerie Boey, we honor you. HONORING KHALID MUNEER  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, in honor of Asian American Pacific Islander Herit-age Month, I would like to recognize Khalid Muneer. Born in Pakistan, Khalid’s family moved to the United Kingdom in 1961, where he graduated from the Univer-sity of Aston in Birmingham. After 17 years in investment banking and working in eight countries, he moved to Florida and built a successful real estate commercial business. At the same time, he devoted his time and passion for civic duties to the Asian community. Khalid Muneer has been a very active leader in our community in central Florida. He was the President of the Asian American Chamber of Commerce CFL in 2016, won the International Leadership Foundation Award in 2017 for his accomplishments, and was on the top 100 most influential people list reported by the Orlando Sentinel. This year, Khalid is president of the Amer-ican Muslim Chamber of Commerce of Central Florida. Khalid is also a husband, father, grandfather, and has dedicated his work to strengthening the Asian Amer-ican community in central Florida. For that, Mr. Khalid Muneer, we honor you. HONORING NEAL ABID  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, in honor of Asian American Pacific Islander Herit-age Month, I would like to recognize Neal Abid. Neal Abid is the executive director of the largest nonprofit Arab American Community Center in Florida, a trust-ed resource and advocate for the Flor-ida Arabic community. Mr. Abid is a passionate, philan-thropic outreach provider through the AACCFL. Since Mr. Abid’s appoint-ment as executive director of the AACCFL, he has overseen the expan-sion of resource offices in Orlando, Tampa, and Jacksonville. Over the past 4 years, the AACCFL charity services have assisted over 15,000 community members through its healthcare services, refugee assistance programs, and employment services, as well as many other services based out of the AACC Orlando headquarters. Mr. Abid is the founder of the largest annual community Arab festival that attracts over 35,000 attendees, com-bined, in Orlando, Tampa, and Miami, annually. Mr. Abid is notably recognized on the national level for his leadership role in the community. He is a passionate ad-vocate for equality, human rights, women’s rights, healthcare equality, and political engagement. Mr. Abid is an American Palestinian who resides in Orlando with his lovely wife and four beautiful children. For that, Mr. N
EAL Abid, we honor you. 
HONORING IMAM ABDUL RAHMAN PATEL  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, in honor of Asian American Pacific Islander Herit-age Month, I would like to recognize Imam Abdul Rahman Patel. Imam Abdul Rahman Patel is the head of the Imam Council of Central Florida, serving our community for over 20 years. Imam Patel works with community leaders, government offi-cials, educators, and the community to foster peace, unity, and love. He has traveled to over 60 countries and brings his experience and under-standing of different cultures to light by advocating across economic, social, religious, and cultural spheres. His love for the entire community is exempli-fied had his actions. He assisted in establishing the first free healthcare clinic in Osceola Coun-ty, in our district, and provided much- needed medication and resources to the Victim Service Center of Central Flor-ida, ensuring no person in need is turned away due to lack of funds or medication. Imam Patel has joined forces with local domestic abuse shelters, working to educate the community on domestic violence and providing support to local shelters through co-hosting events, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.113 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4692 May 23, 2018 
providing medical services, meals, and support to survivors of domestic vio-lence. As a Muslim American leader, he started some of the first institutions for Islamic education within the United States. For two decades, he has been devoted to serving the commu-nity. He has also hosted and organized community townhall meetings with local government. To promote unity, shortly after the Pulse nightclub tragedy in 2016, Imam Patel, along with other community leaders, organized an event to honor the victims from Osceola County. Since then, he has actively worked with other leaders to reach out and ex-press support for central Floridians of all backgrounds. As a community leader and a father of eight children, Imam Patel has championed many causes to inspire to-getherness among everyone in central Florida, vowing to spread love without limitation. For that, Imam Abdul Patel, we honor you. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. D
ONOVAN (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of a meeting with President Donald J. Trump in New York State regarding combating the deadly MS–13 gang and other violent criminal gang organiza-tions. Mr. Z
ELDIN (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of of-ficial travel with the President of the United States. Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today and May 24. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 7 p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until to-morrow, Thursday, May 24, 2018, at 9 a.m. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself, Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. N
ADLER , Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Ms. G RANGER , Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. B UCK, and Mr. E NGEL ): H.R. 5924. A bill to provide for the consid-eration of a definition of anti-Semitism for the enforcement of Federal antidiscrimina-tion laws concerning education programs or activities; to the Committee on the Judici-ary, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GOWDY (for himself, Mr. CUM-
MINGS , Mr. M EADOWS , and Mr. C ON-
NOLLY ): H.R. 5925. A bill to codify provisions relat-ing to the Office of National Drug Control, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Foreign Affairs, the Judiciary, Intelligence (Permanent Select), and Appro-priations, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. KEATING (for himself and Mr. R
OTHFUS ): H.R. 5926. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to issue guide-lines for prescribing naloxone, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SOTO (for himself and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ): H.R. 5927. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to expand, intensify, and coordinate research and other activities of the National Institutes of Health with re-spect to prenatal opioid exposure and neo-natal abstinence syndrome; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. POLIS (for himself, Mrs. C
ARO-
LYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. M OORE , Ms. A
DAMS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , and Mr. P
ERLMUTTER ): H.R. 5928. A bill to repeal the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, forgive all outstanding Federal student loans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committees on Education and the Workforce, Natural Resources, and En-ergy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. CLARKE of New York (for her-self, Ms. P
LASKETT , and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ): H.R. 5929. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to provide for small business con-cerns located in the United States Virgin Is-lands, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Small Business. By Mr. BARTON (for himself and Mr. R
USH): H.R. 5930. A bill to strengthen protections relating to the online collection, use, and disclosure of personal information of chil-dren and minors, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BIGGS: H.R. 5931. A bill to repeal the authority to establish certain special volunteer programs under the Domestic Volunteer Service Act; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California (for herself, Mr. D
EUTCH , and Mrs. N
APOLITANO ): H.R. 5932. A bill to increase the recruit-ment and retention of school-based mental health services providers by low-income local educational agencies; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for him-self and Mr. D
EUTCH ): H.R. 5933. A bill to prevent substance abuse and reduce demand for illicit narcotics; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, and in addition to the Com-mittees on the Judiciary, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. CRAWFORD: H.R. 5934. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 105 Highway 297 North in Dyess, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Johnny Cash Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (for himself, Mr. ROSKAM , Mr. B OST, Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. L
AHOOD, Mr. S HIMKUS , Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. R USH, Mr. F OS-
TER, Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , and Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ): H.R. 5935. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1355 North Meridian Road in Harristown, Illi-nois, as the ‘‘Logan S. Palmer Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. FOSTER (for himself, Mr. C
OHEN , and Mr. R ASKIN ): H.R. 5936. A bill to amend the National Se-curity Act of 1947 to require the appointment by the President of the Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs to be made by and with the advice and consent of the Senate; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, and Intelligence (Perma-nent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 5937. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 100 Calle Alondra in San Juan, Puerto Rico, as the ‘‘65th Infantry Regiment Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 5938. A bill to amend the VA Choice and Quality Employment Act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a vacancy and recruitment database to facili-tate the recruitment of certain members of the Armed Forces to satisfy the occupational needs of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to establish and implement a training and certification program for intermediate care technicians in that Department, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself and Mr. C
OLE): H.R. 5939. A bill to amend the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation Act; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire (for herself, Mrs. L
OVE, and Mrs. D IN-
GELL ): H.R. 5940. A bill to require the Secretary of Defense to submit to Congress a report on victims in military criminal investigative organization reports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Ms. N OR-
TON): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.115 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4693 May 23, 2018 
H.R. 5941. A bill to prevent child injuries and deaths by firearms; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. LEE (for herself, Mr. A
GUILAR , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Ms. B ASS, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. B ROWN  of Maryland, Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Ms. J UDY CHU of California, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C
ORREA , Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. E LLISON , Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. G OMEZ , Mr. A L G
REEN of Texas, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M
ENG, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. R ICH-
MOND , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. R
USH, Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. T
AKANO , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , and Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI ): H.R. 5942. A bill to improve the health of minority individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Agriculture, Education and the Workforce, the Budget, the Judiciary, Vet-erans’ Affairs, Armed Services, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5943. A bill to amend the Carl D. Per-kins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 to improve professional development for career and technical educators; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5944. A bill to improve career and technical education by providing improved educational opportunities and financial as-sistance for career and technical educators; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. MOORE (for herself, Mr. K
IND, Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mrs. D
INGELL , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON  of Texas, Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. K ILDEE , and Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas): H.R. 5945. A bill to encourage, enhance, and integrate Green Alert plans throughout the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. MURPHY of Florida (for her-self and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ): H.R. 5946. A bill to provide that Members of Congress shall not be paid if Congress has not approved a concurrent resolution on the budget and passed the regular appropriations bills on a timely basis, to eliminate auto-matic pay adjustments for Members of Con-gress, to prohibit the use of funds provided for the official travel expenses of Members of Congress and other officers and employees of the legislative branch for first-class airline accommodations, to establish a lifetime ban on lobbying by former Members of Congress, to prohibit consideration in the House of Representatives of measures lacking demon-strable bipartisan support, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, the Judiciary, and Rules, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 5947. A bill to repeal the Asia Founda-tion Act, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. PETERSON (for himself, Mr. GIANFORTE , and Mr. K INGof Iowa): H.R. 5948. A bill to exempt motor carriers that own or operate 10 or fewer commercial vehicles from the electronic logging device mandates, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. PETERSON (for himself, Mr. G
IANFORTE , and Mr. K INGof Iowa): H.R. 5949. A bill to exempt certain motor carriers engaged in agricultural business from the electronic logging device require-ments, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD (for herself, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. S
OTO, Mr. V ELA, Mr. G ALLEGO , and Mrs. N
APOLITANO ): H.R. 5950. A bill to protect children af-fected by immigration enforcement actions; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SCHIFF (for himself, Mr. M
OULTON , and Ms. J ACKSON LEE): H.R. 5951. A bill to establish the Veterans Crisis Response Corps, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, Foreign Affairs, and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. ROSKAM: H.R. 5924. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 of the Constitution. By Mr. GOWDY: H.R. 5925. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. Art. I, Sec. 8, cl. 14, relating to the Congress’s power ‘‘to make rules for the Government . . .’’; U.S. Const. Art. I, Sec. 8, cl. 3, relating to the Congress’s power ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’; and U.S. Const. Art. I, Sec. 8, cl. 18 relating to the Congress’s power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ By Mr. KEATING: H.R. 5926. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SOTO H.R. 5927. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. POLIS H.R. 5928. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Ms. CLARKE of New York: H.R. 5929. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: the power granted to Congress under Arti-cle I of the United States Constitution and it subsequent amendments, and further clari-fied and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. BARTON: H.R. 5930. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 of the Con-stitution states: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. By Mr. BIGGS: H.R. 5931. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: H.R. 5932. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Art. 1, Sec. 8 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: H.R. 5933. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts, and Excises shall be uniform throughout the Unites States. Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Office thereof. By Mr. CRAWFORD: H.R. 5934. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article One, Section Eight By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 5935. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7: To establish Post Offices and post Roads. By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 5936. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 Clause 14 of the Con-stitution. By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 5937. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L23MY7.100 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4694 May 23, 2018 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1 of the U.S. Constitu-tion ‘‘All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 of the U.S. Constitution Congress shall have the power . . . ‘‘To es-tablish Post Offices and post Roads.’’ By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 5938. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section I of the U.S. Constitu-tion ‘‘All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Constitution Congress shall have the power . . . ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 5939. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. art. I, §§1 and 8. By Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire: H.R. 5940. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 provides Con-gress with the power to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces. By Mr. LANGEVIN: H.R. 5941. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Ms. LEE: H.R. 5942. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5943. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5944. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 5945. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mrs. MURPHY of Florida: H.R. 5946. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact the Foster Accountability, Integrity, Trust, and Honor (FAITH) in Congress Act pursuant to Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, the Necessary and Proper Clause. Additionally, Article 1, Sec-tion 5, Clause 2 supports the ability of the House to determine the rules of its pro-ceedings and punish its Members for dis-orderly behavior. By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 5947. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 7 By Mr. PETERSON: H.R. 5948. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. PETERSON: H.R. 5949. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD: H.R. 5950. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. SCHIFF: H.R. 5951. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, clause 18 (Necessary and Proper Clause). f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 350: Mr. P OEof Texas. H.R. 377: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida. H.R. 398: Mr. M
ITCHELL . H.R. 630: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 669: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia. H.R. 750: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H.R. 785: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida. H.R. 795: Mr. G
ALLEGO and Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 930: Mr. C
ORREA and Mr. G IBBS. H.R. 1038: Mr. T
HORNBERRY and Mr. K INGof Iowa. H.R. 1114: Mr. S
IRES, Mr. B RADY of Penn- sylvania, and Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 1150: Mr. S
IMPSON and Mr. N UNES . H.R. 1187: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 1201: Mr. T
URNER and Mr. R OYCE of California. H.R. 1439: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 1587: Mrs. D
EMINGS . H.R. 1615: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 1683: Mr. G
AETZ , Mr. P ANETTA , and Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 1759: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 1784: Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 1821: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 1828: Mrs. D
EMINGS and Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 1896: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 1904: Mr. S
CHIFF and Mr. H ARRIS . H.R. 1954: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 1957: Mr. R
USH. H.R. 1960: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 2073: Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 2092: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois and Mr. V
ELA. H.R. 2095: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 2309: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 2315: Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. K INZINGER , Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Mrs. D
EMINGS . H.R. 2432: Mr. S
IRES and Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 2556: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 2584: Mr. L
ONGand Mr. S MITH of Wash- ington. H.R. 2598: Mr. S
MITH of Washington and Mr. C
OOPER . H.R. 2651: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 2676: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 2871: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 2876: Ms. JAYAPAL and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 2913: Miss R
ICEof New York and Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 2942: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 3331: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 3617: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 3635: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 3738: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 3841: Mr. C
URTIS . H.R. 3875: Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 3913: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 3944: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 4006: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. M
OULTON , and Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 4133: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 4143: Ms. S
A´NCHEZ . H.R. 4306: Mr. M
OULTON and Mr. T EDLIEU of California. H.R. 4454: Mr. H
ARPER . H.R. 4536: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 4732: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 4918: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 4953: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 4957: Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 4962: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 5011: Mr. C
LAY, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. F
UDGE , and Mr. J EFFRIES . H.R. 5060: Mrs. D
EMINGS . H.R. 5067: Mr. A
LLEN . H.R. 5090: Miss R
ICEof New York and Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 5096: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 5105: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 5171: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 5176: Mr. W
ALDEN and Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN . H.R. 5223: Mr. C
ARBAJAL and Mr. V IS-
CLOSKY . H.R. 5261: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 5272: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 5332: Mr. A
LLEN . H.R. 5337: Mr. F
LORES . H.R. 5353: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 5358: Mr. R
USSELL and Ms. G RANGER . H.R. 5385: Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Ms. B LUNT  R
OCHESTER , and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 5395: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 5429: Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. C
LAY, and Ms. S TEFANIK . H.R. 5455: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H.R. 5472: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 5473: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 5587: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 5603: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 5609: Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 5665: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 5671: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 5684: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 5685: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 5686: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 5687: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 5711: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 5713: Ms. B
ORDALLO and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 5810: Mr. W
ALDEN and Mrs. B LACK -
BURN . H.R. 5812: Mr. H
ARRIS . H.R. 5832: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 5848: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 5861: Mr. S
MUCKER and Mr. S AMJOHN-
SONof Texas. H.R. 5870: Mr. C
RAMER and Mr. G IBBS. H.R. 5876: Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. C
RAMER , and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 5891: Mr. B
OST. H.R. 5899: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 5902: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 5921: Mr. L
AMBORN and Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire. H.J. Res. 126: Mr. D
ESAULNIER and Mr. W
ELCH . H. Con. Res. 81: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H. Res. 15: Mr. B
ACON and Mr. B UCHANAN . H. Res. 28: Mr. K
INZINGER . H. Res. 31: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H. Res. 199: Mr. S
OTO. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.044 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4695 May 23, 2018 
H. Res. 367: Mr. L EWIS of Georgia. H. Res. 652: Mr. K
HANNA . H. Res. 673: Ms. M
ENG. H. Res. 741: Mr. H
ARRIS . H. Res. 763: Mr. R
USH. H. Res. 781: Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. B
ARTON , and Mr. C HABOT . H. Res. 785: Mr. H
UNTER , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. D
AVIDSON . H. Res. 870: Mr. WILSON of South Carolina and Mr. L
AMALFA . H. Res. 881: Mr. W
ALBERG and Mr. B ANKS of Indiana. H. Res. 896: Ms. A
DAMS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. P
LASKETT , Mr. S OTO, Ms. F RANKEL  of Florida, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. M
OORE , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H. Res. 907: Mr. P
ALAZZO . DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H. Res. 774: Mr. L AMALFA . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.030 H23MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2843 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, MAY 23, 2018 No. 85 
Senate 
The Senate met at 11 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Gracious God, teach us to number our days that we may have hearts of wisdom. Today, guide our lawmakers. Keep their minds clear and clean and uncluttered by cares as they follow Your leading. Lord, make them aware that they are the recipients of Your unconditional love. Enable them to fill swift hours with mighty deeds that will help keep America strong. May Your Kingdom of love and righteousness come within them, motivating them to contribute worthily to the abiding peace of hu-manity. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The majority leader is recognized. 
f 
WORKPLACE HARASSMENT LEGISLATION Mr. M
CCONNELL. First, Mr. Presi-dent, on an important piece of internal business, workplace harassment is un-acceptable anywhere—end of story. The U.S. Congress is certainly no excep-tion. Here, as everywhere, employees must be free to work without fearing that they will be the victims of harass-ment. So a consensus emerged among Mem-bers in both the House and the Senate that we should do more to hold people accountable, protect staff, and help to prevent harassment in the first place. That is exactly what will happen under the proposal that our colleagues Sen-ator BLUNT and Senator K LOBUCHAR  have developed. These colleagues of ours deserve big thanks. Their thorough, bipartisan col-laboration has produced an impressive and comprehensive proposal to reform how Congress handles claims of viola-tions of Federal workplace laws, par-ticularly, instances of harassment. It will help this institution take an im-portant step forward. Their proposed reform achieves many of the important goals that Members of both parties have put forward in recent months. There was widespread con-sensus that Members of Congress should reimburse taxpayers for the cost of claims or settlements. This re-form achieves that and more. It re-quires Members to pay for any harass-ment claims, for any protected class, where the Member has personally en-gaged in misconduct. We sought to eliminate obstacles that made it more difficult for employ-ees to file claims. This reform achieves that. It eliminates the mandatory counseling, the mandatory mediation, and the mandatory cooling-off period that current law requires employees to go through before filing a claim of a workplace violation. We wanted to ensure disclosure when there are settlements or awards for in-stances of sexual harassment. This re-form achieves that and more. It man-dates that every instance where a Member is found to have personally committed any type of harassment be publicly reported. This is an entirely appropriate pack-age of reforms that every Member of this body should be able to support. It builds on the foundation laid by Sen-ator G
RASSLEY ’s landmark Congres-sional Accountability Act back in 1995. Our friend from Iowa led the way in making sure that Congress had to live by the workplace laws that it required of others, and it builds on other impor-tant steps this institution has recently taken, such as updating and strength-ening the anti-harassment training that all Senate employees must com-plete. Here is what all this adds up to: a clearer, easier, and more timely proc-ess for those who seek to file harass-ment claims and greater personal ac-countability and transparency in the event that misconduct occurs. The Democratic leader and I are grateful to Senator BLUNT and Senator K
LOBUCHAR for their hard work in as-sembling this proposal. It has our en-thusiastic support. 
f 
VA MISSION BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, now on an unrelated matter, today the Sen-ate will take action to fulfill an impor-tant promise. Our Nation’s all-volun-teer Armed Forces consist of brave men and women who answer the call to serve, often at personal risk. In grati-tude for their selfless sacrifice, we promise them the accessible and qual-ity care they have earned when they return home. Veterans of all eras rely on this promise as they carry home the physical and mental reminders of their service, but all too often the VA has fallen short of meeting their needs with facilities that were too far away, lines and waiting lists that were too long, and options for treatment that were too limited. The shortcomings of the Federal bu-reaucracy were apparent. Veterans waiting months to see a physician under their VA benefits—let alone dying before receiving treatment— meant that we were clearly falling short of our commitment to them. Congress had to act. So in 2014 a bi-partisan coalition of 91 Senators and 420 Members of the House took a crit-ical first step by passing the Veterans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.000 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2844 May 23, 2018 
Choice Act. For the past 3 years, the Veterans Choice Program has con-nected millions of American heroes with the care and resources they need and so richly deserve. It removed arbi-trary barriers that blocked veterans from convenient care, and it sent a clear message to those who have suf-fered because of a dysfunctional sys-tem: We have your back. But much more work remained. The Veterans Choice Program has allowed over 23,000 Kentucky veterans to seek care in their own communities just last year, but some veterans are still left out. I recently heard from one Ken-tucky Navy veteran who lives 36 miles from the nearest VA provider. He served aboard an aircraft carrier, the USS Forrestal, and sustained a hand in-jury that still requires regular care. Under current law, because he lives 36 miles and not 41 miles from that fa-cility, he can’t receive covered treat-ment from a nearby provider who is right in his home community. He has to make a round trip several times a year to receive care. I know virtually all my colleagues have heard stories just like that one, which made it clear that Congress’s work was far from fin-ished. So Chairman I
SAKSON and his col-leagues took the lead to develop this new legislation, which borrows from 15 different Senate-introduced bills. The victories it contains are numerous. The VA MISSION Act removes those arbi-trary time and distance requirements that limit eligibility for outside care. It replaces those one-size-fits-all poli-cies with a conversation between vet-erans and their own doctors about what works best. This will empower more veterans to access the care they need, when and where they need it. It also allows VA professionals to offer telemedicine and partner with community care providers, creating a more comprehensive network to keep veterans from falling through the cracks. It consolidates seven separate com-munity care programs into one stream-lined path, and it expands support for military families by broadening the VA comprehensive assistance for family caregivers to include veterans of all generations. These are just some of the reasons why this bipartisan, bicameral bill has earned the support of 38 veterans advo-cacy organizations. In a joint letter they call it a ‘‘historic opportunity to improve the lives of veterans, their families, and caregivers.’’ President Trump agrees. So does a large bipartisan majority in the House. After we vote this afternoon, I hope we can say the Senate does as well. Let’s pass this worthy legislation and give our veterans more of the support they have earned. NOMINATIONS OF BRIAN MONT-GOMERY AND JELENA MCWILLIAMS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on another matter, later today we will vote on two more qualified nominees for important positions in the Trump administration. First comes Brian Montgomery, the President’s nominee to serve as Assist-ant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development and head of the Federal Housing Administration. His formi-dable background includes previous service as Federal Housing Commis-sioner from 2005 to 2009 and as the Act-ing Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. It is no wonder that our colleagues on the Banking Committee reported his nomination favorably with a bipartisan voice vote. I am glad we can vote to confirm him today without any further delay. After Mr. Montgomery, we will vote to advance the nomination of Jelena McWilliams, whom the President has chosen to chair the FDIC Board of Di-rectors. Ms. McWilliams’ resume spans the government and the private sector. As a lawyer, policy expert, and execu-tive, she has studied financial regula-tions from all angles. She understands the FDIC’s role in safeguarding Ameri-cans’ holdings, overseeing the banking sector, and reforming inefficient poli-cies that create obstacles for families and job creators. Ms. McWilliams is especially atten-tive to the difficulties facing smaller community banks. In her testimony before the Banking Committee, she ex-plained how government regulations inflict outsized compliance costs that can be too much for Main Street lend-ers to bear. She was also examined by our col-leagues on the Banking Committee and was also reported out by a bipartisan voice vote. I encourage all my col-leagues to join me in voting to advance her nomination later today. 
f 
REGULATORY REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, fi-nally, speaking of community banks, yesterday marked a big step forward for local lenders across the Nation that have been crushed by the regulatory burden of Dodd-Frank. Yesterday after-noon, our colleagues in the House passed the Economic Growth, Regu-latory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act, which the Senate had passed ear-lier this year. Now it will head to President Trump’s desk for his signa-ture. This is the culmination of extensive bipartisan work, led by Senator C
RAPO  and his colleagues on the Banking Committee, to give smaller community lenders relief from Obama-era over-regulation. I frequently discuss how our Demo-cratic colleagues’ top-down policy agenda worked well for a select few but left much of the rest of the Nation be-hind. This issue is a perfect illustration of that. Our Democratic colleagues pro-duced a hastily written rule book for Wall Street and then forced it on the rest of America, including community banks and credit unions in my State of Kentucky and across the Nation. These local institutions are vital eco-nomic contributors. Their unique abil-ity to build relationships and local con-nections are why community banks handle a majority of all U.S. small business loans and almost 80 percent of agricultural loans. That is why re-search suggests that closure of a single physical bank in a low-income neigh-borhood can reduce lending to nearby businesses by almost 40 percent. Community banks and communities that depend on them needed relief from Dodd-Frank. They needed sensible re-form that streamlined that inefficient, imprecise, one-size-fits-all regulatory approach. Thanks to Chairman CRAPO , our Banking Committee colleagues, Chairman H
ENSARLING , and our col-leagues in the House, that is exactly what this Congress and this President are poised to deliver. This legislation is a major bipartisan achievement. I am pleased that we are adding it to last year’s historic tax re-form, our record use of the Congres-sional Review Act to roll back over-regulation, and all the other policy ac-complishments that are helping to re-ignite American prosperity. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
WORKPLACE HARASSMENT LEGISLATION Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, first, some good news. As the majority lead-er noted, Senators K
LOBUCHAR and B
LUNT have agreed on legislation to overhaul the way Congress handles workplace claims to protect staff and others from harassment. It certainly needed an overhaul. Shamefully, the current system—soon, hopefully, the old system—didn’t do enough to pro-tect victims and hold perpetrators of workplace harassment accountable. Among the other crucial reforms, the Blunt-Klobuchar legislation would do away with mandatory waiting periods that too often discouraged complaints and let them languish. It would also make important changes to ensure that Members of the House and Senate are held personally accountable and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.002 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2845 May 23, 2018 
liable if they have committed harass-ment. So I want to commend Senators K
LO-
BUCHAR and B LUNT , who worked with many Members, including Senators G
ILLIBRAND , M URRAY , M CCASKILL , F
EINSTEIN , HARRIS , and C ORTEZ MASTO , for putting this together. I also thank my colleague, the majority leader. He and I were involved and are both co-sponsors of this legislation. It is an ex-ample, again, of the growing sprouts of bipartisanship coming forward in this body. I hope we can pass it quickly, with overwhelming, if not unanimous, support. 
f 
RUSSIA INVESTIGATION Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, on an-other matter, this morning, with in-creasing desperation, President Trump tweeted several inaccuracies about the special counsel’s investigation. No one should take the bait. I doubt very few who are looking at this in a non-partisan way will. The recent demands from President Trump and his allies are just another part of a shameful campaign of harass-ment, intimidation, and obstruction of the Russia probe. It is all too clear that President Trump and his allies want to change the subject away from the duly constituted investigation into Russia meddling in the 2016 election and toward another fabricated scandal. It began with conspiracies cooked up by Representative N
UNES from ‘‘deep state’’ leaks to unmasking requests, claims of phone taps at Trump Tower, Uranium One, N
UNES ’s midnight run to the White House, and the infamous Nunes memo. Now House conserv-atives, with the aid of the White House, seem to have successfully badgered DOJ officials into giving them a brief-ing on sources and methods of an FBI investigation. That is unprecedented and so very wrong. Everyone knows what they are doing. They are hunting desperately for any scrap of information or innuendo that might help them sully the investiga-tion or provide them a sneak peek at any evidence the FBI may have against the Trump campaign. If they have to distort and spread falsehoods about what is revealed in any meeting, they will, and for the President of the United States to pressure the Justice Department to reveal details and docu-ments pertaining to an active inves-tigation of the President’s campaign for the purpose of denigrating it is a gross and unprecedented abuse of power, unlike any we have seen in a very long time. That is why so many people don’t trust this President. The only thing more outrageous than this meeting occurring at all is the fact that it is partisan. It is crystal clear that Representative N
UNES intends to interfere with the investigation. He is not a down-the-middle investigator looking for truth. Everyone has seen that. N
UNES gave up any pretense of objectivity long ago in that ridiculous, late-night charade to the White House. Shamefully, someone I respect and someone I like, Speaker RYAN, is allow-ing this to happen. It will forever be a blot on his record. He can’t be so afraid of the hard right and the President that he would allow this kind of ‘‘ba-nana republic’’ behavior to go forward, and that is what N
UNES is doing. Regrettably, a few of my Senate col-leagues seem to be allowing it to hap-pen as well. Yesterday, I saw that a few of my friends on the other side sent a letter requesting to attend the meeting and supporting it but making no men-tion of the fact that not a single Demo-crat was invited. My Republican friends know we have a process for dealing with the highly sensitive information of this type. It is called the Gang of 8. It is bipartisan. It has worked well. Any meeting between the Justice Department and Capitol Hill about such information should only be attended by Members of the Gang of 8. So this morning, Leader P
ELOSI and I are sending a letter to Attorney Gen-eral Rosenstein and Director Wray to request they reconsider holding the meeting at all and, if they move for-ward, to do so in a bipartisan fashion with the Gang of 8. If the meeting goes forward as planned right now—only partisan, only the worst actors on the House side in the room—no one should trust anything they say coming out of that meeting. It will be a sham. It will be a sham. In our letter, we remind Attorney General Rosenstein and Director Wray they have a higher responsibility. I know they are being pushed around by the White House and by the White House’s puppets like Congressman N
UNES , but they must resist for the grand tradition of impartial justice under the law that has been in the veins of this country, in the bones of this country since 1789. To let this hap-pen is disgraceful, and the blame really falls on the President and his puppets like, unfortunately, Chairman N
UNES  and some of the others who seem to be going along with him. One other thing I might say though that I think should give Americans some solace is, I do not believe for one second that Special Counsel Mueller will be deterred. All this sideshow, all this attempt to discredit him and his investigation with all kinds of frivo-lous, silly, and often false statements and activities will not deter Mueller. The American people have the utmost confidence in him. He is a strong man. He is a quiet man. He happens to be a Republican appointed by the Presi-dent’s own appointees—hardly some nefarious representative who came out of nowhere from the deep state. Mueller is going to go right ahead and see this investigation through to its natural conclusion. He will follow the facts where they lead. Americans will have confidence that if he finds something, it is real and, if he doesn’t, he is not whitewashing a thing. That is how he has gone about the investiga-tion so far. It has resulted in dozens of indictments, several guilty pleas of top Trump campaign officials. When the President derogates Mueller and the in-vestigation, he doesn’t speak of any facts or knowledge; it is just wild alle-gations of something thrashing about, maybe because he realizes there might be something there. Who knows? Special Counsel Mueller is a serious, quiet, diligent man, a lifelong Repub-lican, a dedicated marine, universally respected. The American people can be assured that his investigation will not be blown off course by this hurricane of rightwing lies and intimidation coming from the President and his minions. One final point on this topic, with several of his recent claims, it is clear President Trump lacks self-awareness. President Trump continues to peddle the myth that a deep state bias against his Presidency is driving the Russia probe, despite the fact that an active FBI investigation into his campaign was kept secret during his election while his opponent’s was made public. If there was a deep state trying to hurt someone, they did a lot more to hurt Hillary Clinton than Donald Trump during the campaign. Everyone knows that. If the deep state were truly out to get President Trump, they would have made the active FBI investigation into his campaign’s shady dealings with Russia a matter for the public record while he was running. This same lack of awareness—maybe hypocrisy—is ap-parent when the President reportedly uses an unsecured cell phone for some of his communications. Can you be-lieve that after all the hay Donald Trump and his allies made about Sec-retary Clinton’s handling of sensitive information, that the President—once in office—uses an unsecured cell phone, despite the fact that so many around him have told him that might be dan-gerous? It is bad for our national secu-rity, and his double standard is nothing short of outrageous. f 
GAS PRICES Mr. SCHUMER. Finally, Mr. Presi-dent, gas prices. Few things matter more to the average consumer than the price of a gallon of gasoline. When gas prices go through the roof, it eats away at a family’s income, leaving less to cover the cost of anything else—gro-ceries, medicine, tuition, a nice sum-mer vacation, which families cherish. Recent data suggests that gas prices are about to climb even higher this summer, and experts suggest that ac-tions and inactions on the part of the Trump administration are a major piece of that story. According to energy analysts and ex-perts, President Trump’s decision to pull out of the Iran deal led to higher oil prices. OPEC has decided to cut pro-duction, also raising prices. Even though President Trump tweeted that OPEC’s decision ‘‘will not be accept-ed,’’ the American people are still 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.003 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2846 May 23, 2018 
awaiting action from the President that will help America’s motorists. He is good pals with the Crown Prince, who is running Saudi Arabia with the heads of the United Arab Emirates. He seems to have a good relationship with Putin. Why doesn’t he jawbone them to at least stop constricting production so prices can come down? He isn’t. He will talk to them about other things but not about something so vital to the middle class. As a result, gas prices are headed to-ward $3 a gallon, and the U.S. Energy Information Administration estimates that the average American family can expect to pay $200 more this driving season than last driving season and $250 more than the 2016 driving season. Prices are up more than 60 cents, on average, from the last day Obama was in office until today. Where is Presi-dent Trump? The rising gas prices will, as one Goldman Sachs economist put it, roughly cancel out the 2018 consump-tion boost from tax cuts. Big touting of the tax cuts, but when gasoline prices take it all away, where is our Presi-dent? Whatever benefit working fami-lies might have seen from the Trump tax scam for the rich, if they got any benefit at all, is being wiped out by gas prices, and what about our Big Oil ex-ecutives and oil companies? They got huge tax breaks—huge tax breaks. Why isn’t the consumer seeing any of that at the pump? At the same time our oil companies get huge tax breaks, they raise prices on everybody. How is that helping the middle class? Why isn’t President Trump jawboning them like he does on other issues? Where is he? It is time for the President to stand up to OPEC, to stand up to Big Oil, and do what is necessary to lower gas prices. Remember, once again, the hy-pocrisy of this President. This is the same President who tweeted multiple times that President Obama was to blame for rising gas prices. So I would remind the President that the final price of gas under President Obama was an average of $2.36 a gallon, and the current price under President Trump is $2.92 a gallon and going up. I hope, for the sake of the middle class and those struggling to get there—the folks for whom gas prices really make a difference—that Presi-dent Trump takes immediate action to bring down the cost of gas. He has the power. He can force OPEC to do things by jawboning them. He can force the Big Oil companies to consider lowering their prices, given all the profits they got from his big tax bill. Where is he? I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nomination, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Brian D. Montgomery, of Texas, to be an Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 3:15 p.m. will be equally divided in the usual form. The majority whip. 
CHINA  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, yester-day the Senate Banking Committee passed a very important piece of legis-lation out of the committee by a unan-imous vote. I am very pleased that this legislation, which I will describe in a moment, received that sort of broad bi-partisan support. This is a bill I originally introduced with the senior Senator from Cali-fornia, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , to strengthen the review process of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, which plays a critical role in protecting our national security. The jurisdiction of this Committee on For-eign Investment in the United States hasn’t been updated in more than 40 years, and bad actors like China con-tinue to exploit gaps in the process to acquire sensitive national security know-how, as well as military and dual-use technology from U.S. compa-nies. I want to be quick to say that this is not about labeling foreign investment in the United States as bad. That is not true. Foreign investment is by and large a very good thing. But when our laws are being exploited to target cut-ting-edge, dual-use technology that has national security applications, that is a matter of national security. This is not about banning or labeling foreign investment as being bad. I appreciate Chairman C
RAPO and the Banking Committee’s bipartisan work in advancing this narrowly tailored legislation to close the gaps that I just mentioned and safeguard our national security because I believe it is past time for us to do so. Every day we fail to pass this set of reforms is a day we are putting our future in jeopardy. We need to maintain a sense of ur-gency and realize that when we are talking about CFIUS, or the Com-mittee on Foreign Investment in the United States, there is a much bigger issue at stake, and that is the issue of competing global visions. China makes no secret about the fact that Karl Marx is, in many ways, its national hero. In fact, there was a weeklong celebration in China earlier this month which included a manda-tory study session, led by President Xi, of Marx’s famous work the Communist Manifesto. Events like these in some ways show that China is a wolf in sheep’s clothing. When it tries to present itself as west-ernizing its economy and becoming a friend to the global community of na-tions, China conveniently ignores cer-tain facts about its alternative devel-opment model and state-controlled economy. It also tends to disguise and downplay its overall geopolitical aims, to rewrite the rules of our world order and recreate them in China’s own Com-munist image. Whether it is China’s increasing bel-ligerence in places like the South China Sea, its crushing of internal po-litical dissent, its flagrant human rights violations, or its population con-trols, such as the one-child policy, China has repeatedly shown itself as a power-hungry authoritarian, willing and able to violate the rights of its own people, and dismissive and contemp-tuous of international norms. I am not being hyperbolic. I am not exaggerating. This is just the truth— the hard truth—in front of us, if we will look. So let’s not deceive ourselves otherwise. When China tries to just ‘‘blend in’’ internationally, let us be wary that its rosy rhetoric and mis-leading narrative of cooperation are often camouflage for its true and more troubling aims. As we all know, right now, there are high-level negotiations ongoing be-tween the U.S. executive branch and Chinese Government officials on the very important issue of international trade, but it is important to remember that in the West, belief in free trade is almost axiomatic. In democracies like ours, free trade is based on open mar-kets, the free flow of capital and infor-mation, as well as the rule of law. China, on the other hand, honors none of those things. It doesn’t believe in open markets, it doesn’t believe in the free flow of capital of information, and it be doesn’t believe in the rule of law. That reality is why we need to ap-proach these trade negotiations deli-cately. We need to remain steely-eyed and make sure China isn’t playing us for fools. Of course, we are well aware of the need to tread lightly when it comes to trade. After decades of globalization, any overly broad limits on Chinese in-vestment in the United States could harm American companies that need capital and customers to survive and grow. We need to resist that tempta-tion. China is not just any old trading partner. Its enterprises are state- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.005 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2847 May 23, 2018 
backed, and there is no clear dividing line between the Communist Party and what might otherwise be described as the private sector. There is no distinc-tion. This makes a real difference when it comes to Chinese investments in U.S. companies that are at the cutting edge of developing military dual-use technologies. It means there is a real potential of industrial espionage be-cause you can’t separate private, prof-it-making motives from the govern-ment’s secret-stealing capacities and proclivities, and this means that our national security is vulnerable. In its Made in China 2025 plan, the Chinese Government made clear its in-tent to dominate technologies that will be essential down the road in maintain-ing our economic and military prowess globally. I have a chart here that I would like to display. It is an unclassi-fied slide from one of our intelligence agencies. They provided us an unclassi-fied version so that we could talk about it in public. Many of us on the Armed Services Committee or the In-telligence Committee are privy to clas-sified briefings, but I believe it is im-portant—and I am glad they do too— that we talk about what we can in an open, transparent way so that people can be alerted to what is at risk and what is actually going on. These are China’s strategic goals. Comprehensive national power—they see themselves as a rival to the United States, and they would ultimately like to surpass us when it comes to national power. We know that they believe their economic growth model must be inno-vation-driven; hence, their vacuuming up and relentless search for new, cut-ting-edge technology, including their activities in places like Silicon Valley, where they gobble up startup compa-nies that have long-term potential to advance their economic and national power goals. Obviously, they are also modernizing their military and becom-ing increasingly belligerent in places like the South China Sea in the proc-ess. How does China achieve these stra-tegic goals? Well, it has an elaborate and sophisticated plan. The truth is, they are really not being clandestine or secretive about this. They are pretty much telling us what they are doing, and they are doing it quite well. So their strategic goals include, obvi-ously, their security services, their in-telligence community, their talent re-cruitment programs at American aca-demic institutions, where they hire tal-ent back to China to help them in this process. They create front companies that claim to be non-Chinese related in order to transact business so that they don’t raise suspicion. They engage in an active program of mergers and ac-quisitions of companies in the United States. They make significant invest-ments in science and technology, in-cluding some of the most cutting-edge technologies, like quantum computing and artificial intelligence. They are probably the worst offender in the world when it comes to stealing through the cyber domain—cyber theft. They are very creative in engaging in research partnerships. Joint ventures, one of the gaps that the CFIUS legisla-tion intends to plug, where they realize that this is a gap in our current review process for foreign investment and na-tional security implications—they have done so through joint ventures that aren’t currently subject to that review, where they can get access not only to the intellectual property but also to the know-how. In other words, they could steal blueprints and other intellectual property, but they don’t necessarily know how to make it all work—where the secret sauce is—until they can get access to the know-how through these joint ventures. Then there are their nontraditional collectors. In other words, civilians are used by their intelligence services to get information to vacuum up data— scientific data, our data—that they may think are important to their pur-suit of national power, innovation, and economic growth model, so they use a wide variety of nontraditional collec-tors as well. Of course, in the legal and regulatory environment, an American company can’t do business in China without ba-sically turning over the keys to the government. Again, there is no delinea-tion between the government and the private sector in China. All businesses have to cooperate with the Chinese Government, and the Chinese Govern-ment intermingles that information not only in pursuit of their economic goals but also in pursuit of their mili-tary goals. As I said, these technologies that they are acquiring and seeking to ac-quire include artificial intelligence, ro-botics, quantum computing, and 3D printing. The Chinese Government is spending $300 billion in subsidies to supplant foreign technology suppliers like ours with homegrown alternatives, and a core part of this 2025 plan is ac-quiring intellectual property from the United States. China is not even trying to hide it. They are advertising it, and they are doing it in plain sight. Those and related concerns are what prompted a bipartisan group of 27 Sen-ators recently to write a letter to Sec-retary Mnuchin, Secretary Ross, as well as Ambassador Lighthizer—the U.S. trade Representative. They are all involved in the ongoing trade negotia-tions with China. In that letter, we ex-pressed concerns regarding China’s tar-geting of our technology. As a report issued by the Pentagon recently pointed out, if left unchecked, this targeting could degrade core tech-nological advantages of the U.S. mili-tary. Clearly, the Chinese Communist Party regards these sensitive tech-nologies as essential for China’s mili-tary modernization and is accelerating its efforts to acquire them by any means necessary—stealing them, en-gaging in strategic investments, any way they can do it—whether it is cyber theft, civil-military integration poli-cies, coercion through joint ventures with foreign companies, targeted in-vestment, or Chinese nationals exploit-ing access to such technologies here in the United States. The main point of our letter was not to criticize but to alert our colleagues in the executive branch that there is no question that China is actively seeking to surpass the United States both economically and militarily and become the world’s foremost super-power. It is pretty obvious. It is imperative, though, that neither the Federal Government nor private U.S. companies aid or abet that effort either advertently or inadvertently. Let me conclude by saying that we should all support a peaceful, balanced, and constructive relationship with China, but it has to be realistic when it comes to China’s aims and intentions, and it needs to be informed, as well, by China’s record of deception in the past. When it comes to China, national se-curity isn’t just a pretext for economic protectionism. I think ‘‘national secu-rity’’ is an abuse of that label if it is used just as a pretext for protec-tionism. Like many of our colleagues, I believe strongly in free trade, as I started out saying in these remarks, but when national security and eco-nomic concerns overlap—which they do—there should be no question but that our national security comes first. For those of us who serve on commit-tees of jurisdiction involving intel-ligence or national security, I assure you that the Chinese threat is real, and certain dangers are already taking ef-fect. We need to make sure that not just the committees of jurisdiction un-derstand this and that we are working together with the executive branch when it comes to maintaining this dis-tinction—economic and military—and understand that it is not just about trade; it is about our national security as well. We need to be smart, well in-formed, and clear-eyed when it comes to engaging with an aggressive China. Our inaction has had many negative consequences, and we must aim to pre-vent any future ones. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The Senator from Delaware. 
RUSSIA INVESTIGATION  
Mr. CARPER. Madam President, good morning. I looked down, and the Presiding Officers have changed. It is nice to be here with you this morning. Our Presiding Officer is tied to the military—Army colonel, highly distin-guished. She comes from Iowa and travels home every weekend. She cov-ers every county in Iowa. In a year, I cover every county in Delaware, some-times in a day. We only have 3; she has probably 100 or so. But we have the op-portunity to go home frequently to our respective States and to be with our families and the folks we work for. I love doing it, and I know our Presiding Officer does as well. People come up to me—I go back and forth on the train just about every 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.007 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2848 May 23, 2018 
night and will do that tonight, as I did last night. I feel very fortunate to be able to be that close to my constitu-ents. I serve in the Senate with my col-leagues and actually live in my home State. It is a blessing. I think I am approachable. I know our Presiding Officer is. Senator C
OR-
NYN is approachable. People come up and talk to us all the time, which is good—which is good. Sometimes I just want to say hello. Sometimes I will ask them how they are doing. More often than not, lately, people say: I wouldn’t want your job for anything. You have the worst job in the world. I say: No, no. I feel really lucky. Throughout the 200-and-some years we have been a country, only about 1,800 people have been privileged to serve in this body, and we are fortu-nate that we are able to serve here today, especially during these chal-lenging times. Since the 2016 election, however, a broad number of Delawareans and American citizens have approached me, whether in the Rite Supermarket or on the Amtrak train, to share with me their sense of uncertainty and their fears regarding the trajectory of our country. Specifically, they have ex-pressed their uncertainty about the fu-ture of the special counsel’s investiga-tion and their fears that the President may put his own personal interests above the interests of all Americans and the Constitution of our country. As we pass the 1-year mark following Deputy Attorney General Rob Rosen-stein’s appointment of former FBI Di-rector Bob Mueller to become special counsel, I think it is worth remem-bering why the investigation began, what it has uncovered, where it is headed, and how we can uphold the rule of law and protect the investigation from political interference as we seek to ascertain the truth. During the 2016 Presidential cam-paign, our democracy was attacked by a foreign adversary. No shots were fired. No bombs were dropped. But let me be as clear as I can be. Russia at-tacked the United States of America. Using sophisticated cyber warfare, Russia interfered in our electoral proc-ess. As they have in other Western de-mocracies, Russia borrowed from their tried-and-true playbook. Russian inter-net trolls posed as American citizens on Facebook and on Twitter. Russian shell companies funded political propa-ganda online, all with the intent of pit-ting us against one another and spread-ing this information among the Amer-ican electorate. We also know that our Nation’s elec-tion infrastructure was targeted by the Kremlin and that Russian cyber at-tacks penetrated voting machines in some of our States—not all of our States but a number of them. Thomas Jefferson often wrote about the truth, including a famous descrip-tion of a few truths that we still con-sider self-evident; namely, that all men—I would add all women—are cre-ated equal and entitled to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Later in life, Jefferson remarked that ‘‘we are not afraid to follow truth wherever it may lead, nor to tolerate any error so long as reason is left free to combat it.’’ Those words really ring true today, don’t they? Jefferson also used to say something to this effect, and I am paraphrasing: The people—that is, the people of the United States—know the truth. We won’t make a mistake. If people know the truth, they won’t make a mistake. Since the attack by Russia on our de-mocracy, many patriotic Americans within Federal law enforcement and our intelligence agencies have been heeding Jefferson’s advice and seeking to follow the truth. Here is what we have learned. In a declassified report released in January of 2017, our own intelligence agencies told us that ‘‘Russian Presi-dent Vladimir Putin ordered an influ-ence campaign in 2016 aimed at . . . undermin[ing] public faith in the U.S. democratic process.’’ Further, our own intelligence agen-cies told us that ‘‘Russian efforts to in-fluence the 2016 U.S. presidential elec-tion represent the most recent expres-sion of Moscow’s longstanding desire to undermine the U.S.-led liberal demo-cratic order.’’ Those same agencies, our own intel-ligence agencies—I think there are 17 in all that combined to provide this re-port—told us that it will happen again: ‘‘Moscow will apply lessons learned from its Putin-ordered campaign aimed at the U.S. presidential election to fu-ture influence efforts worldwide, in-cluding against U.S. allies and their election processes.’’ During recent testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee, the Di-rector of National Intelligence and our former Senate colleague Dan Coats—a good friend of many of us from Indi-ana—said these words: ‘‘There should be no doubt that Russia perceives that its past efforts have been successful and views the 2018 midterm U.S. elec-tions as a potential target for Russian influence operations.’’ I will read those words again. Our colleague Dan Coats, who sat over there and served with us for many years—he and I served together in the House before that, and he was an Am-bassador to Germany, but now he is the Director of our National Intelligence— said: ‘‘There should be no doubt that Russia perceives that its past efforts have been successful and views the 2018 midterm U.S. elections as a potential target for Russian influence oper-ations.’’ Then he added: ‘‘Frankly, the United States is under attack.’’ I approve that message. I don’t wel-come that message, but we need to hear that message, and we need to take it to heart. In response, we have a responsi-bility—not to any political party but to our Constitution and to the Amer-ican people—to band together as we would following any attack on our country. We have a responsibility to fight back, to protect and safeguard our democracy, and to ensure that it never happens again. We also have a responsibility—again one that rises above political party—to determine whether the Trump cam-paign may have had inappropriate con-tact with Russia during that campaign. This responsibility is shared between Congress and the executive branch, in-cluding the different committees in the House and Senate, as well as the De-partment of Justice, the FBI, and our intelligence agencies. Unfortunately, our President has rejected this respon-sibility from the start. Let’s not forget that President Trump fired former FBI Director James Comey and publicly stated it was because of the Russia investiga-tion. President Trump told NBC News: ‘‘When I decided to [fire Comey] I said to myself, I said, ‘You know, this Rus-sia thing with Trump and Russia is a made-up story, it’s an excuse by the Democrats for having lost an election that they should’ve won.’’’ Those are President Trump’s words to NBC News. Because Attorney General Sessions has recused himself from matters in-volving Russia and the 2016 election, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosen-stein, a lifelong Republican appointed by President Trump to his current po-sition, made the decision to appoint a special counsel to continue the Russia investigation. Let me take a moment to remind the American people about the background and the character of this special coun-sel. Bob Mueller has spent his life serv-ing our country with distinction. Our Presiding Officer: Army, highly decorated. Yours truly: Navy, 23 years, all in Ac-tive Duty and Reserve. Here is what Bob Mueller received in some of his decorations as an officer in the Marine Corps during the Vietnam war—a war in which I served as well. He received the Bronze Star, and he earned two Navy Commendation Med-als and the Purple Heart—all as an offi-cer in the Marine Corps during the Vietnam war. After a career in Federal law enforce-ment and private law practice, Presi-dent George W. Bush nominated him to serve as our FBI Director, and Bob Mueller guided the FBI in the after-math of the September 11 terrorist at-tacks. A steady hand during uncertain times, Director Mueller gained the re-spect and the admiration of the men and women of the FBI, as well as those of us here on Capitol Hill. During my tenure as chairman and ranking member of the Senate Home-land Security and Governmental Af-fairs Committee, I had the opportunity to meet with Director Mueller on a range of issues, including protecting our Nation from cyber security threats. Let me just say that I think that maybe in the 17 years I have been here, the best briefing I have ever re-ceived on cyber security was from Bob 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.008 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2849 May 23, 2018 
Mueller. The very best briefing I ever received was from Bob Mueller. I also got to know him personally. I know his wife. My wife and I know his wife. We believe that he is guided by very strong core values: Figure out the right thing to do, and just do it—not when it is easy, not when it is expe-dient, but when it is right. Treat other people the way we want to be treated. Focus on excellence in everything we do. If it isn’t perfect, make it better. And when you know you are right, be sure you are right. Never give up. Those are his values. I suspect those are the values of many of us who serve here. Bob Mueller is a man of unimpeach-able integrity. There may be no person better suited to this task of special counsel. I have every confidence that he will follow the truth wherever it may lead him and those he leads. But don’t just take my word for it. When the Deputy Attorney General ap-pointed him to the position of special counsel a little more than a year ago, his selection drew a particularly re-sounding endorsement from those of us who serve here in the Senate—not just on this side but, in particular, on the other side of the aisle. Here is what J
OHNMCCAINsaid about Bob Mueller: ‘‘Robert Mueller is a great choice for special counsel.’’ J
OHN went on to add that he is ‘‘confident that Mr. Mueller will fully investigate all aspects of Russia’s interference in our election.’’ Senator B
URRsaid: ‘‘By having some-one like Bob Mueller head [the] inves-tigation assures the American people that there’s no undue influence, be it here or be it at the other end of Penn-sylvania Avenue or within the Justice Department or FBI.’’ Those are the words of Senator R
ICHARD BURR of North Carolina, a Republican. Even former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, with whom I served in the House, said this about Bob Mueller: ‘‘Robert Mueller is a superb choice to be special counsel. His reputation is impeccable for honesty and integrity.’’ I have not known Robert Mueller for as long as some who serve here, but I have known him for a while. I have had a chance to work with him on some im-portant issues and matters for our country and for the security of our country. He is as fine as any public servant I have ever known and served with. Unfortunately, President Trump has not been as praiseworthy of our special counsel as the Senators I just quoted and the former House Speaker I just quoted. President Trump has repeat-edly used his Twitter account to call Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation a ‘‘witch hunt.’’ A witch hunt? In Feb-ruary, 13 Russian individuals and 3 Russian companies were charged with breaking U.S. law and interfering in the 2016 election—13. The indictment details an elaborate, coordinated scheme to disrupt our election. More-over, three Trump campaign officials have pled guilty to crimes that include lying to the FBI about contacts with Russia during the campaign and a con-spiracy to defraud the United States, and the former Trump campaign man-ager is currently facing similar charges. Despite the progress of the investiga-tion, we know from news reports that President Trump repeatedly has con-sidered firing Director Mueller and Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein. That would be a grave mistake. That would be a very grave mistake. Instead of exercising Presidential leadership and holding Russia account-able and safeguarding our upcoming election, President Trump continues to use dangerous rhetoric directed toward the special counsel’s investigation, as well as at the people who work for us, who serve at the FBI and the Depart-ment of Justice, and who deserve our thanks, not our scorn. Instead of exercising Presidential leadership and holding Russia account-able and safeguarding our upcoming election, President Trump is now de-manding a counterinvestigation. Instead of exercising Presidential leadership and holding Russia account-able in safeguarding our elections, President Trump is now undermining the special counsel’s investigation while risking the identity of American intelligence sources. Despite this failure of Presidential leadership, the special counsel’s inves-tigation must go on. A Methodist minister in Seaford, in Southern Delaware, Pastor Reynolds— a wonderful man, now deceased—gave me advice during my career, particu-larly when I was Governor. One day, he said: Governor, the main thing is to keep the main thing the main thing. I said: Would you say that again, Pastor? He said: The main thing is to keep the main thing the main thing. In this case, I think the main thing is for us to find out and ascertain the truth. Special Counsel Mueller must be allowed to follow the truth, no matter where it leads, no matter how uncom-fortable that makes President Trump or other people, no matter how uncom-fortable that makes Vladimir Putin. We must continue to ensure Special Counsel Mueller has the time and re-sources he needs to follow the truth and bring this investigation to a con-clusion. We must also protect the special counsel from undue political influence, and send a strong signal to President Trump that firing Robert Mueller or Rod Rosenstein, without clear legal justification, would pose a grave threat to our constitutional system of checks and balances. To be clear, we can’t pass a bill to end President Trump’s erratic threats on Twitter, though I know there are a few people—some here—who would sup-port such a proposal. However, here is what we can do: We can pass a bipar-tisan bill, introduced by Senators COONS , TILLIS , BOOKER , and G RAHAM , to protect the special counsel’s investiga-tion. The legislation, called the Special Counsel Independence and Integrity Act, would ensure that the special counsel can only be fired for good cause by a senior Justice Department offi-cial, and the reason must be provided in writing. It will ensure that in the event of his firing, the special counsel can seek expedited judicial review of his removal, and it will also preserve all the documents and materials re-lated to this investigation. I thank our four colleagues—two Democrats, two Republicans—for intro-ducing this bipartisan bill. I support it and urge its swift passage. Passing this bill will demonstrate to the American people that despite the uncertainties and maybe the fears at this moment, we still have a system of checks and balances which still works, as it has been working for 240 years. There are more constitutions in this world modeled after the U.S. Constitu-tion than any other constitution ever. Ours is the most emulated and longest living Constitution on the face of the Earth. It has an intricate system of checks and balances. Our Founding Fa-thers—who convened in Philadelphia 240 years ago—developed the Constitu-tion we know of today and sent it out to the Thirteen Colonies to debate and consider whether they wanted to ratify it. The first State to ratify the Con-stitution was the State of Delaware, and the Constitution is something we especially revere in the First State, but if we allow the system of checks and balances as called for in the Con-stitution to work, it will eventually lead us to the truth—which is what we should all seek, not just in this Senate, not just in the Congress, not just in one party or the other, not just any one State or the other but all of us. If the unthinkable were to happen and the special counsel were fired on a whim, I believe the legislation I just talked about would help us preserve the Russia investigation and the rule of law. Like Special Counsel Mueller, Con-gress must not be afraid to follow the truth. We must not be distracted by the President’s tweets and other at-tempts to undermine this important investigation. We must keep the main thing the main thing. Special Counsel Mueller and his team must be allowed to finish this investigation, and Con-gress—especially our Republican col-leagues—must do our part to protect the investigation and insist the Presi-dent stop the political interference and gamesmanship. Taken together, I believe these ac-tions will allow us to emerge from this especially challenging moment in our country, as we often have following other crises throughout our history. We will emerge stronger and more re-silient, and we will emerge deeply proud that we upheld our responsibility to the Constitution and to the Amer-ican people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.010 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2850 May 23, 2018 
In closing, I want to mention that a lot of times people come up to me— maybe not every day but several times a week. Some are Democrat, some are Republican, some are Independent, some are probably not even registered to vote. They say: I fear for the future of our country. I don’t think it has ever been this bad before. We have never seen it this bad before. I remind them of the words from Harry Truman, who once served in this body as a Senator from Missouri, later as Vice President, and then as Presi-dent of our country. Harry Truman used to say: ‘‘The only thing new in the world is the history you do not know.’’ Think about that, the only thing new in the world is the history we forgot or never learned. My sister and I grew up in the town of Danville, VA, right on the North Carolina border, the last capital of the confederacy. A lot of people think the last capital of the confederacy was Richmond, VA, but it wasn’t. Jefferson Davis and those closest to him got out of Richmond, headed south, and ended up in Danville. That is where my sister and I grew up, and we saw prejudice and discrimination as little kids up close and personal. I will never forget it. There are some people in Danville still fighting the Civil War 150 years afterwards, at least in their minds. During the Civil War, 800,000 men were killed on both sides, and hundreds of thousands of men, women, and chil-dren were wounded, crippled. When the war was over, what happened? When the war was over, our President was as-sassinated. His successor, Andrew Johnson, the Senator from Tennessee, who also served here, was impeached. Somehow, we got through the Civil War, with the assassination of a Presi-dent and the impeachment of a Presi-dent, and we made it to the 20th cen-tury—just in time to fight not one but two World Wars. We won them, led the world and our allies to victory in the Cold War, and led the world out of the Great Depression. Then, when the Sun came up on the 21st century, on January 1, 2001, here is where America was as a nation: We had the strongest economy on Earth, and we had the most productive workforce on Earth. For the first time since 1968, we actually had a balanced budget—not just one, not two, not three but four balanced budgets—the last 4 years of the Clinton Presidency. While we had a Democratic President and administra-tion, we had a Republican Congress. If I am not mistaken, the chairman of the House Budget Committee was very much involved in the balanced budgets, a Republican from Ohio, our friend John Kasich, former Congressman, now Governor of Ohio. So we had the strongest economy and the most productive workforce, four balanced budgets in a row, and, on Jan-uary 1, 2001, we were the most admired Nation on Earth, and we had the strongest force for justice on Earth. That is where we were, after all the bad stuff and all those challenges of 150 years, beginning with and following the Civil War. If we can get through all that, we can get through this. In the words of Jef-ferson, if the American people know the truth, we will not make a mistake. That is what Bob Mueller and his folks are trying to get to, and it is impor-tant that they succeed. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CHINA  
Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, there has been a lot of coverage over the last couple of months and years really—but certainly in the last few days—about the topic of China, ZTE, and trade. I have had a lot of questions about it, both in the hallways from the press and constituents back home and even from family and friends who have in-quired what all the ruckus is about. I thought this was a good opportunity to lay out for my constituents and broad-ly for the American people what is at stake. The first thing I would encourage ev-eryone to do is to separate the two issues, the issue of trade with China and the issue of a specific company called ZTE, which is a phone com-pany—a telecommunications company in the cell industry based in China. They were the fourth largest cell phone company in America, up until very re-cently when they struggled to stay in business. We will talk about that in a moment, but let’s talk about those two things separately. They are not nec-essarily interrelated. On the broader topic of trade and China, the United States has an enor-mous imbalance in trade—as we do with other countries but none like we do in China. A trade imbalance, by the way, in and of itself, is not problem-atic. It really depends on what has caused it, but the trade imbalance with China is problematic because of how it has happened. China was basically poor, under-developed, under a Communist dicta-torship, and decided it wanted to open up to the world and become more eco-nomically prosperous many years ago. The deal the world made with China is, we are going to help you develop economically. You are going to open up. We are going to help you invest. We are going to help you create oppor-tunity. We are going to let your com-panies invest in our economies. There are rules in the world for trade. There are things that are al-lowed and things that are not allowed. For example, you are not allowed to steal another company’s secrets. If an-other company has figured out how to make something, that is proprietary. They own it, they developed it, they spent money creating it, and you are not allowed to go there and steal that from them and start making it your-self. You can’t have rules that say your companies cannot sell in my country, but our country can do whatever we want in your country. There are rules. China has never played by those rules, and everybody knew it. Nobody dis-puted it. Administrations from both parties, the consensus politically in America was go ahead. Let’s let China cheat. Let them keep stealing things because once China becomes richer and more prosperous, they will stop doing that stuff. As soon as China’s economy grows big enough, not only will they stop doing all that, but they will be-come a democracy. Everyone who said that was wrong. That is not what has happened. They are less Democratic, less open today than they used to be, and they are no longer just stealing little secrets to be in the same ballpark. They are stealing $600 billion a year of intellectual prop-erty. Six hundred billion dollars a year is equivalent to what we spend on the U.S. military. They are stealing the equivalent of that every single year. How do they do it? First of all, just straight-out espionage. Time and again, they hack computers, they hack emails. They have spies embedded in-side companies. They straight-out steal it through espionage. The second thing they do to protect their industries and grow at our ex-pense is, they don’t allow many of our companies to do business in China— huge market. Their companies get to do business here, but they don’t allow our companies to do business there— some companies. They do allow other companies to do business in China, but here is the deal. If you do business in China, it has to be a joint venture with a Chinese com-pany—51 percent Chinese, 49 percent American company. On top of that, there is another catch. If you want to do business in China with a Chinese company, you have to transfer your technology to them. If you want to build turbines, we will let you build turbines in China, but you have to transfer to us the technology of how you do it. Do you know why they do that? Be-cause once they figure out how to do it themselves, they don’t need their American partner anymore. They kick you out, and now they are your com-petitor and may even put you out of business. That has happened many times. If they don’t achieve it by forc-ing you to transfer, then they straight- out steal it from you. They also buy up small companies. We have a law here that is called CFIUS process. When a foreign com-pany, especially from a country like China, is buying in a key industry, it undergoes this review to make sure it is not a deal where they could be tak-ing secrets that are tied to national se-curity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.012 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2851 May 23, 2018 
They figured it out. They are just buying small American companies, a bunch of them, in many cases, that are under the level that we look at, these subcontractors, and finding their way in that way. Suffice it to say that we have a very serious imbalance with China, but the imbalance is not the dollars. The im-balance is in the structure of trade be-tween China and the United States. That is why we don’t need a short-term trade deal. This is not about saying: All right. Go ahead and buy more of our agriculture. You guys go buy more of the stuff you were going to buy more of anyway because you need to. In ex-change, you get to keep doing what you are doing now, and there will not be any tariffs. That is a short-term deal. It might be a good headline. You can claim that you won, but in the end, it doesn’t do anything to change it. In fact, it leaves us worse off. You might as well have not even gotten into this in the first place. You have actually strengthened them even more. Let me tell you how they win this fight. They go to all those American multinational corporations, many of whom are just interested in how their stock is performing from quarter to quarter, and say to them: Lobby your Congressman, lobby your Senator, lobby the White House, and convince them to drop all of this. They do it because what these com-panies want is to have access to the 1.3 billion people. They don’t care if they are only 49 percent of the company in China. They don’t care if they are stealing their intellectual property. By the time that matters, the CEO and the people making that decision will be long ago retired, with a huge golden parachute bonus because they delivered a bunch of quarters of earnings. That is so shortsighted. They may not care about it, but those of us who work here have to be-cause we do not want to live in a world where China dominates industry, not because they outinnovated us or worked harder, but because they stole it from us. By the way, the Chinese have figured all of this out. They have figured out exactly how to get things done in American politics. They don’t lobby the government. They lobby the busi-ness sector. Then, all these large cor-porations go marching onto Capitol Hill and into the White House and scream and plead to drop all this. Of course they do because they are going to make a lot of money in China over the next 5 or 6 years. A lot of these companies are one day going to be out of business. It is short- term thinking. Their obligations are to their shareholders. Their shareholders are not all Americans. Our obligations are to the American people and Amer-ica’s future. This is disastrous. We need a struc-tural rebalance, not just a dollar rebal-ance. China is not a developing coun-try. It is the second largest economy in the world. It will soon be the largest economy in the world. Yet we continue to let them cheat and steal. That is the trade issue. ZTE is something completely dif-ferent—related but completely dif-ferent. Let me tell you about ZTE. ZTE broke the law. ZTE sold goods and services to Iran and to North Korea. They violated sanctions. They tried to cover it up, and they got caught. When they got caught, they got hit with a fine and were told they need to fire the people who tried to cover it up and the people who did this. They paid the fine, but they did not fire the people who did this. Do you know what they did in-stead? They gave them bonuses, and they tried to cover that up. The Commerce Department said: Fine. We caught you. We made a deal with you. You broke that deal. Now the penalty is, you cannot buy American semiconductors. That was the penalty. We are not going to sell you any more semiconductors for 7 years. ZTE says it is going to put them out of business be-cause they do depend on us for semi-conductors. Now we are reading there is a new deal in place, potentially. The new deal is not official, but I have read it, and it has been reported. The new deal is this. We are going to let you stay in busi-ness. Pay a fine, $1 billion or this morning I heard $1.3 billion, and $1.3 billion is nothing for a company backed by the Government of China. The Chinese Government will pay it for them. Are you kidding me? Only $1.3 billion to continue to stay in business and one day replace America in tele-communications? That is nothing. The other sanction—guess what it is. We are going to force you to buy more things from America. That is not a punishment. That is a reward. That is exactly what they want. That was the sanction. The sanc-tion was they couldn’t buy more from us because they can’t stay in business unless they buy from us. The punish-ment is going to be, instead of pun-ishing you by denying you semiconduc-tors, we are going to really punish you by forcing you to buy more semi-conductors from America. They were going to do that anyway. That is a reward, not a punishment. That is a terrible deal. Some people say that is a deal that is tied into the broader trade deal, another terrible deal. If I were China, I would give us any-thing we want on ZTE in exchange for being able to continue to undermine the American economy, but it goes deeper than that. Here is the other problem with ZTE. If it is just one company, it is one thing. China intends to dominate the world in the key tech-nologies of the 21st century—aero-space, biotech, quantum computing, ar-tificial intelligence, 5G, and tele-communications. They are going to dominate the world. Do you know why I know that? It isn’t because I read some fancy article. It isn’t because I am on the Intel Com-mittee. It isn’t because of a hearing. It isn’t because of a meeting. Do you know how I know that? Because China says it. They have a plan called China 2025, Made in China 2025. Here is what the plan basically means. By the year 2025, China will be the dominant country in the world in these 10 to 12 industries, which happen to be the 10 to 12 industries that are going to determine the fate of the 21st century. Biotech basically means ge-netic medicine, the ability to cure dis-eases like Alzheimer’s disease and oth-ers that are going to be a plague on the world in the years to come. Aerospace means technology for space. It also means aircraft and the like. They don’t intend to be competitive in those fields. They intend to dominate those fields. You may say: Well, what is wrong with that? Countries can want to domi-nate fields. It is fine. If you are going to become the domi-nant power in the world in these key technologies, you have every right to do so but not by breaking the rules. That is how they are doing it. What is China doing in order to domi-nate the world in 2025? To their credit, they invest a lot of money in research and development. They also invest a lot of money in stealing whatever we have already done. Think about it. America invests taxpayer money. We innovate something. We innovate it. After we spend all of your money inno-vating these things, they take it from us and steal it. It costs them nothing to start out exactly where we are after years and years of work. Think about that for a moment. That is an enormous competitive advantage. They have free research funding by the American taxpayer. They steal it. What else do they do? They do other things. How do they steal it, you may ask. One of the ways they steal it is through telecommunications. They are trying to embed themselves in our tele-communications system. Here is how. They know, for example, the U.S. Gov-ernment or a defense contractor are not going to buy a ZTE phone, but they have a solution for that. The solution is, they sell the ZTE phone, the exact same phone with the exact same com-ponents inside of it—the things they can turn on and off to listen to us or take emails or documents or whatever they need, and they sell the exact same phone to an American telecommuni-cations provider. The American tele-communications provider puts their sticker on it so you think you are buy-ing not a ZTE phone but a phone that belongs to an American company, and they sell it—it is called white label-ing—or a router. Huawei has a router. The Department of Defense or the gov-ernment is not going to put a Huawei router in a sensitive place. That is fine. They will sell it to an American com-pany. That company will take off Huawei and put on their sticker, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.013 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2852 May 23, 2018 
you have a router controlled by a Chi-nese company that is beholden to Chi-nese intelligence. Even if they wanted to not cooperate, they don’t have a choice. When they tell them, we want you to go into that router and get the secrets of this company or the secrets of the U.S. Government, not only do they have to do it, they will do it, especially if it is in telecommunications. That is happening right now. They embed themselves in our telecommunications system that way through white label-ing. The other thing they do is they use their American subcontracting unit. Again, they know no one is going to hire them to build a military base and put the wire in it. You hire an Amer-ican company. That is the prime con-tractor. They come in as a subcon-tractor to the prime contractor, and they are the ones doing the work. We think we hired an American company, but the work is being done by a subcon-tractor controlled by ZTE or Huawei or any of these other companies. That is another way they do it. I am telling you, we are going to wake up one day and realize that in our own country, embedded in our tele-communications system—in our cable, in our routers, in our internet—are a bunch of component pieces that not only leave vulnerable our Department of Defense but our business commu-nity. To what? To stealing corporate secrets and commercial secrets that allow them to take the research Amer-ica has done and use it as their start-ing point free of cost. This is not fan-tastic. This is why people are so fired up about ZTE. This is not a game. Somebody just sent me an article a few minutes ago. I don’t know which one of the publications it was. It was talking about me and taking on the President on ZTE. This is not a polit-ical game. It has nothing to do with that. This is not about politics. Do we not understand where we are headed? You have a country that is actively saying we are going to displace you. We are going to be the most powerful country in the world, and we are going to do that at your expense. We are here talking about all kinds of other crazy things or political reporters cover this through a political lens. This is not a game. Do you know why China wins these negotiations? Because they don’t play these games. They know what this is about. They have a 10-year plan, a 20- year plan, a 50-year plan. We can’t even think 48 hours ahead. Everything here is about a political issue. It is not a game. Whether you want to believe it or not, every single one of us was elect-ed. We participated in politics. I think most of us, if not all of us, do not want to live in a world in 10, 15, 20 years on our watch, where some other country now dominates the world at our ex-pense, where we now work for them, we now are beholden to them for every-thing from medicines to technologies, and we were here when it happened and didn’t do anything about it because we were loyal to our party or because we were too busy focused on—well, just turn on the news when we have a mas-sive threat before us. By the way, this is the stuff histo-rians write about. A hundred years from now, we will all look like fools be-cause, if you are just watching this on an hour-by-hour basis, it is not a big story. Yet, 100 years from now, when someone writes the history of the 21st century and we have let this happen, they are going to write about us. They are going to say that we were fiddling while Rome was burning, that we were allowing the Chinese to take over the world at our expense and displace us because we were too busy doing all kinds of other things. By the way, this is not just about business. When you turn on some of the networks that cover the stock market, they cover this like a casino. Oh, the trade thing is doing better today, so the stocks are up or the stocks are down. Forget about that for a moment. You can make all of the profits you want over the next 3 to 6 months. I promise you, if this continues, in 10 or 15 years, you will not be watching the U.S. stock market; you will be watch-ing the Chinese market, and it will be determining whether our companies survive. It will be we on the outside, looking in. Then Americans are going to wonder: Why do we no longer invent great things? Why do we now have to do whatever China wants in the world in order to get the medicines we need to cure my mom or my dad’s Alzheimer’s? The answer will be, when they were displacing us, your policymakers were too busy arguing with each other and playing dumb, ridiculous games on a regular basis. Meanwhile, China was fo-cused like a laser on a plan, and it exe-cuted it. This is not a game. I can think of no more significant issue from the per-spective of history than what is hap-pening now. Do not misunderstand me. I do not come here to say that I want to be unnecessarily aggressive with China or that I want there to be a con-frontation. China is going to be a rich and a powerful country, and we have no problem with that—we can’t have any problem with that—but there has to be a balance. It cannot be a China that is rich and powerful and an America that is weak and not prosperous. Those imbalances are what create wars. Those imbalances are what cre-ate misery. Those imbalances are what destabilize the planet. That can’t be. We need to recalibrate this relation-ship. It needs to be rebalanced on the trade side. It needs to be protective on our national security side. It needs to be equalized. If it is, China can still be very successful. It is going to invent things. It is going to create jobs. It is going to become more prosperous. That is fine. We have been doing that for 100 years. Every person who is sitting in the Gallery, every person here in the well of the Senate and on the Senate floor— everyone you know—has a product on him—a phone, a belt—that has been made in another country. The issue is not that other countries make things and that we don’t. The issue is not about our dominating everything. It is about balance, and this is not balanced. This is headed for a dramatic imbal-ance. The imbalance used to be that they made cheap things and sent them back to us so we had lower prices. That is what has happened for the last 30 years. They have made cheaper T- shirts; they have assembled the phones more cheaply; and they have shipped them back to the United States, which has led to lower prices. That is not the imbalance I am talking about. The imbalance we are headed for is that they will control state-of-the-art artificial intelligence, that they will control state-of-the-art quantum com-puting, which will mean that nothing will be encrypted anymore, which will mean that there will be no such thing as secure cars left. One day, the Presi-dent of the United States will not be able to talk to his national security of-ficials anywhere in the world without the Chinese hearing it. No matter what encryption you will put in, they will break it with a quantum computer. That is the imbalance I am talking about. The imbalance I am talking about is when, one day, we will have a dispute with China on something—on national security somewhere in the world—and it will threaten to cut off our supply of biomedicines. In essence, it will threat-en the lives of Americans in their not getting medicine unless we cave to Chi-na’s desires. That is the imbalance I am talking about. The imbalance I am talking about is one where it dominates aerospace, where it is the nation that controls satellites and satellite communication, where it is the nation that controls 5G. We are headed toward autonomous ve-hicles. Autonomous vehicles will de-pend on 5G technology. China will dominate the world in 5G, and we will depend on it. So we are going to build a fleet of autonomous trucks and au-tonomous cars, and none of them will work if the Chinese decided to shut it down because they will dominate that field. That is the imbalance I am talk-ing about. If this all sounds fantastic or apoca-lyptic, look it up. Research it. I prom-ise you that you will not find a single person who is versed on this topic who will disagree with what I am saying. This is the threat that we face, and we are not facing it squarely. I would advise those who cover this issue to stop covering it as a political issue. There are some things that are so important to this country that I don’t care what the politics are, and most of my colleagues don’t either. These are definitional things that will define the 21st century. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.014 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2853 May 23, 2018 
I would advise us not to cover this as a purely economic issue because there is a way to grow the trade gap in the short term. We can sell China a lot more of the things it is willing to buy anyway. It doesn’t intend to lead the world in those things in exchange for its dominating us in the long run. Get rid of the short-term thinking, and start thinking our competitor has a50-, a 100-, a 20-, and a 5-year plan, and we don’t even know what we are going to be talking about next week. It is time to wake up to this threat because we have two ways forward. There can be a balanced relationship between two great powers that leads to a world that is stable and secure and prosperous or we can have an imbal-anced world in which the rising power of China is at the direct expense of a falling status quo power in the United States. That instability will lead to conflict and a way of life for Americans that we will find unacceptable. Then it will be too late. Then we will have to explain, maybe, to our children and, most certainly, to our grandchildren why the America we grew up in—that led the world in all of the great innova-tions and in all of the great ideas, that provided prosperity to millions of peo-ple here and around the world—and the America they get to grow up in is a second-tiered power while China domi-nates everything that matters. If you think that is not a big deal, one of the reasons democracy has spread across the planet is that the world’s most powerful country has been a democracy. If the world’s most powerful and dominant nation on Earth is a dictatorship—a country that has no respect for privacy, a country that has no respect for free speech, a country that has no respect for reli-gious liberty of its open people, a coun-try that has no regard for human rights anywhere in the world—what do you think the world is going to look like in 20 or 30 years? It is not going to be a better place. Democracy is morally superior to autocratic regimes. We should not be afraid to say that. If for no other rea-son—if you want to put aside econom-ics for a moment and confront it from that angle—we cannot allow an auto-cratic dictatorship to dominate the global economy and global technology by stealing from us at the expense of the democratic order in the world. De-mocracies are morally superior to dic-tatorships. If we allow China to cheat and steal its way into dominance, there will be more dictatorships and fewer democracies on this planet, and we will all pay a price for that. I urge everyone to take this issue se-riously. I urge the President to listen carefully to those in his own adminis-tration who understand this threat for what it is holistically, and I urge them to move in a direction that recalibrates the structure of our relationship with China economically and that does not allow not just ZTE but numerous other telecom companies to continue to grow and spy at our expense. That is what I encourage them to do, and that is the right thing to do for the future of this country, not some short- term deal that makes us feel good and potentially gets a positive headline in the short term but what historians will condemn as the beginning of the end of America’s place in the world as its most influential Nation. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, first, I want to add my comments to those by my friend from Florida, Senator R
UBIO, about China. I remember years ago, when I was helping to lead the opposition to Chi-na’s admission into the World Trade Organization, when American CEOs came to this body and said one after another to Members of Congress that they wanted access to billions of Chi-nese consumers when what they really wanted was access to hundreds of mil-lions of Chinese workers. U.S. compa-nies, as part of a business plan, consist-ently shut down production, whether it was in the Florida Panhandle or wheth-er it was in Northeast Ohio, and moved those productions overseas. They en-riched that Communist government and gave China the wherewithal that Senator R
UBIO talks about now. That is the importance of the CFIUS legislation we did yesterday in the Banking Committee that Senator C
RAPO , Senator V ANHOLLEN , and I worked on. It is the importance of many of the issues that Senator R
UBIO raised, so I thank my colleague from Florida. Mr. President, I rise to oppose the nomination of Brian Montgomery. He has been nominated by the President to serve in the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development as an Assistant Secretary of Housing and as the Federal Housing Commissioner. If confirmed, Mr. Montgomery would oversee the Federal Housing Adminis-tration, the FHA, which insures loans for homeowners, multifamily rental buildings, and healthcare facilities originated by HUD-approved mortgage lenders; oversees HUD’s Housing Coun-seling Program; and provides rental as-sistance for over 1.2 million low-in-come seniors, individuals with disabil-ities, and families. We are considering this nomination at a time when the Nation faces all kinds of housing challenges. Thanks to a deep shortage of affordable rental housing—think about this—a quarter of all renters, of all households, are paying more than half of their incomes for housing. That means, if anything goes bad in their lives—if their cars break down on the way to work or if their children are sick, and they have to decide to send their children to school anyway or to stay home and lose a day’s pay and get behind on their rent—then everything will go bad for them. Far too many creditworthy bor-rowers still struggle to access sustain-able credit in the mortgage market, particularly in communities of color. In February, the Center for Investiga-tive Reporting released data showing that people of color were far more like-ly—in some cases, more than five times as likely—to be denied conventional mortgages. They found this data in 61 metropolitan areas around the coun-try. It is not limited to only a few places. Mr. Montgomery, in his having served previously in the position for which he has been nominated, would bring both valuable experience and an appreciation for the importance of the programs he would lead if he is con-firmed. He has spoken about the value of the FHA as both a responsible en-gine of homeownership and a counter-cyclical tool to ensure that mortgage credit remains available. He has also supported the Office of Housing’s af-fordable housing program. That is the good news. The bad news is that I am concerned that Mr. Montgomery, in the interest of making the FHA a better partner to the mortgage industry after having served in the industry as a board mem-ber or adviser, will lose sight of the in-terests that FHA and consumers have. Following his previous tenure at HUD, Mr. Montgomery cofounded a con-sulting firm that provided a range of services to financial services compa-nies, services that included helping FHA participants minimize penalties from HUD enforcement actions. He also sits on the boards of companies whose businesses could be affected by FHA and Federal housing policies. Perhaps more troubling is that Mr. Montgomery has stated concerns about ‘‘excessive’’ Federal enforcement ef-forts against mortgage lenders in the years following the mortgage crisis, in-cluding pursuing claims under the False Claims Act. In late last year, the Trump adminis-tration’s Department of Justice noted ‘‘the False Claims Act serves as the government’s primary civil remedy to redress false claims for government funds and property’’ and further noted that recoveries under the act are ‘‘a message to those who do business with the government that fraud and dishon-esty will not be tolerated.’’ The False Claims Act was cited in several post-crisis Federal enforcement actions, including a $1.2 billion settle-ment with Wells Fargo in 2016 and in a 2014 settlement with JPMorgan Chase for ‘‘knowingly originating and under-writing noncompliant mortgage loans submitted for insurance coverage and guarantees’’ at the FHA. Obviously, fraud has no place in FHA programs. However, without a strong 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.015 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2854 May 23, 2018 
signal that fraud and dishonesty will not be tolerated, some lenders who don’t play by the rules will, once again, push the envelope with damaging ef-fects to families and taxpayers. I hope that Mr. Montgomery proves me wrong and that under his leader-ship, HUD will emerge as a strong ad-vocate for consumers and affordable housing and assisted families. It is hard for me to believe that, though, when you look down the street at the White House, and the White House, frankly, looks like a retreat for Wall Street executives and those connected to those financial interests. Consumers and families need an ad-vocate at HUD. So far, the administra-tion’s response to our rental housing shortage, unbelievably enough, has been to propose the slashing of billions from housing programs and the raising of rent on low-income, HUD-assisted families, seniors, and people with dis-abilities. After all, as the HUD Sec-retary said—after giving this tax cut where 80 percent of the tax cut, of the $1-plus trillion, went to the richest 1 percent of people in this country—they had to make cuts to the cleanup of Lake Erie, which Senator K
LOBUCHAR  and I care so much about; they had to make cuts in Head Start; and they had to propose raising the eligibility age for Social Security and Medicare. They had to make these cuts. That was part of the deal of a tax cut for the rich. So it is just a little hard for us to buy in to some of their reasoning. The administration has been disman-tling consumer protections and eroding fair housing enforcement at HUD and the CFPB. Just yesterday, Congress passed legislation making it harder to detect and protect against violations of fair housing laws, particularly reverse redlining, as if we didn’t deal with that issue decades ago. We all should come to agreement that redlining is wrong. It devastated borrowers and commu-nities during the crisis, and it hasn’t gotten a whole lot better. I hope Mr. Montgomery, when he is confirmed, will use his office to advo-cate for housing solutions that work for our families and our communities. These matters are far too important for too many Americans to do other-wise. I oppose his nomination. I hope I am wrong. I hope he actually does the things that someone in that position at HUD should do. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH). The Senator from Min-nesota. 
ANTITRUST ENFORCEMENT  
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, I come to the Senate floor today to dis-cuss what I consider an often over-looked issue that is of central impor-tance to the well-being of American consumers and our Nation’s economic strength, and that is antitrust enforce-ment. Before I was a Senator, I was a pros-ecutor for 8 years, and before that, I was a lawyer in private practice. Early in my legal career, my main client when I was a brandnew lawyer was MCI. At the time, MCI was a young, in-novative telecom company that was de-termined to disrupt the telecom indus-try by competing with first long-dis-tance carriers and then local monopoly carriers. It was exciting for me to rep-resent a company like that. They had a lot of scrappy lawyers who viewed themselves as fighting for consumers to give them some alternatives and lower prices. I remember that at one of my regu-latory hearings, I actually quoted the first words Alexander Graham Bell said over the telephone: ‘‘Come here, Wat-son, I need you.’’ But in the Wild West world of MCI, when they were getting ready to relay the first-ever commu-nication between St. Louis and Chi-cago—which seems odd to the younger pages here—at the time, Bell compa-nies dominated all telecoms, and we only had those old-style telephones and only one company in an area that of-fered service. So MCI came in to com-pete by building their own line between St. Louis and Chicago. One of their in-vestors, Irwin Hirsh, memorialized this great moment, and instead of saying ‘‘Come here, Watson, I need you,’’ he said, ‘‘I’ll be damned. It actually works.’’ But make no mistake—without anti-trust law, MCI would never have worked. We would have had no com-petitors. We would have been stuck in the old Bell operating company world. MCI took on Bell operating company and AT&T and ultimately broke up that monopoly. This breakup lowered long-distance prices for consumers across the country and ushered in an era of amazing innovation and revolu-tionized the telecom industry and, yes, brought down those long-distance prices. Antitrust may not always make front-page headlines these days, but antitrust enforcement is as important now as it has ever been. It remains vital to the welfare of our country, and we ignore it at our own peril. People often ask me, what does anti-trust law have to do with our economy? The answer I always give is, every-thing. Let me repeat that. Antitrust has everything to do with our broader economy. That is becoming clearer to the American public. People intu-itively understand that there is too much industry consolidation in this country. They understand that is not necessarily good for them whether they are a Democrat or a Republican or an Independent. They understand that the benefits of big corporate mergers go largely to the merged companies and their investors and not to the public. This highlights the fact that anti-trust is not just a subject for competi-tion policy circles or law school class-room discussion or the business section of the newspaper; antitrust policy touches people across our country, and they are beginning to see how impor-tant it is to their lives. Two-thirds of Americans have come to believe that the economy unfairly favors powerful interests. Even as our economy stabilizes and grows stronger, it is easy to see why people feel that way. Every year, I go to all 87 counties in my State. Everywhere I go, people tell me that while the job situation has im-proved since the downturn over the last decade—and, in fact, we need workers for a lot of the jobs that are open in our economy—they are still struggling with the cost of living. In my State, we are fortunate to have a strong economy, but the cost of living is by no means low, and that is true all over the United States. For some, it is rent payments. For others, it is mortgages. For others, it is pre-scription drugs—and that is actually for almost everyone—and mobile phone service. To many people who dream of starting their own business, that is hard to do when those costs are so high. Anticompetitive mergers and exces-sive concentration can increase these cost burdens. They may lead these cost burdens, whether it is in the agri-culture industry or the cable industry or certainly the pharmaceutical indus-try, where we see monopoly power over certain kinds of drugs, where we see pharmaceuticals basically, in the words of the President of the United States while he was campaigning, ‘‘able to get away with murder.’’ Yet, what are we doing about it? Well, the people would like us to do something about it. They are increasingly real-izing that antitrust has everything to do with the prices they pay for goods and services and with the health of our global economy. These are not novel ideas. Think back to trust-busting. Think back to Teddy Roosevelt. Think back to this American entrepreneurial spirit of small companies and individuals being able to compete against each other. That is what our economy is all about in America. When companies are al-lowed to compete and people are al-lowed to get into a business, businesses can offer higher quality goods for the lowest possible price. The point I want to emphasize is this: Talking about antitrust in a nar-row way is outdated and oversim-plified. Antitrust enforcement affects more than price and output. We now have evidence that competition fosters small business growth, reduces inequal-ity, and increases innovation. In short, tackling concentrations of power is a linchpin to a healthy economy and a civil society. With respect to business growth, evi-dence suggests that it is nearly impos-sible for new firms to penetrate highly concentrated markets, so ensuring competitive markets is one clear way to help entrepreneurs and small busi-nesses succeed. We all know how im-portant small business growth is to our economy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.016 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2855 May 23, 2018 
Research also suggests that con-centration increases income inequal-ity. Firms with market power raise prices, which takes money from con-sumers and puts it in the pockets of the few. Concentration also blunts in-centives to innovate. Why would some-one innovate if they know they can just keep the product they have, not invest in R&D, not invest in innova-tion, because they have the only prod-uct on the market because no one is competing with them for something better? When there are 8 or 10 competi-tors, they will try everything to get a leg up on their competition by low-ering prices and finding new products that people want. When there are only one or two firms, there is little incen-tive to make product improvements, develop new products, or certainly bring down those prices. We have to recognize the broader benefits of antitrust enforcement—es-pecially today, when we are living in a wave of consolidation across indus-tries. Since 2008, American firms have engaged in more than $10 trillion in ac-quisitions. The last few years have seen a steady increase in mergers reviewed by the Federal Trade Commission and the Justice Department’s Antitrust Di-vision. But it is not just the number of deals. I recall former Assistant Attor-ney General for Antitrust Bill Baer, a lifelong antitrust lawyer, saying that his agency was reviewing deals that raised such serious antitrust concerns that they should have never made it out of the boardroom. As former chair and ranking member of the Antitrust Subcommittee, I have raised concerns about several megamerger proposals over the last few years. Look at the Comcast-Time Warner merger proposal. As I pointed out at a hearing in the Judiciary Committee, if the merger had been approved, the combined company would have con-trolled 60 percent of the country’s high-speed and broadband customers. Look at the failed merger between Norfolk Southern Railway and Cana-dian Pacific—something I took on im-mediately after it was announced. Even without the merger, 90 percent of freight traffic is still handled by only four railroads. As I pointed out then, this is the same number of railroads on the Monopoly board. Four is what we are down to after having literally 63 of these major railroads years and years ago, then going down to 9, and now we are at only 4. When a State has a lot of rural areas like mine has—we are fifth in the coun-try for ag, and I think of the Presiding Officer’s State—customers or farmers or small businesses that are at the very end of that freight rail line are called captive customers because they are only served in reality by one railroad. They see their rates go up, and they have no other choices. The more num-bers are reduced, the more difficult it becomes for people to get good rates so they are able to get their goods to mar-ket. It is easier when you are in a high-ly concentrated market, but it is very hard when you are not. These examples are part of a larger pattern of horizontal consolidation and vertical integration. Those are words you hear only in law school classes or maybe see in the business section of the paper, but that is what is hap-pening. We all know about AT&T’s bid to buy Time Warner and the Justice Depart-ment lawsuit to block the deal, but that is not all. Sinclair Broadcast Group is trying to buy Tribune Media. Bayer is trying to buy Monsanto. CVS is trying to acquire Aetna. Most recently, T-Mobile signed an agreement to buy Sprint, which would combine two of only four major cell phone carriers in the United States. Again, I note that number of four—the number on the Monopoly board—which would go down further to three. In fact, T-Mobile has been playing a major dis-rupting role—I mean disruption that is good in terms of bringing down prices. We have all seen the ads with what they are offering. This merger would merge two of those phone companies, and we would be down to only three. More than three-quarters of American adults now own smartphones, including many who depend on these devices for their primary connection to the inter-net. Many of them don’t even have local phone service. Now we will bring their choices for major carriers down to three if this deal goes through. Last October, in anticipation of this transaction, and weeks ago, after it was announced, I sent letters with a number of my colleagues raising anti-trust concerns and urging the Justice Department and the Federal Commu-nications Commission to investigate this potential transaction. Today, Sen-ator L
EEand I are announcing that we are going to hold a hearing to look at these issues very carefully and very se-riously in a bipartisan way in the Anti-trust Subcommittee next month. Often, in connection with large merg-ers, the merging parties and the invest-ment community promise millions, sometimes billions of dollars in effi-ciencies and cost savings. But after closing, do consumers actually see the promised lower prices or the improved quality? I think the American people deserve an answer to that question. To address these issues, we need aggres-sive antitrust enforcement. Let’s talk about that. Unfortunately, current levels of Federal antitrust en-forcement activity are not where they need to be. I take my responsibilities on the Antitrust Subcommittee seri-ously, and Chairman L
EEand I have done a lot of important work together on the subcommittee over the past few years. Also, we are both committed to the professionalism and the independ-ence of the Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division. Antitrust and competition are not Republican or Democratic issues; they are consumer issues. We can all agree that robust competition is essential to our free market economy. In light of this consensus, the enormous economic consequences of lax antitrust enforce-ment, and the current merger wave, these issues require our urgent atten-tion. Let me explain. Our economy, in terms of nominal GDP, has increased by 30 percent be-tween 2010 and 2017, and annual merger filings have almost doubled during that time. At the same time, our antitrust agencies’ budgets have been held flat. As a result, agencies are only able to litigate cases involving the most high-ly concentrated markets. This limits the attention they pay to closer or more difficult cases. Despite these constraints, agencies are doing what they can, but we need to do more. Giving agencies the re-sources to pursue the harder cases will pay real dividends to our economy. When I say resources, I also mean the legal tools necessary to protect com-petition. When it comes to mergers, the pro-tections in the Clayton Act—that is the antitrust law—have slowly been eroded. Over time, we have seen a sys-temic underenforcement of our com-petition laws. The result has been even larger mergers and more concentrated industries, and American consumers are taking notice. We need to give our agencies the legal tools to push back. That is why I have introduced two major antitrust bills over the last year. The first will give our antitrust agen-cies the resources they need to protect competition. Now, this is not coming off the backs of taxpayers because, as I have already explained, they are al-ready having to foot the bill for a lot of these mergers in terms of higher prices. This bill would, in fact, update merger filing fees for the first time since 2001. Think of how many years that is and how the competitive land-scape and the merger landscape have changed during those 17 years. This bill would lower the burden on small and medium-sized businesses for their fil-ing fees and ensure that larger deals, where we are seeing all of these activi-ties—these billion-dollar deals where they hire so many lawyers that there are more lawyers on those deals than there are Senators’ desks in this room—have fees on businesses that would raise enough revenues so tax-payers could foot less of the bill for merger review. I am not talking about an across-the-board business tax. I am talking about higher fees on those businesses—major businesses, huge businesses—that are seeking to merge and reap the benefits. If their lawyers can get all kinds of bonuses for getting the deals through, at least the tax-payers should be getting the bonus of being able to know that someone is looking out for them in reviewing these deals. Effective enforcement also depends on feedback. As the size of mergers have grown, so have the complexities 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.019 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2856 May 23, 2018 
of merger settlements. A question for modern enforcement is whether some proposed mergers are simply too big to fix. Agencies can make better enforce-ment decisions if they understand what has worked in the past. So my bill gives the agencies the tools to assess whether merger consent decrees have in fact been successful. Have all those promises we hear at the hearings or we see in writing or we read about in the business pages really come to fruition? In addition, we need a better under-standing of the effects of market con-solidation on our economy. That is why we need to study the effects of mergers on wages, employment, inno-vation, and new business formation. We also must give our antitrust agencies and courts the legal tools necessary to protect competition. That is why my second bill, the Con-solidation Prevention and Competition Promotion Act, would restore the Clay-ton Act’s original purpose of promoting competition by updating our legal standards so our legal standards are as sophisticated as the companies that are proposing these mergers and the kinds of mergers they are proposing. My bill clarifies that we can prevent mergers that reduce choice, foreclose competition through vertical consoli-dation, stifle innovation, or create mo-nopsony. OK, that is a great word you would hear in law school classrooms, but what does it mean? Well, it means where a buyer has the power to reduce wages or prices. It also creates a more stringent legal standard to stop harmful consolidation and shifts the burden for megamergers so the parties involved in the deal have to prove the merger does not harm competition. So what we are talking about here is when a big company buys another and then has that power to make it so that the other competitors aren’t really going to be able to com-pete with the company that they bought, because this huge company might have the ability to bring down prices or do things temporarily to the point that they get other people out of the market or they hurt the others to the extent that you then don’t have real competition, and that is what they are doing. Let me be clear. Big by itself is not necessarily bad, and large mergers do not always harm consumers. My home State of Minnesota now has 19 Fortune 500 companies, and we all benefit from the fact that the largest and most suc-cessful companies in the world are American companies. If we want the success to continue, our new businesses must have the same opportunities to grow as the businesses that came before them. Target, one of my favorite companies based in my State, started as a dry goods store in a small pedestrian mall that is now a big one in Minnesota, way, way back. That is a true story. And 3M, a big company out of my State, started as a sandpaper company. OK, so we have to make sure these small companies continue to grow and are able to compete, but that is not going to happen if we shove them out. Our new businesses must have those same opportunities. Promoting com-petition and preventing excessive in-dustry consolidation is the way we en-courage this country’s next big idea. Take Trader Joe’s, JetBlue, and Starbucks. These companies started small, but they were able to get a foot-hold in the market and succeed because our antitrust laws prevented large, es-tablished competitors from limiting their growth. As a result, the American people get better products and services. These bills will simply ensure that the next American business success story is possible. They will allow entre-preneurs and innovators to succeed in open, competitive markets. We can do this, and we should do this. It doesn’t take a miracle. It just takes people acknowledging what has made our economy strong in America. Antitrust law and policy are not al-ways front and center in our debates, but they should be. The proposals in these bills will improve the lives of businesses and people across the coun-try. Protecting competition speaks to the basic principles of opportunity and fairness. It speaks to the simple notion that companies with the best ideas and the most innovative products will have a chance to rise to the top based on their own merits, and the reality is that these principles are at risk. We are currently experiencing a dramatic increase in both the number and size of mergers. As our markets and tech-nologies evolve, our agencies and courts are less able to address this in-creased concentration and the really big guys like it that way. That is why we have to stand up in this Chamber for the American people. We cannot wait any longer. We need vigorous antitrust enforcement. We need to improve the tools and the re-sources that those who are trying, at least, to put a modicum of enforcement in place are able to exercise. Our econ-omy depends on it. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. 
SECURE ELECTIONS  
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, the right to vote is one of the most pre-cious rights we have here in America. How we protect it is so cherished, and it is also cherished by peoples all over the world who don’t get a chance to ex-ercise that right. Our constitutional foundation is built on a process of free, fair, and unfettered elections. Well, what happened in this country 2 years ago put a crack in that founda-tion, and it started to sow the seeds of doubt that, if gone unchecked, could undermine our entire democracy. After painstaking analyses by the intel-ligence community, which are in com-plete agreement—unanimous in the IC—we know that Russia interfered in our 2016 election. We know that Russia continues to meddle in the elections of not only our country now but in other countries around the world. We saw that in the elections in Europe last year. Fortunately, what they tried in France backfired on them, and they didn’t get their candidate to win. We also know that if we don’t act now, they are likely going to continue this interference in the elections here in this country that are coming up in just a few months. The threat that we face today from Russia’s meddling in our elections and attempting to undermine our democ-racy is really one of the greatest threats we face. Congress recognizes this threat, and we have taken action to protect that vote. But none of it matters if respective States will not work with us and take this threat seri-ously. So last March we passed a bill that authorized $380 million to help State elections officials strengthen their elections security and update their elections equipment. Now, of the total of $380 million for the country, $19 mil-lion of it was set aside for my State, the State of Florida. While at least a dozen other States have applied for and received funding to help them protect their systems from Russian intrusion, my State of Florida hasn’t even applied for one single dollar of the $19 million set aside for Florida—not one. In fact, the government of Florida through Florida’s secretary of State said recently that it is not planning to apply for any funding to improve secu-rity during the upcoming November election. Obviously, when you consider the risk and what Russia did, which the intelligence community all agree was done to us in the last election, why in the world would the State of Florida not apply for any of the $19 million set aside for our State? We know that Rus-sia had intruded into the election mechanism and records of 21 States, and the State of Florida was one of those States. Although we don’t know what kind of interference the Russians are going to try in the upcoming November elec-tions, we do know that Russian Presi-dent Vladimir Putin—having interfered in 2016 and causing so much chaos and, therefore, attacking the very founda-tion of our constitutional democracy— is likely to do it again. So why wouldn’t the government of the State of Florida apply for $19 million of funds set aside for Florida to upgrade and protect our election system? We know we are not the only country that has been attacked and, according to the U.S. intelligence community, he obviously is going to continue this type of behavior. So we better get ready. That is why we have such a heavy re-sponsibility to defend America from these types of attacks and to defend our process of free, fair, and unfettered elections. We need to rebuild trust in our elections, and at the same time we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.020 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2857 May 23, 2018 
need to ensure that every citizen who wishes to exercise their right to vote is able to do so. It also can be counted, and it can be counted as they intended it to count. Remember this goes back to 1965. Congress passed the Voting Rights Act of 1965 to protect the right of every cit-izen to vote. But in a 5-to-4 Supreme Court decision, it declared that part of that law was outdated, and it removed much needed voter protections that we have come to rely on for minorities, and we have come to rely on them for the last half century. Part of this Supreme Court decision struck down part of the law as it ap-plied to protecting minorities in cer-tain counties in the State of Florida. The Justices voted to strike down that important part of the Voting Rights Act on a 5-to-4 decision. They said that it was outdated because we no longer have the blatant voter suppression tac-tics we once did years and decades ago. I disagree. We have seen a lot of voter suppression. Since the 2010 elec-tion, we have seen a number of States, including my State of Florida, approve voting restrictions targeted directly at reducing turnout among young, low-in-come, and minority voters. Why? Be-cause they traditionally support one particular party. In 2011, for example, the Florida leg-islature, State officials, and the Gov-ernor of Florida reduced the number of early voting days in Florida, including canceling the Sunday before the Tues-day election as an early-voting date. It is not a coincidence that there was use of early-voting days, particularly on weekends—particularly on that Sunday before the Tuesday election, where peo-ple become sensitive and recognize that there is about to be an election day. We have found that particularly minority voters in Florida—African Americans, as well as Hispanics—would take advantage of voting when they did not have to go to work. You have heard the term ‘‘Souls to the Polls.’’ So often, after church on Sunday, many church members would go to the polls. They made voting more difficult for people who had moved to a different county. It became more difficult, even though we have a very mobile popu-lation moving within a State. They also made it more difficult for young people, particularly college students, who changed their address because they had moved and wanted to vote in the town where the university was, but their identification often was their driver’s license, which showed their parents’ residence. Again, this made it more difficult instead of making it easier to vote. The State of Florida subjected voter registration groups like the League of Women Voters, which had been reg-istering voters for three-quarters of a century—suddenly, they were subjected to penalties and fines if they didn’t re-turn the signatures in a short period of time, which was impossible if they got the signatures over a weekend. And they would nitpick with penalties and fines on some small mistake when they were trying to help someone register to vote. Happily, the League of Women Voters went to Federal court, and the Federal judge threw that law out as unconstitutional. But that decision was right before the election, and lo and behold, the League of Women Vot-ers had lost a year and a half of voter registration. You won’t believe this. In 2014, an elections official in Miami-Dade— which was, coincidentally, one of the more Democratic counties in the State—closed restrooms to voters who were waiting in line at the polling sites. As a matter of fact, there was so much chaos in one previous election— the election of 2012—that lines were up-ward of 7 hours long. I will never forget the woman who was a century old—100 years. Every-body kept bringing her a chair and bringing her water. Well, some of those waiting in lines didn’t have the oppor-tunity to go to the restroom, despite waiting to vote for hours and hours. In that same election cycle, 2014, the State’s top elections official told a local election supervisor not to allow voters to submit absentee ballots at re-mote drop-off sites, ordering that elec-tions official that there could be only one site. That supervisor of elections, by the way, told the State of Florida to go take a hike—that they had a way of securing the ballots by dropping them in several different sites that were for-merly approved. Then the State of Florida denied a request from the city of Gainesville to use a University of Florida campus building for early voting, a move seen by some as a direct assault on student voting. Can you believe that? The State of Florida government, through the Secretary of the State, is going to order the University of Florida not to allow the student center on campus to be a place of convenience for students to cast an early vote. That order has stood. It has stood, and instead of mak-ing it easier for people to vote, it has made it harder. All too often, we have let these things go. This Senator is not letting it go be-cause the League of Women Voters in Florida has now taken the government of the State of Florida to Federal court on behalf of students at the University of Florida, as well as Florida State, saying: You are arbitrarily saying that we cannot vote in a convenient place on campus, in a government-owned public building on campus. You cannot order that we cannot use that in an-ticipation of elections this coming No-vember. Too often we find ourselves divided on these issues of party politics, but that shouldn’t be the case. There should be no disagreement when it comes to protecting the right to vote and making it easier, not harder, for people to vote. Why? Because we ought to be Americans first, not partisans first. We should be Americans first, and the State of Florida should get its act in order to let the people vote. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. 
VA MISSION BILL  
Mr. ISAKSON. Madam President, I am delighted to stand today, shoulder to shoulder with all my colleagues on the Veterans’ Affairs Committees in the House and the Senate, to thank the Senate for a very strong vote on clo-ture yesterday to take us to a point today where we will pass the VA MIS-SION Act, which is this legislative body fulfilling a promise to those who fought and sacrificed for each of us to be here today—our families and loved ones as well. For years, there have been problems in the VA in terms of healthcare. You read the headlines. I read them, too, and our constituents read them. In Ari-zona, we had veterans who died waiting to get a routine appointment. We had scheduling errors. People were getting bonuses for scheduling things they had falsified. We had a lot of things that were disappointing to all of us. We worked hard in the Veterans Affairs Committee in the House and Senate to address these tough issues head-on and fix them so that the VA would be the best functioning health delivery sys-tem it could possibly be for the people who were willing to risk their lives for each of us when they joined the mili-tary. I think it is appropriate that we are doing this the week before Memorial Day. Next Monday, we will celebrate all of those who, in all the wars that preceded the fight we have today, rep-resented our country, volunteered un-selfishly, fought, and in some cases died for America’s peace, freedom, lib-erty, and the perpetuation of our de-mocracy. One promise we made to them was that they would have good quality healthcare, and it would be successful. Four years ago, with the leadership of J
OHN MCCAIN, we started the move-ment toward Veterans Choice. We passed a good bill with a 40-mile rule and a 30-day rule. The 40-mile rule said that if you live within 40 miles of a VA clinic or service, you can go to a closer clinic in the private sector, as long as it is approved by the VA. The 30-day rule said that if you couldn’t get an ap-pointment for a routine medical serv-ice in 30 days, you could get an ap-pointment in the private sector, and the VA would approve it. But the lab-yrinth of the approval process for that 30-day appointment or that 40-mile ac-cess made it almost impossible for the veteran, in many cases, to get access that is as timely as we would like it to be. It was a good start. It was an im-provement in our process. It addressed the problem—but not well enough. We learned enough as a test bed to know that veterans liked Choice, as long as it was not so cumbersome that they couldn’t use it. The VA liked Choice, as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.022 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2858 May 23, 2018 
long as they were a partner with a vet-eran who made the choices, so we lost no continuity in healthcare. With the passage of the MISSION Act, we are repealing both the 30-day rule and the 40-mile rule. Instead, we are saying the following: If you are an eligible veteran for VA healthcare services, you can choose a private sec-tor doctor if you want to, as long as the conditions and circumstances, in concert with your VA primary care doctor, fit. In other words, the VA needs to know about it and work with you in making that decision and work with you in finding that private doctor. We are not going to have mountains of paperwork and third-party administra-tors breaking the rules and regulations and slowing things down. Instead, the VA will be motivated to see you, the veteran, get fast, timely service and quality healthcare, whether it is pri-vate or the VA. There have been some who have talked about this being privatization. It is not privatization; it is mobiliza-tion. We are mobilizing healthcare for the veterans to see to it that they have access in a timely fashion. The VA is an instrumental service for our vet-erans who come home. Many of them come home with injuries and sick-nesses and illnesses and diseases that, quite frankly, nobody ever con-templated people surviving. Who heard of PTSD and TBI 20 years ago? Who saw veterans lose arms and legs—in some cases, all of their arms and legs—and survive a battlefield wound? How many of you have seen people wear an eye prosthesis, where they had an eye replaced? The VA has specialists who can do all of those things, the best in the world. They can deliver high-quality healthcare and high-quality rehabilitation to veterans with the most serious injuries in the history of warfare. We will always con-tinue to do that, but we also have to understand that when healthcare in the private sector can be utilized for the convenience of the veteran—not as a competitor to the VA—we can use it as a force multiplier to lower the num-ber of people we have to hire and, in addition, lower the number of hospitals we have to build and instead provide that money for services to our vet-erans. It is a win-win proposition for the VA and for all of us. It is no secret why every former VA Secretary who has served this country has endorsed the VA MISSION bill. All of them have endorsed it, every one of them, whether a Republican appoint-ment or appointment by a Democratic President. They all know this is some-thing we needed to do for a long time. It is no secret why we got a vote of 91 to 4 yesterday on the floor of the U.S. Senate to invoke cloture and go to a vote today on the VA MISSION Act. It is past time we made sure our laws for healthcare available to our veterans are as high quality as our veterans are when they go to fight wars for us. Secondly, I want to focus on another feature which is very important to me because I was in the service. I was not in Vietnam. I am a Vietnam-era vet-eran. I was in the Georgia Air National Guard during the Vietnam War. I lost buddies in that war. I know a lot of our soldiers sacrificed in that war and made it home with terrible injuries, but because of our healthcare delivery system in the battlefield and at other hospitals around the world, we were able to save veterans and rehabilitate them, but the need for ongoing medical healthcare for the basic essentials of life is sometimes one of the byproducts for some of the injuries and for some of those who survived those wounds. There are veterans who have dif-ficulty feeding themselves. There are veterans who can’t dress themselves. There are veterans who need assistance in the five basic essentials of life, and then from time to time, they have to call in a caregiver. There are spouses, moms, in some cases, dads, brothers, and sisters who come and deliver those services to their brother or sister or son or daughter. If they are a veteran of almost any area except Vietnam, they get caregiver benefits from the VA or a stipend benefit provided to that volunteer to help that veteran. It helps the veteran pay for their service, and it helps the VA not have to go out to find someone to do it because there is someone offering to be their care-giver. We are expanding the caregiver services in the VA to all veterans, so fi-nally the Vietnam-era veterans and their families will be as eligible as any-body else who is entitled to VA bene-fits. P
ATTY MURRAY of Washington, S USAN  C
OLLINS of Maine, and a lot of Members of this Chamber today deserve credit for that. We fought for caregivers for a long time. It is a big step forward, and it is going to be a lifesaver and a life extender for many and remove just one of the major burdens that some have to care for a spouse or a loved one injured in battle or who has fought for us. I can go on and on and on about de-tail after detail after detail in this bill, but I don’t want to bore everyone. I want everybody to realize, when they go home this weekend, how important it is to tell them what we have finally done. We have finally dealt with the accessibility of healthcare to our vet-erans. There will be no more headlines of veterans dying because they can’t get an appointment because they are going to be able to get an appointment. They are going to be able to make the choice with the VA at that appoint-ment. It is not the case anymore where a veteran is going to die because they can’t get a basic service to stay alive at their home, that if they don’t have the money to pay for a caregiver, they therefore languish, unable to feed themselves or clothe themselves or live in a sanitary condition. That is the very least we owe to our veterans. Today, when you cast your vote for the VA MISSION Act, you will do just that. I want to address some individuals, if I can, and thank them. One, I thank JOHN MCCAIN, whose idea this was originally. He is a great hero to all of us, a friend to all of us, one we love and pray for today as he recovers from can-cer. J
OHN is the one who started the movement toward Choice, and he de-serves the credit for it. I thank all of those Secretaries who have worked with us over the past 3 or 4 years to get to the point where we are able to pass the VA MISSION Act today. I will tell you whom I really want to thank. I want to thank all those vet-erans who sacrificed and died for us in the wars before now. The reason we enjoy our freedom and you, Madam President, can preside freely without fear of retribution, I can say what I think without fear of retribution, I can say to our constituents who gather in the Gallery and listen to what we have to say, and protest if they wish, is we have a Constitution and 10 basic amendments, the first 10 being our Bill of Rights. It gives us everything, but the ones who protected that gift are our veterans. It is not a stretch to remember that had it been a different outcome in World War II, I might be speaking Jap-anese or German today, not English, but because of our veterans and be-cause of our soldiers who fought in the Battle of the Bulge, who fought in the Pacific—my father-in-law flew recon-naissance in the Pacific. My brother- in-law was in the Air Force in Viet-nam. If those vets had not risked their lives and really offered their lives in exchange for our liberty and freedom, we wouldn’t be enjoying this today. So we owe no less than the MISSION Act to our veterans. I am proud to be part of it, and I am proud of my committee and my committee members who are doing so much to help us. Let me just say thank you to my col-leagues for your vote yesterday. I urge you to vote today for passage of the VA MISSION Act. It is an honor to serve our country as a Member of the U.S. Senate. It is an honor to be an Amer-ican. May God bless our country. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Dakota. Mr. HOEVEN. Madam President, I rise to speak in support of the VA MIS-SION Act. I want to begin by thanking the chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee who has shown incredible leadership on behalf of our veterans for many years, and this bill fits right in that mold. This is a very important bill for a number of reasons. Obviously, it is an important bill because it supports our veterans, but it really has important provisions in it that will make a dif-ference for our veterans. I want to thank the chairman of the VA Com-mittee. I want to thank him not only for the quality of the work in this bill but for building the bipartisan coali-tion necessary to pass it because it really does make a difference for our veterans, to whom we owe so much. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.024 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2859 May 23, 2018 
I would like to go through not all but some of the provisions that I think are really important, some I worked on and some I think really do make a dif-ference for our great veterans. As I said, I speak in support of the VA MISSION Act. It is bipartisan legis-lation that will help ensure veterans receive the care they so very much de-serve. This piece of legislation not only strengthens the VA’s ability to care for our veterans, but when the VA is un-able to provide that care, it gives our veterans a choice to seek care in their home communities and to do it on a basis that is convenient, that works for them, and then to make sure those healthcare facilities will provide that service to our veterans because they know they will be compensated for it by the VA. That is a huge issue because it is not just about making sure there is care out there for our veterans but making sure it is quality care and that it is available to them. We owe our veterans more than we can ever repay for their incredibly dedicated service. Expanding veterans’ access to healthcare options closer to home is just one of the ways we can show our deep appreciation for their service to our country. Providing this kind of care has prov-en to be particularly challenging for our veterans residing in rural areas. I live in a rural State, and to get that access to quality service in these rural areas is a challenge. It is a challenge we have to address and a challenge we address directly in this legislation, which is why I am so deeply appre-ciative that we are working to pass this legislation. In 2014, the Veterans Choice Program was enacted to alleviate unacceptable waiting times for care at the VA. How-ever, the Veterans Choice Program has been in need of improvement. In 2016, I worked to secure and imple-ment the Veterans Care Coordination Initiative at our Fargo VA health cen-ter. The Fargo VA health center serves all of North Dakota, and it serves half or more of Minnesota as well. The ini-tiative we worked to put in place at the Fargo VA—and the Fargo VA does a tremendous job. We have some VA health centers around the country that obviously need improvement, but the Fargo VA health center does a top- quality job. This initiative is an initiative we put together as part of the Veterans Choice Program. It has allowed veterans seek-ing community care to coordinate all of their healthcare through the Fargo VA health center rather than the third-party contractors that were set up under Veterans Choice, and obvi-ously we had some challenges with those contractors. So this allowed the VA health center to provide that serv-ice directly, both if the veteran came into VA for institutional care at the healthcare center or at one of its CBOCs or if they wanted to get Vet-erans Choice care from a private pro-vider in their local community. The initiative has been very successful and has significantly reduced wait times for community care appointments. The VA MISSION Act builds on that very effort. It builds on that effort by requiring the VA to schedule medical appointments in a timely manner. When the veterans need healthcare, they have to be able to get in and get that care in a timely way. The MISSION Act improves commu-nity care initiatives at the VA, includ-ing the Veterans Choice Program, by streamlining it into a single veterans community care program that will be able to provide better care for our vet-erans. That is the bottom line—better care for our veterans. Today I want to highlight three pri-orities we worked to include in the MISSION Act to provide veterans in North Dakota and across the country with better care closer to home. First, the long-term care piece. When we are talking about care, it is not just medical care; it is long-term care. It is in-home care. It is nursing home care. It is that whole continuum of care that is so important. The VA MISSION Act includes key pieces of legislation I in-troduced as a stand-alone act. That bill was the Veterans Access to Long Term Care and Health Services Act, and it focused on that long-term care piece, making sure veterans could get the VA to reimburse nursing homes and that nursing homes would take that VA re-imbursement and take veterans. That is why I introduced the legisla-tion, along with some of my other col-leagues, to increase veterans’ access to long-term care options in their com-munities. For example, currently, in our State, only about 20 percent of the nursing homes contract with the VA due to dif-ficult regulations and reporting re-quirements. That is not dissimilar from across the country. That is what we are seeing across the country, only a percentage—ultimately, a small per-centage—of nursing homes that will take that VA reimbursement because of the redtape and difficulty con-tracting with the VA in order to get that reimbursement. A veteran should not have to relocate across the State because they can’t go into a nursing home in their community because of that reimbursement issue. That is what this legislation addresses. Think how important that is. You want your veteran to be able to go in and get long-term care in their commu-nity, close to their home, close to their family, right? That is what this is all about. Our legislation will allow non- VA long-term care providers, including nursing homes, to enter into provider agreements with the VA. These agree-ments will cut through the bureau-cratic redtape at the VA that has pre-vented our veterans from receiving long-term care services closer to home. This means veterans can access nurs-ing homes and other long-term care in their communities closer to home and closer to their loved ones. The MISSION Act also expands care-giver benefits to veteran caregivers of all eras. Again, this is a very impor-tant provision. The VA’s program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers includes a monthly tax-free stipend, healthcare coverage under the VA Civilian Health and Medical Pro-gram—if the caregiver is not eligible for coverage under another health plan—counseling and mental health services, up to 30 days of respite care services, reimbursement for travel-re-lated expenses required for an eligible veteran’s examination, treatment, or episode of care, and travel for caregiver training is also reimbursed. Currently, these benefits are only available to caregivers of post-9/11 vet-erans. The inclusion of this provision will help support pre-9/11 veterans and the family and the friends who take care of them. The other provision I want to men-tion again is really important for our rural areas and for our veterans in the rural areas. This is a very important provision. This priority, this provision, removes the Veterans Choice Pro-gram’s 30-day, 40-mile eligibility re-quirement. So it removes that 30-day wait, that 40-mile eligibility require-ment. Instead, the bill allows veterans to receive care in their local commu-nity when services are not available through the VA or if the veteran and his VA medical team determine that receiving community care would be in the best interest of the veteran—again, what is best for our veterans. This is a priority we have been work-ing on for veterans in my home State and really States across the country, particularly our rural States. As I mentioned, for example, North Dakota’s only health center is in Fargo. We have CBOCs around the State, but the only health center, the full-scope health center, is in Fargo. As I said, it covers all of North Dakota and, frankly, most of Minnesota. We have these community-based clinics out there. While they provide some services, they aren’t always equipped to provide the care necessary for our veterans. So what does that mean? That means the veteran has to travel in some cases a long distance. Under the Veterans Choice Program’s 30-day, 40-mile eligibility requirement, a veteran living within 40 miles of a CBOC meant they either had to go to that CBOC or travel a long distance to a VA health center. So they weren’t el-igible for that community care, as I say, forcing many veterans to travel long distances, often in inclement weather, in order to receive VA reim-bursed care. This legislation, the MIS-SION Act, removes that requirement. So now, when a VA medical center or CBOC can’t provide the service a vet-eran needs, then those veterans will be able to access healthcare services in their local community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.026 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2860 May 23, 2018 
So we have veterans traveling hun-dreds of miles now, round trip, incon-venienced, making it very difficult for them and their families. No more. Under this legislation, that 40-mile re-quirement and the 30-day limit is taken away. If it is most convenient for a veteran to access care from a pri-vate provider in their community, they can do it. That is a huge step in mak-ing the Choice Program work for our veterans. Just a few days from now, our Nation will set aside a day to honor those who made the ultimate sacrifice. It is be-cause of their sacrifice that we can ex-perience the freedoms we enjoy as Americans. Sending this legislation to the President’s desk is one way we can show our gratitude for their actions. I wish to congratulate again the great Senator from the State of Geor-gia and thank the Senate VA Com-mittee staff for their leadership, perse-verance, and hard work to get to this point. I am pleased that both sides of the aisle have come together to sup-port this legislation and to support our veterans. I am proud to support the VA MISSION Act. Again, I urge my col-leagues to support its passage. With that, I yield the floor for the Senator from the State of Missouri. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The Senator from Missouri. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I join my colleague from Georgia. I also join Sen-ator H
OEVEN in mentioning the incred-ible leadership that Senator I
SAKSON  has shown for veterans and the way we deal with veterans’ concerns. We honor their service. The Senator from North Dakota just mentioned that Monday, of course, is Memorial Day. On Memorial Day in 1983, President Reagan said: 
I don’t have to tell you how fragile this precious gift of freedom is. Every time we hear, watch, or read the news, we are re-minded that liberty is a rare commodity in this world. 
President Reagan’s words from 35 years ago are every bit as significant today as they were then. The willing-ness to pay the price for freedom has been paid by every soldier, sailor, air-man, and marine, and every person in the Coast Guard, the National Guard, and the Reserves. So on Memorial Day, we honor their willingness to do that. This is a good time also for us to dis-cuss the things Congress has been doing to try to honor that service as we continue to look at the challenges that veterans face. I have spoken before about the HIRE Vets Act, which was signed into law last year. The bill es-tablished the HIRE Vets Program with-in the Department of Labor to provide tiered recognition of what employers do based on their contributions for vet-eran employment. Some of the criteria were things like these: What percent-age of the new hires are veterans or what percentage of the overall work-force is veterans? What types of train-ing and leadership development oppor-tunities are made available that vet-erans have unique opportunities to take advantage of? What recognition is given to skills that veterans learn while serving? What other benefits and resources are offered to veterans— things like tuition assistance? Creating a national standard will help vets narrow down their employ-ment options and focus on their job search efforts. The HIRE Vets Program is up and running. This year, over 300 employers have signed up to participate in the pilot program, and we will see how that pilot works. I hope it works as well as those of us who sponsored and voted for the legislation thought it would—as a way to begin to give the recognition to employers that they deserve when they go beyond saying: Of course, we like to hire vets. HIRE Vets shows just exactly how much you like to hire vets and what difference it makes when you hire those vets. The second program that is getting started this year is the Military Fam-ily Stability Act. It was signed into law last November. We have the most powerful military in the world, the most well-trained military in the world, and a military that we have in-vested money, training, and energy in like none other. But the real strength of the military, according to military leader after military leader, is military families. In the Military Family Stability Act, we have created a new opportunity for families, because of education reasons or work reasons, to leave earlier than the spouse who is serving has been as-signed for or to stay a little later if school is going to start before you oth-erwise were going to get there or school is going to be out a couple of weeks or a couple of months after the serving spouse had to leave. We have given families that option for the first time, where the family residential sup-port money stays, and I think lots of families are going to take advantage of that. Families in the past could do that if everybody up and down the chain of command agreed. Now families get to do that because they think it works for their families. Secretary Mattis and Chairman M
CCAINare very supportive of this pro-gram, as was the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Dunford, and we are looking forward to seeing how families are able this year, for the first time, to look at that next assignment and decide when it is the right time for the family to move to that assignment. I have talked to lots of families, many of whom saw that moment as the moment they decided to leave the mili-tary or the moment they looked back and saw it as their most challenging time, when a spouse’s job had to need-lessly suffer or that last month of school couldn’t be completed just be-cause they didn’t have that flexibility. Now, President Trump has just nomi-nated Acting Secretary Robert Wilkie to head the VA. We look forward to his leadership there. The President and the acting head of the VA just signed a contract with Cerner, a Kansas City company that will modernize the VA’s healthcare IT records, the records that healthcare providers in the whole sys-tem can access. Cerner was already in the process of coming up with a system that worked for the active Defense De-partment. So it only made sense for them to be the company that also makes that transition into the even bigger VA health system—a system that works. Almost 2 million veterans have used the Veterans Choice Program. Senator ISAKSON has talked about how the bill we will be voting on improves that pro-gram. The Senator from North Dakota just spoke about some of the obstacles that, frankly, the VA system had put in the way of veterans who wanted to take advantage of the program. I have had people from Missouri in our office lately who are looking at VA health. We had a great discussion with the hospital administrators in our State about how it not only helps them but particularly helps small commu-nity hospitals, if they can identify something that a community hospital does better than they do and they are able to assign that work to be done there. The bill expands, as Senator H
OEVEN  just mentioned, the caregivers program and makes the eligibility for caregivers greater than it has been before. Senator B
LUMENTHAL and I had a bill that was incorporated into the pro-gram, the Veteran PEER Act, which just simply turns to peer group vet-erans and lets them become part of the emotional and mental support team for veterans who are being challenged. I am glad to see that legislation in the MISSION act that has gone through the process. Certainly, Senator I
SAK-
SONand Senator B OOZMAN and others on the Veterans Committee—the peo-ple who have served on that committee in many cases in the House and Sen-ate—realize what needs to be done here. Nearly 40 veterans service organi-zations, like the VFW and the Amer-ican Legion, support this legislation. Together with the VA MISSION Act, the electronic health records system contract that is now being performed by Cerner, the HIRE Vets Act, and the Military Family Stability Act, I think what we see here is that when we think we have done everything we need to do to honor our veterans and, then, we look more closely, we find that there are still things that we can do, that we will do, that we clearly are willing to do. We owe veterans that. We recognize veterans in many ways over the next few days, but the Vet-erans’ Administration has a job to rec-ognize veterans every day and fulfill our obligation to veterans every day. I look forward to seeing the implementa-tion of this well-thought-out addition to the veterans health system. I see my friend from Arkansas, Sen-ator B
OOZMAN , is here, and he is next on our list. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.027 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2861 May 23, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arkansas. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Missouri very much. Our Nation’s veterans were promised access to healthcare for their service and their sacrifice. This week we con-tinue our work to uphold that pledge. The bill before us, the VA MISSION Act, aims to transform the Department of Veterans Affairs delivery of commu-nity healthcare. That is a welcome job. Specifically, the VA MISSION Act consolidates and improves VA commu-nity care programs so veterans have access to healthcare and services in their own communities. This is impor-tant because veterans should have ac-cess to the best healthcare and services in a timely manner, regardless of where they live. Under this legislation, a veteran and his or her doctor will decide where that veteran will receive care, taking into consideration the veteran’s healthcare needs and the availability and the quality of both VA and community care. For largely rural States, like Arkan-sas, this makes all the sense in the world. We have two VA medical centers in the Natural State, in Little Rock and in Fayetteville, as well as facilities in neighboring States that often serve Arkansas veterans. The healthcare pro-viders and staff at those facilities that are community-based outpatient clin-ics in Arkansas truly do an excellent job in caring for our veterans. But the VA medical centers are in populated areas, which, in cases where veterans need more advanced care than the CBOC can provide, it means a full- day trip for many veterans. It is unnec-essary when a veteran could receive similar quality care outside the VA system in their communities. The serv-ice options provided in this bill will give veterans who live far from the VA facility and need frequent followup care easier access to local providers and walk-in clinics. As noted in a letter signed by over 30 VSOs supporting the VA MISSION Act, the legislation is an effort to ‘‘supple-ment, not supplant, VA healthcare.’’ That is very important to note. Much like the Choice Program that preceded it, the new system that will be estab-lished by the VA MISSION Act is not meant to replace VA healthcare. Rath-er, it builds on the foundation laid out by the Choice Program, which ad-dressed many shortcomings within the VA system that led to the wait-time process. Last year, I launched a listening tour to hear from Arkansas veterans about their experiences within the Choice Program, so we can better meet their needs. I heard from Arkansas veterans who have been able to get quality care from private providers in their own community when the VA system could not meet their needs. That is a good thing, but as the veterans with whom I met noted, the Choice Program had its share of problems, its share of troubles. I heard repeated stories of difficulties navigating the complex and confusing bureaucratic process. This legislation aims to alleviate those problems. While VA implements the new system, we cannot afford to let care slip for our veterans. That is why we made sure the VA MISSION Act authorizes funding to continue the current Choice Program for more than a year. In addition to the improvements to healthcare delivery, the bill will enable us to conduct better and more con-sistent oversight into how the VA spends money on veterans’ healthcare. This is a priority for me as the chair-man of the Appropriations Sub-committee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs. We must ensure that the VA is efficiently and effec-tively providing veterans with quality healthcare, whether at a VA facility or a private facility in the community. The VA MISSION Act will also improve the VA’s ability to hire quality healthcare professionals, strengthen opioid prescription guidelines for non- VA providers, and create a process to evaluate and reform VA facilities so they can best serve veterans. I wish to quickly highlight two other important provisions of the bill. One is the expansion of the VA caregiver ben-efits to veterans of all generations. This is a long-overdue reform that will correct an injustice that left family caregivers and veterans injured before September 11, 2001, without critical care. Caregivers and veterans of World War II, the Korean war, the Vietnam war, and the Gulf war will now have ac-cess to the same benefits as the post-9/ 11 veterans. The second revision is based off a bill I cosponsored that would authorize VA healthcare professionals to provide treatment to patients via telemedicine regardless of where the covered healthcare professional or patient is lo-cated. The Arkansas VA medical cen-ters are leaders in telehealth, which holds great promise, especially for largely rural States like Arkansas. It is important that the VA continue to encourage its growth without unneces-sary bureaucratic redtape. This bill is a great example of what we can accomplish through bipartisan, bicameral compromise, working to-gether for our veterans. I thank the majority leader for swift-ly bringing up this bill for consider-ation after the House overwhelmingly passed it. I commend Chairman I
SAK-
SON’s hard work and leadership. I ap-preciate the great job he has done and also Ranking Member T
ESTER , who took the advice of all VA Committee members into consideration while working on this major piece of legisla-tion. I look forward to supporting the VA MISSION Act on the Senate floor so our veterans have access to the quality care they deserve. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to enter into a col-loquy with Senator ISAKSON . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I thank Chairman I
SAKSON for the work he has done on this important issue. It has been a long road to work through reforming the VA. The VA is excep-tionally complicated. There are a lot of interests engaged with this. He has heard a lot of voices from all over the country and all over this town in order to help resolve some of the issues and bring them together. This is exceptionally important, though, for our veterans—especially for our veterans who live in rural areas that are very far from healthcare. Section 101 of this bill requires the VA to give access to community care when a veteran’s referring clinician agrees that furnishing care or services in the community would be in the best interest of the veteran after consid-ering certain criteria—and this is very important—things such as the distance they have to travel; the nature of the care that is required; the frequency of the care, so they don’t have to travel back and forth, often for long dis-tances; the timeliness of available ap-pointments; whether the covered vet-eran faces an unusual or excessive bur-den. It includes the family and the vet-eran. So in the conversation that is happening, it is not just a clinician making a decision; the veterans are at the table, and their family is brought into consideration. This is important not just for so many veterans who have to travel long distances; it is important for veterans who live close. The chairman and I have spoken on this briefly before. I have a veteran in my State who was at the Muskogee facility and who was getting great care. I stopped by to visit veterans in the Muskogee facility and went room to room visiting with peo-ple, checking on them and their care. I asked how he was doing, and he said he had great nurses and great doctors and has really done well. My next question: Is this the first time you have been in this facility? He said: Well, no—kind of. I had can-cer treatment a couple of years ago. But they couldn’t do it here in my town; they sent me to Seattle to get my cancer treatments. I said: Did your family get to go? He said: No, sir. They couldn’t go. So that was the best facility. He said: I got good care there, but I went a long way and spent months and months away from my family getting chemo, radiation, surgery, and then followup. He would have loved to have done that at any number of cancer facilities in Oklahoma. In fact, in Oklahoma City, there is a National Cancer Insti-tute—one of top 2 percent of all the cancer hospitals in the country is right down the road. The question is, Once this bill passes, in future situations where veterans are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.029 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2862 May 23, 2018 
facing great need for specialties—like cancer and other issues—will this be a situation where veterans will continue to be sent across the country, away from their families, for care because that is easiest on the VA, or will their family members and the frequency of visits be brought to bear in that so they will be able to make the decision that maybe they can get that great care locally? Mr. ISAKSON. I thank the distin-guished Senator from Oklahoma. I will tell him that the story of his veteran from Muskogee led us to the way we wrote a lot of the provisions in section 101. Comfort, ease, and accessibility for the veteran are equally important to every other consideration that will go in. The veteran who was sent to Seattle before would now be able to get treat-ment in Oklahoma City or in Muskogee or wherever else closer to home that is more convenient as long as it is in the best interest of that patient. Specifi-cally, it says that a veteran and the veteran’s referring clinician agree that the care or services in the community would be in the best medical interest of the veteran after considering criteria, including—and then all those criteria. So every personal criterion, as well as medical criterion, is considered. So that should never happen again be-cause of the VA MISSION Act. I appre-ciate the Senator bringing it to our at-tention, and I hope it never happens again in Oklahoma or anywhere in the United States. Mr. LANKFORD. Anywhere else. I thank the chairman for that clarifica-tion. We look forward to doing what is in the best interest of the veteran and the veteran’s care—not necessarily what is the simplest thing for the VA but what is in the best interest of that veteran and their family. I appreciate all the great folks at the VA who serve our veterans so faith-fully every day and will continue to be able to give them what they need to do that but also help our veterans know that they are going to be taken care of in the best possible way. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, as we ap-proach Memorial Day weekend, we will soon pause to honor and remember the members of our Armed Forces who have paid the ultimate price in service to our country. As Americans, we honor all our vet-erans who have sacrificially fought for our freedoms—certainly those who have paid with their lives but also those who have returned home, deter-mined that we not forget their fallen brothers- and sisters-in-arms. Among the most meaningful ways Congress can honor our veterans is to uphold the promises that have been made to them. One such promise and responsibility is to ensure that Amer-ica’s veterans have access to the qual-ity medical care they earned through their service. I thank Chairman I SAKSON and his staff for all the effort they have put into the bill before us. His tireless work on behalf of America’s veterans has produced the compromise legisla-tion now pending that aims to reform the VA’s broken community care pro-grams. I particularly appreciate Chairman I
SAKSON for sending his staff to Wyo-ming to understand the problems our veterans and providers have had with VA Choice. Since the VA Choice Program was enacted in 2014, I have received hun-dreds of letters and calls from people across Wyoming who were so frustrated with the program that they felt they had no other choice but to call their Senator. I have been contacted by vet-erans who could not access timely fol-lowup care or critical screenings be-cause of unpaid claims, leading to pro-viders dropping patients. Some vet-erans are even facing collections from the Choice Program’s failure to pay the providers’ claims. Similarly, many providers have not been paid for medical services they have provided. That has led some of Wyoming’s physicians to stop partici-pating in VA Choice. We are the least populated State in the Nation, but ear-lier this month, we had 3,130 pending claims in Wyoming, with 1,025 of them being over 30 days old. To get those numbers to even that level has re-quired multiple meetings with the De-partment of Veterans Affairs and the administrator of the VA Choice Pro-gram for Wyoming. At the end of March, there were 5,319 pending claims and 3,214 more that were more than 30 days old. A number of my colleagues have participated in those meetings, and I appreciate their shared interest in improving care for our veterans in rural States. Despite those meetings, I still hear reports about how difficult it is to get simple questions answered. Whether dealing with the VA directly or with contractors who are supposed to ad-minister the program, the process of receiving and paying for healthcare services is broken. I believe the problems faced by Wyo-ming’s veterans and doctors will be im-proved by this bill. I thank the Senator from Georgia for including provisions related to healthcare providers, vet-eran education, prompt payment to providers, tools for the VA to resolve payment issues, and VA flexibility to enter into agreements between VA fa-cilities and healthcare providers. How-ever, I do have one disappointment. I do have one concern with the bill. It is not paid for. I believe we must ac-knowledge that borrowing more money to pay for this program isn’t an ideal way to honor our veterans. CBO esti-mates that Federal outlays will total more than $56.6 trillion over the next 10 years—that is $56,600 billion—and yet nowhere in that budget can we find $4.5 billion to offset the cost of this program? I believe we should care for our vet-erans in a fiscally responsible manner. In fact, I believe this is the best way to ensure their care long term, as well as the care for veterans of the next gen-eration. I ask for support of the bill. I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to engage in a colloquy with my friend and colleague, the distinguished chairman of the Sen-ate Veterans’ Affairs Committee, Sen-ator I
SAKSON . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I would like to confirm my under-standing that the term Indian Health Service as it appears in section 101 of the MISSION Act of 2018 includes Trib-al health providers that are funded by the Indian Health Service and step into the shoes of the Indian Health Service pursuant to the Indian Self-Determina-tion and Education Assistance Act to provide healthcare. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, the Senator is correct. The term Indian Health Service includes Indian Tribes and Tribal organizations that operate healthcare facilities in lieu of the In-dian Health Service pursuant to a con-tract or self-governance compact with the Federal Government. Mr. ENZI. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMERICA ’S WATER INFRASTRUCTURE ACT  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, over the past 50 years, our country has gone from being a construction society to a consumption society. As a result, our bridges, our roads, our dams, and our waterways have suffered. President Trump has said that rebuilding Amer-ica’s infrastructure is a priority for his administration. He said that we will build ‘‘with American heart, American hands, and American grit.’’ That is what President Trump said in the State of the Union this year. Yesterday the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works took a big step toward meeting that goal. We voted to approve the America’s Water Infrastructure Act. There are a lot of people in Wyoming and around the Rocky Mountain West, as well, who say that—well, it was originally attributed to Mark Twain, and it goes like this: ‘‘Whiskey is for drinking; water is for fighting over.’’ Surprisingly, in this case, we actu-ally didn’t fight over the water of the United States. This legislation was written by Republicans and Democrats, and it passed with unanimous, bipar-tisan support of 21 to 0. Both parties 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.031 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2863 May 23, 2018 
agreed that there is a lot we can do to improve America’s water infrastruc-ture. Basically, the bill comes down to three big things. It grows the economy and creates jobs, it cuts redtape by get-ting more control out of Washington, and it keeps communities safe. The first way this legislation sup-ports America’s economy is by increas-ing water storage. That is a big con-cern in my home State of Wyoming and across the West. We have had a serious problem over the years where sediment builds up behind dams in the lakes where water is stored. That sediment limits the amount of water the lakes can hold. We are telling the Army Corps of Engineers and other agencies to develop plans to deal with this sedi-ment at Federal reservoirs. That is a simple thing that Washington can do, and now it is going to get done. We are also expanding water storage capacity by making it easier to get permits for additional reservoirs. We have a facility in Lincoln County, WY, that is called the Fontenelle Reservoir. We have been trying to expand the water storage at that reservoir for years. This legislation makes sure the expansion will finally occur. Farmers, ranchers, and communities nearby will get a new, reliable supply of the water they need. Of course, the water doesn’t do much good if people can’t get it where they need it. So we fix the failing irrigation systems that are so important in rural areas. We are also improving America’s in-land waterways, which people rely on to move products to market. On the coasts, we deepen some of the most vital ports, and we can ship goods from there around the world. The pro-growth policies, like the tax cuts we passed last year, have helped America’s economy take off. Now we need to make sure that we have the water infrastructure in place to keep it growing, to keep people working, and to keep American raw materials and American-made products moving. The second thing this legislation does is to cut some of the burdensome and unnecessary redtape that does nothing but get in the way of economic progress that we need. We are going to make sure that these water projects re-flect the priorities of the American people, not the priorities of Wash-ington bureaucrats. That means more local control over which projects get built. Local leaders know what they need, and they know which projects will make the biggest difference. Once we identify the best projects, then we need to make sure that they actually get built. Today, the permit-ting process can drag on for years, while people get more and more des-perate for projects to be finished. The America’s Water Infrastructure Act will push the Army Corps of Engi-neers to complete all feasibility studies for new projects within less than 2 years. We also eliminate the need for multiple benefit-cost-ratio assessments for a single project. These are expen-sive, and they take lot of time. Often, the Army Corps of Engineers will re-quire new assessments several times for a single project. This legislation gets rid of these redundant studies. It is going to make a big difference in getting things built on time and on budget. The third big thing that this legisla-tion does is to help keep American communities safe. We are going to re-pair some of the old drinking water and wastewater systems across the coun-try. We provide help for places that need to clean up pollution in their water and to keep the pollution from getting into the water in the first place. As a doctor, I can tell you that this is extremely important for the health of our families and for our com-munities. That is why it is a priority in this legislation. We also take some important steps to reduce floods in rural areas. In my home State of Wyoming and in other parts of the West, this is a continual threat for many people. Every spring they have to worry about floods caused by snow and ice melting. We have dams and levees where maintenance has been put off for so long that people are anx-ious every time the water starts to rise. We are addressing the backlog of maintenance as well. We are looking for ways to permanently fix some of these areas where ice backs up along the rivers and cause serious damage. Most people don’t give a lot of thought to the water that comes into their home. They turn on the faucet, water comes out, comes into the house, and water goes out of the house. This legislation makes sure that people don’t have to worry about that chang-ing. Their water will be safe, reliable, and abundant so they will not have to worry about it. For most of us in the West, water is always on our minds. It is vital to our way of life. We rely on irrigation and water storage for our livestock and our crops. We rely on water to transport our products to markets far away. We rely on dams and levees to protect us from floods. This legislation makes sure that people in rural communities can still count on the water being there when we need it. That is good for all of us. Repub-licans and Democrats agree. We know there is a lot of work to be done to ad-dress America’s water infrastructure needs. We know we need to get the job done right. We need to get it done fast-er, better, cheaper, and smarter. The America’s Water Infrastructure Act does just that. This cooperative piece of legislation passed the committee 21 to 0. Now it is time for the entire Sen-ate to act. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I wish to start by congratulating my col-league from Wyoming on reporting out this legislation on water infrastructure and, particularly, for the help he has given us with regard to the Great Lakes. What the Senator has done to help us to maintain and to protect the Great Lakes is very much appreciated. It is the No. 1 tourist destination in Ohio, and there is a $6 billion fishing industry in the Great Lakes, with Lake Erie being the No. 1 lake for fishing. The Great Lakes Restoration Initia-tive the Senator supported is incred-ibly important, as well as keeping the dredge material out of the lake and helping us with the Army Corps. We thank the Senator. We also hope to keep invasive species out of the lake, including bighead carp, which would ruin that $6 billion fishing industry. We thank the Senator for his support. We look forward to getting that bill to the floor soon for a vote. 
MEMORIAL DAY  
Mr. President, today I wish to talk, as other colleagues have, about the men and women of our Armed Forces— the brave men and women in uniform who protect us every day and some of whom have made the ultimate sacrifice for all of us. This coming Monday, of course, is Memorial Day. This holiday weekend is a time for all of us to kick back a little bit, spend some time with our families, relax, and be with friends. But let’s not forget what Memorial Day stands for. It is first and foremost an opportunity to reflect on the service and sacrifice of those who gave their lives defending the freedoms we enjoy and sometimes take for granted as Americans. I will be spending part of the day at a Memorial Day parade that I try to attend every year and have for many years in Blue Ash, OH, which is north of Cincinnati. It is an event that I think is as patriotic as any I have seen in my State. It is a wonderful parade. There are many veterans in the parade but also veterans who come to watch. It ends at a beautiful memorial for our veterans. It was constructed over time in Blue Ash, paying tribute to patriots from every single conflict we have been involved in as a country since our founding. Across the country on Memorial Day, we will give humble thanks to those brave men and women in uniform who, during their lives, fought for the prin-ciples we hold dearest and who, in their deaths, sacrificed themselves in de-fense of those Americans ideals. Freedom is bought at a price, some-times a very high price—the price of lives, of limbs, of some of the veterans who gave the prime years of their lives for all of us. Part of the cost is the scars of war. Some of those scars are very visible, of course. Others are more invisible—those who are coming back with PTSD or traumatic brain injuries. Those scars can’t be seen, but they are certainly felt. Servicemembers brave those risks because of their sense of duty and their sense of patriotism. I am proud to be the son and the grandson of two Army infantry lieuten-ants. One is a World War I veteran, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.034 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2864 May 23, 2018 
one is a World War II veteran. They in-stilled in me this importance of duty, hard work, the virtue of service, and the merits of servant leadership. They believed in these values and embodied them in their lives, as so many vet-erans do. This weekend, as we pay thanks to the many men and women who were laid to rest under the flag they died de-fending, we should all take a moment to remember and thank all veterans as well—past and present—whose service also has made our way of life possible. The men and women of our United States military represent the best in all of us, and they deserve the best from all of us. 
VA MISSION BILL  
Today, Mr. President, the Senate will vote on what is called the VA MISSION Act, which is a bipartisan bill that will reform the Veterans Choice Program. I have heard my colleagues speak about this legislation on the floor this morn-ing and this afternoon, and I agree with them that this is a positive step forward. It will expand private care op-tions and provide veterans in Ohio and around the country with more choices and fewer barriers to ensure they will have the best healthcare possible. By the way, the bill has passed the House of Representatives already. It passed last week, and it received more than 370 votes. That is unusual around this place. That was out of 435, so it was a strong majority. I look forward to its passing the Senate with a sweep-ing bipartisan majority as well so it can be signed into law as soon as pos-sible and begin to help the veterans I represent in Ohio and around the coun-try. We had another positive development for veterans last week when the Sen-ate’s Energy and Natural Resources Committee passed a bipartisan bill I introduced with Senator B
ROWN that would designate the spectacular new Veterans Memorial and Museum, in Co-lumbus, OH, which is scheduled to open later this year in the fall, as the Na-tional Veterans Memorial and Museum. It will be a spectacular structure. More importantly, it will have terrific exhib-its on the inside to allow for future generations to know about the selfless sacrifices that have been made by so many men and women of the Armed Forces. The National Veterans Memorial and Museum in Columbus will be one im-portant way we will commemorate not only brave Ohioans but all American veterans. This legislation will have been voted on by both Houses and will be signed into law by the President, I hope, very soon. In fact, I would love to get this bill through this body before Memorial Day as a way to pay tribute to our veterans again. It is not something we are asking the taxpayers to support. This National Veterans Memorial and Museum is being supported by $75 million that has been raised in the private sector. There is a philanthropist in the Columbus area named Les Wexner, who has taken the lead on this issue, but it has in-volved a lot of the businesses in the Greater Columbus area as well as indi-viduals from all around the country who have stepped forward to say we need to have a National Veterans Me-morial and Museum and that Colum-bus, OH, is the right place for it. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation as we hotline it in the U.S. Senate and try to get it done even be-fore Memorial Day. On this Memorial Day, as we remem-ber those who have sacrificed their lives for our country, let us also re-member why they offered to lay down their lives. Why? It is that this Nation under God is worth fighting for. We are eternally grateful for their sacrifices and for the service of all military members—those in the past, those in the present, and those who will step forward to protect us and serve our great country. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. TOOMEY ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I rise to urge my colleagues to confirm Brian Montgomery as Federal Housing Com-missioner. The Federal Housing Ad-ministration or FHA plays an impor-tant role in today’s housing finance market, promoting homeownership and ensuring access to affordable mortgage credit for millions of Americans. When FHA operates in a safe, viable manner, it can help many deserving people gain a foothold in our housing market who otherwise would not have been able to do so. FHA also plays a countercyclical role in the mortgage marketplace, providing market liquid-ity in times when traditional sources of home financing dry up, as they did a decade ago. Since 1934, the FHA has insured mortgages for more than 40 million families. Today, the FHA is the largest mortgage insurer in the world. It is also the primary facilitator of reverse mortgages and supports a nationwide network of housing counseling agen-cies. Yet for nearly 4 years it has not had a Senate-confirmed leader. Fortunately, the time has finally come to fill this vacancy. I know Brian Montgomery will do a terrific job. Brian Montgomery is an ideal can-didate to take up the mantle because he has done it before. Mr. Montgomery provided steadfast leadership at the helm of FHA between 2005 and 2009, under Presidents Bush and Obama, during one of the most try-ing times the housing markets had ever seen. His nearly unanimous support from housing stakeholders speaks to this strong track record of experience and expertise. Once confirmed, Mr. Mont-gomery can hit the ground running, moving FHA forward in pursuit of its continuing mission. I look forward to continued conversa-tions with him on opportunities to im-prove America’s housing finance sys-tem, which continues to be urgently needed. I also look forward to working with him on how we can make HUD programs more effective and more effi-cient, with better stewardship of tax-payer dollars. Thirteen years ago, this body con-firmed Mr. Montgomery on a voice vote to serve as FHA Commissioner. I ask my colleagues to once again confirm him to this critical role. Thank you. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. VA MISSION BILL  
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I come briefly to the floor to encourage all Members of the Senate to vote for the VA MISSION bill. It is long overdue, a lot of hard work went into it, and it had a great vote on cloture of 91 to 4. I am sure we will have an out-standing vote today because it is a vote for our veterans, for the promises we made to them for better quality healthcare and a better VA. It would not have happened if it were not for a lot of people, but one of the most key persons in making sure this bipartisan bill passes with the overwhelming mar-gin it deserves is J
ONTESTER , my rank-ing member on the committee. We worked together hand in hand for about 3 years. We had enough pitfalls to want to quit many times but never did because we knew the ultimate goal was to meet our veterans’ needs. Today, when we adopt this bill, and later on this month when it is signed, it will be because of the hard work of a lot of people but none more important than J
ONTESTER from Montana. I thank my ranking member for en-couraging everyone to vote for the bill, and I thank the Presiding Officer at this time. I yield to the ranking member. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I thank the chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, Senator I
SAKSON , for the leadership he has shown from the get- go. From the moment he took the gavel in the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee, he has been wanting to work together in a bipartisan way, put aside our differences, and get things done. This VA MISSION Act had a great vote yesterday, and people might say: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.035 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2865 May 23, 2018 
Well, gee, this is just another one of those slam-dunk bills. It is not. We would not be here today if it wasn’t for Chairman I
SAKSON and the great work he has done on this bill. I also thank the entire Senate Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee. I thank the leadership of the House Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee. I thank the 38 vet-erans service organizations that offered their support for this bill. I said many times during the hearings, we will take our cues from the veterans. This is ex-actly what the entire Senate, hope-fully, will do in a minute or two with this bill, is take our cues from the peo-ple who serve this country in the mili-tary. This is a big win for them. They are also going to put a lot of pressure on the VA to deliver for them, but, nonetheless, this is one of those rare times when the Senate and House have done their job and done it in a bipar-tisan way, worked together, and worked for the benefit of the veterans of this country. I also thank my staff, Tony McClain, Dahlia Melendrez, and Jon Coen for their great work. In a brief review, what this bill does is scrap the Choice Program and all the community care programs and puts them into one program where the vet-eran and the doctor control where to seek care, whether it is within the VA or the private sector. It strengthens the VA and helps build capacity in the VA in two ways, with a loan repayment program for our employees, and it incentivizes medical residencies within the VA. It also improves rural healthcare in States where I come from in Montana by deploying mobile health teams and by expanding telehealth. Finally, this bill expands the care-giver program to veterans of all eras— something Senator M
URRAY has worked on for years and years. I was there when Senator M
URRAY came up to the chairman of the committee on a previous bill and said to Chairman I
SAKSON : We really need this caregiver bill in. Chairman I
SAKSON said: We are not going to forget about you, Patty. We are going to make sure this is taken care of. He lived up to his prom-ise to her, and he lived up to those vet-erans who have a family member who takes care of them at home, where peo-ple don’t even know what is going on. They don’t even know what is hap-pening. Sometimes these folks have to quit their job to take care of a veteran at home who needs help. So the care-giver program is a very important part of this bill. It happened because we worked to-gether. When I go home to Montana people ask: How come you guys can’t work together? We kind of broke the mold a little bit, and we worked to-gether in a bipartisan way. We put aside politics, and we did what was right for our country and our veterans. Hopefully, we will get a strong vote out of this bill when it is brought up for passage, and we can get it to the President for his signature. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Montgomery nomination? Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. FLAKE ) and the Sen-ator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 74, nays 23, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 105 Ex.] YEAS—74 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blunt Booker Boozman Burr Capito Cardin Carper Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski Murphy Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Scott Shelby Smith Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Van Hollen Warner Wicker Young 
NAYS—23 
Blumenthal Brown Cantwell Casey Cortez Masto Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Heinrich Hirono Markey Merkley Murray Reed Sanders Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Duckworth Flake McCain 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. LEGISLATIVE SESSION VETERANS CEMETERY BENEFIT CORRECTION ACT The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume legislative session and the clerk will report the House message to ac-company S. 2372. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
House message to accompany S. 2372, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to pro-vide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other pur-poses. 
Pending: 
McConnell motion to concur in the amend-ment of the House to the bill. McConnell motion to concur in the amend-ment of the House to the bill, with McCon-nell amendment No. 2246 (to the House amendment to the bill), to change the enact-ment date. McConnell amendment No. 2247 (to amend-ment No. 2246), of a perfecting nature. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, all postcloture time is expired. The Senator from Texas. 
VOTE ON MOTION TO CONCUR WITH AMENDMENT  
NO. 2246 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I move to table the motion to concur with amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to S. 2372 with further amend-ment. The motion was agreed to. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the remaining votes in the series be 10 minutes in length. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VOTE ON MOTION TO CONCUR  
The question is on agreeing to the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to S. 2372. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) and the Sen-ator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 92, nays 5, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 106 Leg.] YEAS—92 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.037 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2866 May 23, 2018 
Cassidy Collins Coons Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rubio Sasse Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—5 
Corker Merkley Rounds Sanders Schatz 
NOT VOTING—3 
Duckworth Flake McCain 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Jelena McWilliams, of Ohio, to be Chairperson of the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation for a term of five years. Mike Crapo, John Thune, Pat Roberts, David Perdue, Michael B. Enzi, Lamar Alexander, John Boozman, Thom Tillis, John Hoeven, James M. Inhofe, Mike Rounds, Richard Burr, John Cor-nyn, Tim Scott, John Barrasso, Jerry Moran. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Jelena McWilliams, of Ohio, to be Chairperson of the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Cor-poration, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) and the Sen-ator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 72, nays 25, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 107 Ex.] YEAS—72 
Alexander Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski Murphy Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Van Hollen Warner Wicker Young 
NAYS—25 
Baldwin Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cortez Masto Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Heinrich Hirono Markey Merkley Murray Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Duckworth Flake McCain 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 72, the nays are 25. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Jelena McWilliams, of Ohio, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation for a term of six years. Mike Crapo, John Thune, Pat Roberts, David Perdue, Michael B. Enzi, Lamar Alexander, John Boozman, Thom Tillis, Tim Scott, James M. Inhofe, John Hoeven, Richard Burr, Mike Rounds, John Cornyn, John Barrasso, Jerry Moran. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Jelena McWilliams, of Ohio, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corpora-tion for a term of six years, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) and the Sen-ator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. DUCKWORTH ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 73, nays 23, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 108 Ex.] YEAS—73 
Alexander Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski Murphy Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shaheen Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Van Hollen Warner Wicker Young 
NAYS—23 
Baldwin Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cortez Masto Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Heinrich Hirono Markey Merkley Murray Schatz Schumer Smith Stabenow Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—4 
Duckworth Flake McCain Sanders 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 73, the nays are 23. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report both nominations. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nominations of Jelena McWilliams, of Ohio, to be Chairperson of the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation for a term of five years; and Jelena McWilliams, of Ohio, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation for a term of six years. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. 
TRIBUTE TO MAJOR GENERAL JOSEPH MARTIN  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I want to take a moment to recognize MG Joseph M. Martin and his outstanding military career, which is made evident by a sig-nificant milestone promotion to lieu-tenant general. Major General Martin is the commanding general of the 1st Infantry Division at Fort Riley, KS, and assumed this command in October of 2016 when he took command of the Big Red One—the Army’s longest serv-ing, permanent division since 1917. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.002 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2867 May 23, 2018 
Within days of assuming command of the Big Red One in 2016, he deployed with his division headquarters, 500 of his soldiers, to Iraq. He assumed lead-ership of the Combined Joint Forces Land Component Command-Iraq in support of Operation Inherent Resolve. Major General Martin’s combat lead-ership was remarkable in Iraq. During the 9-month deployment, he led the fight, alongside the Government of Iraq, against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria in Mosul. His efforts, and the efforts of the brave soldiers in the U.S. Army and all of our troops, led to the defeat of ISIS in Mosul and the de-struction of their territorial hold. ISIS had been in control of Mosul since 2014 but were beaten back by Major General Martin and his forces. They liberated 1.8 million Iraqis, and it was a remark-able victory. In the manner of a true combat lead-er, Major General Martin was one of the last soldiers to return from the mission in July of 2017. When General Martin returned stateside, he quickly demonstrated his leadership back on base at Fort Riley, and he led the 100th anniversary of the division. He has been an outstanding partner to me and fellow Kansans on a number of initiatives to support the Big Red One. He has been involved in the com-munities of Manhattan and Junction City and those other communities that surround Fort Riley. It is no surprise to me that he has been selected for pro-motion to lieutenant general. He is a proven leader, capable of completing the most complex challenges under the most stressful situations. The Army has made the right move with his pro-motion and, furthermore, by placing him in a position of greater responsi-bility. I am confident Kansans will join me in congratulating soon-to-be-confirmed Lieutenant General Martin on his pro-motion. We honor and thank him for his service. We recognize the sacrifices he and his family have made over the last 32 years. I recognize his wife Leann and their children, Kylie and Joey, for their service over the years. Strong Army families make strong Army sol-diers. I have no doubt—none—that Major General Martin will continue to be one of the Army’s best leaders, and I look forward to seeing what lies ahead for him in his career. Congratulations, General Martin. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Idaho. Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I rise in support of the nominations of Ms. Jelena McWilliams to be Chair and a member of the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation. As one of the three primary Federal financial regulators, the FDIC plays a critical role in the U.S. financial sys-tem, particularly for community banks. As head of the FDIC, Ms. McWilliams will be responsible for ad-ministering the Deposit Insurance Fund and ensuring the safety and soundness of the financial system while also promoting economic growth. She will also contribute to deliberations on financial stability as a member of the Financial Stability Oversight Council. In having focused extensively on fi-nancial institutions throughout her ca-reer in both the private and public sec-tors, Ms. McWilliams is supremely qualified for this position. She has a unique view of the U.S. regulatory system and its regulated en-tities, most recently serving as the chief legal officer, executive vice presi-dent, and corporate secretary for Fifth Third Bank, which is a regional bank based in Ohio. Prior to that, she served as a valuable member of the Banking Committee’s staff for both Senator S
HELBY and me. Ms. McWilliams also worked as an attorney at the Federal Reserve during the financial crisis and on the Small Business Committee under former Senator Snowe. Many of my colleagues and I can per-sonally attest to her qualifications, her good judgment, and her expertise, which will be an asset to the FDIC and to the country. At her nomination hearing in Janu-ary, Ms. McWilliams demonstrated a deep knowledge of the issues overseen by the FDIC as well as a commitment to carrying out its mission. She dis-cussed how her personal experience has shaped her conviction in the FDIC’s unique responsibility as a deposit in-surer, noting that one of the side ef-fects of the civil war that broke apart the former Yugoslavia was a collapse of its financial system. Her parents, who still lived there, had their savings dis-appear overnight when a local bank closed its doors. Yugoslavia had no de-posit insurance, and her then 68-year- old father returned to work as a day la-borer. As she stated at her hearing, ‘‘I can assure you that the core mission of the FDIC resonates profoundly with me and, if confirmed, I will not take its mission or my duties lightly.’’ Ms. McWilliams has conveyed a strong desire to encourage economic growth and facilitate new bank cre-ation by continuing to address the dis-proportionate regulatory burden that is faced by community banks. Addi-tionally, she acknowledged the need to expand Americans’ access to credit and the banking system. If confirmed as a member and Chair of the FDIC, I look forward to having the opportunity to work with Ms. McWilliams on these important issues. I strongly support her nominations today, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. 
HEALTHCARE  
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, start-ing in January of 2017, extending to today, the President, often with the help of this Republican Congress, has engaged in a very deliberate, very pur-poseful campaign of sabotage to the American healthcare system. We are now starting to see the very serious consequences of this campaign of sabo-tage. It started on Inauguration Day when President Trump signed an Exec-utive order that ordered all of his agen-cies to dismantle the Affordable Care Act. It found its way to the Senate floor when Republicans spent most of 2017 trying to pass legislation that would take insurance away from 23 million people, according to the CBO. The President undertook a number of steps to try to weaken the exchanges where millions of people get their healthcare. He cut the open enrollment period in half. He stopped funding ad-vertising. He pulled funding for the navigators, who are the people who go out and try to help people sort through their healthcare options. There is no reason to do that, to try to stop people from being able to sign up for healthcare, unless your intention is sabotage. There is no public policy rea-son to give people less time to sign up or to give them less information about their options. Most recently, the Republicans fi-nally succeeded in repealing the indi-vidual mandate which the Congres-sional Budget Office said will, by itself, increase premiums by 10 percent and wipe out insurance for 13 million peo-ple. The administration is now trying to expand the sale of what we call junk plans, which are insurance plans that don’t have to cover a minimum set of benefits, that don’t have to protect people with preexisting conditions or existing sicknesses from higher pre-mium rates. I think I came down to the floor 2 weeks ago to talk about the first two rate filings of the rate filing season. These were in Maryland and Virginia. The rate filings were, quite frankly, catastrophic. While these were the worst of the bunch, all of the rate fil-ings were much higher than the rate of medical inflation. The worst requested increase was when one insurance plan in Maryland asked for a 91-percent increase in pre-miums. One insurance plan in Virginia asked for a 64-percent increase in pre-miums. In Maryland, the head of the insurance plan who asked for the 91- percent increase said the reasons for it were the continuing actions on the ad-ministration’s part to systematically undermine the market and to make it almost impossible to carry out its mis-sion. No one can afford a 91-percent in-crease in premiums, and no one can af-ford a 64-percent increase in premiums. Frankly, very few people can afford a 15- or a 20-percent increase in pre-miums. This week, we received the rate fil-ings from the State of Oregon. In Or-egon, the Providence Health Plan, with about 90,000 customers, which is one of the bigger plans in the State, is asking for a 14-percent premium increase. Now, that is not 91 or 64, but there are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.047 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2868 May 23, 2018 
a lot of families who simply aren’t going to be able to afford a double-digit premium increase in Oregon. It is im-portant to note that Oregon put into place a new State-based reinsurance program, and if not for that reinsur-ance program, this would have been a 20-percent increase. I am just going to keep track of all of these increases so we have a sense of what is happening to consumers as a result of this campaign of sabotage. We will add this rate increase in Oregon of 14 percent, and I will make sure I get it right. The CBO has told us, the repeal of the individual mandate is going to jump premiums by 10 percent. So, in Oregon, you can be relatively sure that had the Republicans not repealed this big part of the Affordable Care Act, you would have been looking at a sin-gle-digit increase, something that would have mirrored medical inflation. Yet, because of the actions that had been taken here and because of many of the actions that have been under-taken by this Congress, we are looking at a double-digit increase. Keith Forrester, who is the head of one of Oregon’s biggest insurance com-panies, said our rate increase reflects the expected costs of providing cov-erage to our members, including the impact of eliminating the individual mandate. Senate Democrats are going to be down on the floor pretty relentlessly over the course of the next few months to make people understand that as you are getting your health insurance bills, as you are seeing these big increases, a big reason will be due to the actions that your elected leaders have taken— this Republican Congress and this ad-ministration. Yet the rate increases might be get-ting even bigger than they already are today. That is because of this expected proliferation of these new junk plans. Again, these are called short-term plans by the administration because they used to be, truly, short-term op-tions. They were 3 months in duration. You would pick up one of these plans in between coverage, and because they were short-term plans, they were not required to cover mental health and maternity, and they could charge you more if you were sick. This administration has decided these plans can now be sold for a full year, meaning they will essentially stand side by side with regulated plans that have minimum benefits and pro-tect people with preexisting conditions. The administration said, only a couple hundred thousand people nationwide might sign up for these plans. The CMS’s Chief Actuary says—this is President Trump’s CMS, the admin-istration’s own Chief Actuary—that is wrong; that, in fact, it will be a million and a half people potentially signing up for these junk plans. It could get as big as 1.9 million by 2022. Who will sign up for these junk plans? It will be healthy people because healthy people aren’t going to need all of the coverage. It will be people who don’t have preexisting conditions, who don’t have addictions or diagnosed mental illnesses. It will leave behind in the exchange plans the people who need the coverage. Those people will not go on the junk plans because they will need insurance plans that cover their illnesses or their diagnoses. What we know is that if you have a sicker popu-lation in the exchange-based plans, in the regulated individual market, those premiums will go up. A recent study found, the combina-tion of the individual mandate and the proliferation of these new junk plans will result, on average, in 16-percent increases in premiums all across the country. In Connecticut, that could mean the premiums will go up by $1,155. Now, that is not something the health insurance companies did. That is not because of rising medical costs. That is because of decisions that were made by this Republican Congress and this Republican administration—two decisions. There was one decision to re-peal a big part of the Affordable Care Act that protected sick people, that kept their rates lower. Another deci-sion by the administration was to give relatively healthy people access to stripped-down plans. Admittedly, those two changes may offer some benefit to people today who are healthy. I am not going to deny that those two changes may provide a lower insurance rate for a subset of people who are healthy, but we are not supposed to just represent the healthy people. Today you are healthy, and to-morrow you are not. We are supposed to represent all Americans. In fact, we probably should be going the extra mile to make sure people who, through no fault of their own, have serious di-agnoses aren’t paying an arm and a leg more for coverage, but we are not doing that because of the steps this Re-publican Congress and this Republican President have taken. On average, insurance rates are going to go up for everybody in Connecticut by $1,100, according to one study, and they are going to potentially sky-rocket for people who can’t get onto these stripped-down junk plans. I think it is really important we talk about this. As I walked across the State of Connecticut last summer— something I have come to do in the last few years; I take about 5 or 6 days and walk from one side of the State to the other, which is something the Pre-siding Officer and others probably can’t do in States that are a little bit longer across than 110 miles—healthcare was the dominant theme. In their having heard the news that I would be in a cer-tain town during the day, people wait-ed for me who were miles ahead on the road. They waited ahead of me for hours and hours to talk to me about their illnesses and about their fears that this Congress and this President were going to take away their cov-erage. We were successful in defeating the full repeal of the Affordable Care Act, and that is great news, because the Af-fordable Care Act is more popular than ever before, but this Congress and this President are trying to ruin some of the most important protections in our healthcare system because they are mad that they lost the repeal vote by one vote. So it is important for us to tell Americans what the consequences of that sabotage campaign are. It cer-tainly means that people are going to get less protection, but it also means that, over the course of the next few months, as rates are filed across the country, you are going to see some dev-astatingly high premium increases due to the Republican campaign of healthcare sabotage—this week, 14 per-cent in Oregon; last week or the week before, 91 percent in Maryland, 64 per-cent in Virginia. This is what happens when you strike blows at the American healthcare system, and it is important for Americans to understand what that means. With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
WOMEN ’S HEALTHCARE  
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I hope that one day soon it will not be nec-essary to come to the floor of this Sen-ate and shine a spotlight on how the Trump administration is making it harder and harder for women in Amer-ica to get the healthcare they need and deserve. It seems like not a week goes by without the Trump administration full-on attacking women’s healthcare. It is the agenda of what I call healthcare discrimination, and it is out in full force. The latest news came out officially less than 24 hours ago. The Trump ad-ministration has put itself right in the middle of women and their doctors, de-nying access to critical information that millions of women rely on from physicians and nurses—the very pro-viders they trust and depend on. What this means is that across this country you can say good-bye to the guarantee that women are getting the whole story about their health and the op-tions they have for their care. For mil-lions of women, the healthcare they need is going to have to get a Trump stamp of approval, and that Trump stamp of approval is going to be the re-quirement to get the care they need. I just want to say to my colleagues here in the Senate that I think this alone makes a mockery of all the talk I remember hearing from Republican colleagues in this body who said there is going to be patient-centered care in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.049 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2869 May 23, 2018 
America. The developments in the last 24 hours basically say that with respect to healthcare, it is not going to be pa-tient-centered care, but it is going to be politics-centered care. Now, that patient-centered care con-cept was one of the most common talk-ing points I remember hearing again and again. We heard it in the Finance Committee, where I have the honor to be the ranking Democrat. We heard it again and again: We are going to have patient-centered care. It was part of the crusade to repeal the Affordable Care Act. The whole point of that pa-tient-centered care slogan was to say that the government shouldn’t come between patients and their doctors and that it wasn’t going to be about poli-tics; it was going to be about pa-tients—making sure that politics and the government didn’t come between patients and their doctors. So here we are now, a few months later, and the Trump administration has just decided point-blank that it will decide what is best for women in Oregon and across the country. They basically said that they ought to be able to gag doctors and deny women the right to hear about healthcare op-tions that, fortunately, are perfectly legal in America today. The fact is, this new decree—this dic-tate—from the Trump administration comes with a battery of new restric-tions on healthcare clinics that mil-lions of women depend on every single day. We all know what it is about. It is an attack on Planned Parenthood. It is an attack on vital sources of care for women. As I have said on this floor—I have gone through it again and again—the vast amount of work done by Planned Parenthood has nothing to do with abortion. It is all about vital preven-tive services for women, which, by the way, are especially important in rural areas. I am sure we are going to be talking about women’s healthcare tomorrow in the Senate Finance Committee, where we will be having a hearing specifically on rural healthcare. There is bipartisan interest in that topic, but I want col-leagues to know, it is pretty hard to promote all of the opportunities for sound healthcare and bipartisanship when you have a decision from the Trump administration that has the po-tential to hit women’s healthcare in rural communities like a wrecking ball. In States like Oregon, thousands of women live in communities where there is not a clinic or a doctor’s office every few miles. If the Trump adminis-tration finds a backdoor way to shutter the few options these women have today, they may not have anywhere else to turn to get the essentials of healthcare. Women could lose the right to see the doctor of their choosing. I will just say it point-blank: If some-body wants to take away the right of women in America to see the doctors and the providers of their choice, they are going to have to run over me. I will tell you, I think women are going to win that fight. To have women lose access to life-saving services like cancer screenings, routine physicals, birth control, pre-natal care, and so much more—that ought to be off the table for politics. It shouldn’t be about Democrats and Re-publicans; it should be about common-sense approaches to ensure that women have all of the options for the healthcare they want and deserve. Taking healthcare choices away from women is fundamentally wrong. De-priving women of essential healthcare information that they have every right to hear about is fundamentally wrong. The Trump administration putting itself between women and their doctors is fundamentally wrong. The decision that came down last night, which we learned about last night, is a reckless one. It is a harmful one. We ought to make no mistake about it, it is going to make healthcare worse for women across the country. I have now had to say it too many times to count: It is long past time for these attacks on women’s healthcare to end. I hope it will not be necessary to come to this floor again. The Trump administration will see how flawed the decision—the dictate— that came down last night is and will retract it. But until they do, I will come to this floor and make the case for ensuring that women are empow-ered in our country to be able to see the healthcare providers of their choice, to have the opportunity to ac-cess the vast array of services that are largely preventive from sea to shining sea. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
DACA  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, on Sep-tember 5, 2017, President Trump an-nounced the repeal of the Deferred Ac-tion for Childhood Arrivals Program, known as DACA. As a result of that, hundreds of thousands of immigrants who came to the United States as chil-dren and are known as Dreamers have faced losing their work permits and face deportation to countries they barely remember. DACA provided temporary legal sta-tus to Dreamers only if they registered with the government, paid a fee of al-most $500, and passed a thorough crimi-nal background check. This DACA Pro-gram has been a success. More than 800,000 Dreamers have come forward and received DACA protection, which has allowed them to become a part of the only country they have ever called home. Many of these Dreamers were brought here as infants and toddlers, raised in this country, pledging alle-giance to that flag. They believed they were part of America, and usually at some point when they became teen-agers, their parents gave them the ter-rible news that they were undocu-mented. When President Trump decided 8 months ago to repeal DACA, he set March 5 as the deadline for the final expiration of the DACA Program. How-ever, two Federal courts have stepped in and issued orders blocking the Presi-dent’s repeal of this DACA executive order. This means that Dreamers who have DACA can continue to apply to renew their status for now. I urge every DACA recipient to file their renewal application immediately. The Trump administration is doing ev-erything in its power to fight this court protection, and that court pro-tection could be lifted any day. This means there is a need for Congress to do something. Again, I urge the Republicans who control Congress to immediately pass the Dream Act—bipartisan legislation I first introduced 17 years ago that would finally give these Dreamers a path to becoming citizens of the United States. The reality is that tens of thousands of Dreamers are already at risk of los-ing their work permits and being de-ported. The Department of Homeland Security Secretary, Kirstjen Nielsen, has promised me that her Department will not deport any DACA recipient with a pending DACA application, even if their status expires. I am going to hold her to that commitment because lives hang in the balance. However, for DACA recipients whose status has expired, the Department will not authorize them to work unless and until their DACA is renewed. This means that tens of thousands of DACA- eligible individuals could be forced to leave their jobs while their applica-tions are pending and before the renew-als are approved. Then consider the fate of Dreamers who are eligible for DACA but never quite reached that status. They can no longer apply for protection because of President Trump’s decision to prohibit new DACA applications after Sep-tember 5, 2017. For example, a child turning 15—the youngest age at which you can apply for DACA—is now blocked from applying. The non-partisan Migration Policy Institute es-timates that in addition to 800,000 DACA recipients, there are an addi-tional 1 million Dreamers who are eli-gible. Thanks to President Trump’s harsh decision to end DACA, 1.8 million Dreamers are at risk of deportation and cannot work to support themselves or contribute to the country they love. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.051 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2870 May 23, 2018 
On September 5, Trump called on Congress to ‘‘legalize DACA.’’ But since then, he has rejected six bipar-tisan proposals to achieve that. He has even rejected a $25 billion bipartisan offer to build his border wall. Mexico, of course, was supposed to pay for that wall. We provided the money in a bill that also provided protection for the Dream-ers. The President rejected it. Instead, he has tried to put the entire hard-line immigration agenda on the backs of the Dreamers. President Trump has said that he will support legalization for Dreamers only if Congress passes his plan, which would, among other things, cut legal immigration to the United States by more than 40 percent. There are people within this adminis-tration and some within the Senate who really despise immigrants, and you can see it. They want to cut legal immigration to the United States. That would be the largest cut in immi-gration in almost 100 years. Earlier this year, the Senate decided to vote on President Trump’s plan—the one he supports. It failed; it failed badly when 39 Senators voted for it, and 60 voted against it. President Trump is holding Dreamers hostage to an immigration plan that is so extreme that many of his own party members do not support it. Over the years, I have come to the floor of the Senate more than 100 times to tell the stories of Dreamers. I could give these speeches endlessly. I don’t think they have the impact of coming to know the young people who are en-gaged and involved and at risk in this political debate. This is Dalia Larios, the 114th Dreamer I have introduced on the floor of the Senate. She was brought to the United States from Mexico when she was 10 years old. She grew up in Mesa, AZ. She remembers celebrating the Fourth of July, going to school dances, and of course, watching the Super Bowl. Her parents were hard workers who usually had two or three jobs. They taught her that although there were many things she could not control, she could control how long she studied and how much time she devoted to school. She did; Dalia graduated from high school in the top 1 percent of her class. She was named the most outstanding life science student in school. Not only did she excel academically, she com-pleted over 150 hours of community service. She is a remarkable young woman. She started an after-school dance pro-gram for at-risk children and was the first place State champion in both French and constitutional debate. Dalia then attended Barrett, the Honors College at Arizona State Uni-versity. She majored in biological sciences—specifically genetics, cell, and developmental biology. She contin-ued her community service volun-teering as an English and biology tutor at a number of health clinics. Dalia graduated with a perfect 4.0 GPA and received a number of awards, including the School of Life Sciences award for plant-based research on cervical and breast cancer vaccines. Today, Dalia is a fourth year medical student at Harvard Medical School. She is researching lung cancer and lung transplants at Brigham and Wom-en’s Hospital and the Dana-Farber Can-cer Institute. In 2016 she won the Robert Ebert Prize for Healthcare Delivery Research or Service for her work on designing a student-led health coaching program to improve health outcomes in complex diabetic patients, and what did she dream to be? A cardiothoracic surgeon. Dalia wrote me a letter. She said: 
For many, DACA may be a political bar-gain. For me, it is my life. And [because of DACA,] for the first time ever, I have been able to live a life that is not just rooted in dreams but rather the realization of those dreams. It has been a gateway to change, in-clusion and meaningful integration into the country I call home and desperately hope to serve. 
At least 65 additional Dreamers were enrolled in medical school this last school year, but without DACA these Dreamers could be deported back to their countries, where they haven’t lived since they were little kids. Will America be a stronger country if we ask Dalia to leave—this Harvard Med-ical School graduate, who wants to be a cardiothoracic surgeon? If we tell her, ‘‘We don’t need you; go to some another country,’’ are we better off for that? Of course, not. We are stronger to have people like Dalia in the United States. The Association of American Medical Colleges states that the Nation’s doc-tor shortage is going to continue. Both the AMA and the Association of Amer-ican Medical Colleges have warned that ending DACA could make it even hard-er to deal with the physician shortage in the United States. They caution that President Trump’s reversal in pol-icy ‘‘could have severe consequences for many in the health care workforce, impacting patients and our nation’s health care system.’’ I personally think it would be a trag-edy to deport someone like Dalia, who has so much to contribute to America. President Trump created the DACA crisis. Instead of working toward a so-lution, he has sabotaged every effort we have made to support and save the Dreamers. Now it is up to the Repub-lican majority in Congress to accept one of the six bipartisan solutions on the table to save these young people. Congress should do its job and make the Dream Act the law of the land, or we are going to be responsible for the fate of wonderful young women like this. This amazing young woman could be saving lives in America as a sur-geon, or we can deport her back to Mexico. What sense would that make? Currently, the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives is debating when and if to return to the immigration debate. It is fortunate that 20 Republicans have had the courage to step up so far, and I hope more will join them to say: We have to do something. We can’t just let this happen without an effort to pass a bill to solve the problem. The same thing could be said of the Senate. That is why I am hoping that at the end of the day, we can put this kind of Dream Act and DACA bill back into active consideration on the floor of the Senate. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. TILLIS ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 1615 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, as in legislation session, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on the Ju-diciary be discharged from further con-sideration of S. 1615; that the Senate proceed to its immediate consider-ation; that the bill be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. LEE. Mr. President, reserving the right to object, this is an issue on which Congress needs to act. Congress does, in fact, have authority to pass laws governing immigration and natu-ralization within our system, but this particular unanimous consent request represents an attempt to pass a major piece of legislation without any oppor-tunity for debate, any opportunity for input from the American people, or any opportunity for amendments by indi-vidual Members. If we pass it this way, we will be cutting the American people out of the debate. Moreover, we also need to address the draws for illegal immigration. If we are going to address the needs of those who have been brought here unlawfully by no fault of their own while they were infants or minors, we need to make sure that we are not going to continue to draw people in unlawfully and that we are not going to continue to have people in various parts of the world sending their children here unlawfully, unaccompanied on many occasions and being subjected to sexual assault and all other kinds of abuse in the process. We do need to fix the underlying prob-lem. For that reason, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I am just going to respond briefly. The bill that I asked to be called today for a vote was debated at length over a period of 17 years with numerous committee meetings. This is not an open-ended bill. There is a deadline. To qualify for it, one must have been in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.053 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2871 May 23, 2018 
the United States already for over a year. So it would not be a magnet for those who would like to come and take advantage of it in the future. It wouldn’t apply to them, but it does apply to 1.8 million who would be eligi-ble for citizenship. I am sorry that there was an objec-tion, but I will continue to work with Members on both sides of the aisle to resolve this. We owe it to Dalia and to many others like her who are waiting for Congress to act. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). The Senator from North Carolina. 
CALLING FOR THE RELEASE OF PASTOR ANDREW  
BRUNSON  
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, sadly, I have to do a speech that I promised I would do every week until we find jus-tice for someone who has been in a Turkish prison now for a number of days. This is Pastor Brunson. He is a Presbyterian minister from Black Mountain. He has been in Turkey for 20 years, doing missionary work for a small church that I will describe brief-ly later. On October 4, 2016, he was swept up in President Erdogan’s regime’s reaction to an unlawful coup—a coup that I dis-agree with. I believe in a peaceful tran-sition of power, and I do believe that people who are responsible for it should be subject to Turkish laws. But the roundup of people by President Erdogan—he cast a very wide net— went so far beyond any reasonable ex-pectation of people who could have been involved in the coup attempt. On October 4, 2016, a Presbyterian minister from Black Mountain, NC—the same church that Billy Graham was a part of—found himself arrested on charges for being a potential terrorist and plot-ting a coup. He is in a Turkish prison. He has been in that prison now for 593 days— 593 days, almost 17 months—without charges. He is held in a prison cell that is designed for 8 people but has 21 peo-ple in it. He is not really allowed to speak with his family. In fact, the only family he has seen over the last 593 days has been his wife, because they have been afraid to let his children come into the country for fear that they would not be allowed to leave, nor will his wife Norine leave the country for fear that she will not be able to come back. She is his only connection to his family. It has been 593 days. I want to go back and tell you what really underlines why they think this Presbyterian minister is a part of the coup attempt or a terrorist organiza-tion. It is because they believe that re-ligions in the United States are some-how joined together in this intel-ligence-gathering network so that, in-stead of doing missionary work, they can go into these countries and infil-trate their systems and then force coups or support or provide aid to peo-ple who would commit a terrorist act against the Turkish homeland—some-thing that I would object to and some-thing of which I would say that any-body who does that should be subject to Turkish law. They believe this of Pastor Brunson, a pastor of a church in Izmir, who for many years, when he was doing mis-sionary work, didn’t even have a church. They finally were able to get the resources together. They have 50 members. This is a 50-member con-gregation in a church in Izmir, which is one of the more populous cities in the Turkey. This is a very small church. On a packed day, on a Sunday, you may be able to fit 120 people in it. They open the doors so that people walking down the street can hear what they are talk-ing about. They open the windows. They invite anybody in it. Part of the case is that they believe that people who have entered that church are Kurdish, and because they are Kurdish, they must be associated with the PKK, and if they are associ-ated with the PKK, then, clearly, they were involved with terrorist attempts against Turkey. This church was also used in evi-dence. You see the picture. There is a small room upstairs in this very small church. There have been over one dozen secret witnesses. In a Turkish court, he doesn’t have a trial by jury. He has three judges, and there is a prosecutor who is elevated, effectively, to be an-other judge, whom he is testifying be-fore. One of the secret witnesses said that he clearly is guilty of nefarious activity because one night he saw a window open in this church for about 4 hours. That was the evidence sub-mitted. There is a problem with that. No. 1, generally speaking, in our country, having a light on doesn’t necessarily go directly to being prosecuted for ter-rorism or conspiracy to commit ter-rorism. There is another problem with this allegation. This room doesn’t have a window. There is no possible way somebody could have seen the light. Even if you would argue that seeing a light could somehow be linked to ter-rorist activity, you can’t even see it. To make matters worse, after more than a dozen secret witnesses came on, many of them in Turkish prisons them-selves for the prosecution, the defense asked if they had 10 witnesses who would testify on his behalf. The judges said they would not be allowed to tes-tify because they are suspects. They haven’t been charged with anything, necessarily. They may not even be in-carcerated, but they are suspects. Therefore, he has no opportunity what-soever to defend himself. I am about to go back and do a final vote on the National Defense Author-ization Act. We have to get President Erdogan’s attention. In a bill that we are going to have on this floor in the next couple of weeks, I believe we are going to send a very clear message to the President and to the people of Tur-key to treat our people fairly, to treat with respect a nation that is prepared to send American men and women to Turkey to fight and die for their free-dom. If they don’t, then we are going to have to continue to up the tempera-ture until justice is done for Pastor Brunson and others in Turkish prisons. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, all postcloture time on the McWilliams nominations be considered expired at 12 noon on Thursday, May 24; further, that if clo-ture is invoked on the Evans nomina-tion, the time until 1:45 p.m. be equally divided in the usual form, and at 1:45 p.m., the Senate vote on the nomina-tion; finally, that if any of the nomina-tions are confirmed, the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be im-mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at a time to be determined by the majority lead-er, in consultation with the Demo-cratic leader, the Senate proceed to ex-ecutive session for the consideration of the following nomination: Executive Calendar No. 603. I ask consent that there be 10 hours of debate equally di-vided in the usual form and that fol-lowing the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote on the nomina-tion with no intervening action or de-bate; that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relat-ing to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate resume legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
VA MISSION BILL Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, the Sen-ate today passed the VA MISSION Act, a long overdue piece legislation of that would finally provide an overhaul of the healthcare system at the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs that is des-perately needed. The bill would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.055 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2872 May 23, 2018 
streamline and consolidate community care into a single comprehensive pro-gram, standardizing eligibility for this program and repealing the Choice pro-gram after 1 year. The MISSION Act also includes a phasing in of an expanded Caregiver program, so that veterans of all eras can access this important benefit. This is an issue I have long worked on, hav-ing helped create the original Care-givers program at the VA. This expan-sion will likely help thousands of fam-ily caregivers. In addition, the MISSION Act will help the VA better recruit quality healthcare professionals with academic and financial incentives, as well as help ensure access to care in rural and underserved areas. I understand that there are some concerns about this legislation. The asset and infrastructure review provision, which has been compared to the BRAC review of DOD facilities, is contentious. I joined Senator M
ANCHIN  in efforts to pass a version of this with-out the AIR provision. I am dis-appointed that effort was blocked by our Republican colleagues, but I also appreciate the efforts of my Demo-cratic colleagues in helping ensure safeguards in the bill around the AIR provision, so that any process includes coordination with and review by Con-gress, veterans service organizations, the public, and other stakeholders every step of the way. I also recognize that there is a seri-ous concern about privatization at the VA, a concern that is especially acute under this administration and given the fact that the VA lacks senior lead-ership. Congress will need to ensure contin-ued strong funding for the VA so that we are not sacrificing investments in VA infrastructure, direct patient care, medical research, and more in ex-change for community care—which will be costly—under the MISSION Act. We will need to continue to provide oversight during the process of select-ing a VA Secretary, one who will bal-ance the need of some veterans to ac-cess authorized private care with pro-tecting the VA system. I look forward to meeting with the VA Secretary nominee to assess his qualifications on this and other matters soon. It is easy for us Members of Congress to speak about this bill on the floor— to thank our veterans and their fami-lies for their service—but it is more meaningful, more important to do what we can through action. Some of my proudest moments in Congress have included efforts to rec-ognize, honor, and thank our veterans, but the very least we can do for our veterans is to ensure they get the care they need. I have been working with my col-league, Senator D
UCKWORTH , to help ensure that veterans and their spouses at the Illinois Veterans Home at Quin-cy receive high quality care, because, for the past 3 years, IVH Quincy has been dealing with several Legionnaires’ outbreaks, outbreaks that have sickened more than 65 and, sadly, killed 13. It is unacceptable that 13 veterans died from contracting the Legionella bacteria before this Governor finally produced a comprehensive plan of ac-tion. I have worked with and will continue to work with State and Federal offi-cials to ensure that IVH Quincy has the technical and financial support it needs. Let me close with this: The VA MIS-SION Act reflects this sentiment as well—too often, our servicemembers return home only to find themselves facing challenge after challenge, suf-fering from the physical and mental wounds of war. This bill will help en-sure that we uphold the promise we have made, to provide the care, sup-port, and respect our veterans have earned and deserve. I want to thank my colleagues Sen-ators ISAKSON and T ESTER for their good-faith efforts on this bill. I am pleased to join them and others in the Senate in supporting this legislation. (At the request of Mr. D
URBIN , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for vote No. 106 on the motion to concur in the House amendment to S. 2372, the VA MIS-SION Act of 2018. On vote No. 106, had I been present, I would have voted yea on the motion to concur in the House amendment to S. 2372, the VA MIS-SION Act of 2018.∑ 
f 
REMOVAL OF NOMINATION OBJECTION Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, on May 10, I announced my intention to object to a unanimous consent request for the Senate to take up the nomination of Christopher C. Krebs who has been nominated by President Trump to serve as Under secretary of the Na-tional Protection and Programs Direc-torate at the Department of Homeland Security, DHS. I did so because DHS had yet to clear for public release im-portant information about vulnerabilities in U.S. telephone net-works that are being exploited, poten-tially by foreign governments, to tar-get Americans. Last week, I discussed with Mr. Krebs our shared interest in protecting Americans from sophisticated cyber se-curity threats, particularly those that exploit flaws in U.S. communications networks. I am pleased to say that DHS subsequently provided me with a letter that included much of the infor-mation that I had previously re-quested. I intend to make this letter public in the coming days and believe that it will further much needed debate about the security of U.S. telephone networks and the Federal Communica-tions Commission’s lax approach to regulating the privacy and cyber secu-rity practices of wireless carriers. In light of this action, I will no longer object to any unanimous con-sent request for the Senate to take up Mr. Kreb’s nomination. f 
HONORING PRIVATE MARTIN A. TREPTOW Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Martin A. Treptow who bravely served as a private in the U.S. Army during the First World War. Martin enlisted in the Iowa National Guard in 1917 while working as a barber in Cherokee, IA, and was soon sta-tioned in France as part of the 168th Infantry of the 42nd Division, the famed Rainbow Division. During the assault on Hill 212 on La Croix Rouge Farm, Martin courageously volun-teered to deliver an important message to another platoon, despite heavy enemy fire. Martin successfully com-pleted his mission but paid the ulti-mate sacrifice in doing so. As his belongings were being pre-pared to send home to his family and friends, Martin’s diary was found. His diary included an entry entitled ‘‘My Pledge,’’ and Martin had written: ‘‘America must win this war. There-fore, I will work, I will save, I will en-sure, I will fight cheerfully and do my utmost, as if the issue of the whole struggle depended on me alone.’’ I ask my colleagues to join me as I proudly recognize Martin A. Treptow, whose heroic actions and inspiring words epitomize the duty and sacrifice of all the brave men and women who serve and have served the United States in defense of our freedom. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
CENTENNIAL OF GRENVILLE, SOUTH DAKOTA ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize Grenville, SD. The town of Grenville will be celebrating its cen-tennial on June 8 through June 10, 2018. Grenville will host centennial events which include a parade, street dances, a softball tournament, raffles, a pig roast, children events, and much more. Grenville, located in Day County, was given the christened name of Zielona Gora, meaning ‘‘green hills,’’ which is an accurate description of the area’s beautiful sloping hills and ma-jestic landscape. Since its founding 100 years ago, the community of Grenville remains resilient in upholding South Dakota values. Today the robust tradi-tions passed down by determined set-tlers continue to endure throughout the Grenville community. I offer my congratulations to the citizens of Grenville on their centen-nial celebration and wish them contin-ued prosperity in the years to come. ∑ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.040 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2873 May 23, 2018 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the PRESIDING OFFICER laid before the Senate mes-sages from the President of the United States submitting a nomination and a withdrawal which were referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 11:03 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, without amendment: 
S. 204. An act to authorize the use of unap-proved medical products by patients diag-nosed with a terminal illness in accordance with State law, and for other purposes. S. 292. An act to maximize discovery, and accelerate development and availability, of promising childhood cancer treatments, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 5682. An act to provide for programs to help reduce the risk that prisoners with recidivate upon release from prison, and for other purposes. 
The message further announced that the House has agreed to the following concurrent resolution, in which it re-quests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 113. Concurrent resolution au-thorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby. 
At 3:10 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 4743. An act to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to strengthen the Office of Risk Management within the Small Business Ad-ministration, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 4743. An act to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management within the Small Business Administration, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: EC–5243. A communication from the Acting Director of Program Development and Regu-latory Analysis, Rural Utilities Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Policy on Audits of RUS Borrowers and Grantees’’ (RIN0572–AC33) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 16, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–5244. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Clopyralid; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9977–13) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5245. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Pyroxasulfone; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9977–25) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5246. A communication from the Con-gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘VSTA Records and Reports Specific to Inter-national Standards for Pharmacovigilance’’ (RIN0579–AE11) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5247. A communication from the Acting Chief of Staff, Natural Resources Conserva-tion Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Conservation Program Re-cipient Reporting’’ (RIN0578–AA64) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 21, 2018; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5248. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting the report of two (2) officers authorized to wear the insig-nia of the grade of major general or brigadier general in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5249. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report on the continuation of the national emergency that was originally declared in Executive Order 13611 of May 16, 2012, with respect to Yemen; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–5250. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency that was declared in Executive Order 13405 of June 16, 2006, with respect to Belarus; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5251. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency that was declared in Executive Order 13712 of November 22, 2015, with respect to Burundi; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5252. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Iran that was declared in Executive Order 12170 on November 14, 1979; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5253. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘En-ergy Conservation Program: Energy Con-servation Standards for Ceiling Fan Light Kits’’ (RIN1901–AC87) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2018; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. EC–5254. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Oregon; Regional Haze Progress Report’’ (FRL No. 9978–16– OAR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5255. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; New Jersey; Infrastructure Requirements for the 2008 Lead, 2008 Ozone, 2010 Nitrogen Dioxide, 2010 Sulfur Dioxide, 2011 Carbon Monoxide, 2006 PM10, 2012 PM2.5, 1997 Ozone, and the 1997 and 2006 PM2.5 National Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9978–24–Region 2) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5256. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; California; California Mo-bile Source Regulations’’ (FRL No. 9978–19– Region 9) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 17, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5257. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to California State Imple-mentation Plan; Bay Area Air Quality Man-agement District; Stationary Sources; New Source Review’’ (FRL No. 9977–24–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5258. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the extension of waiver authority for Turkmenistan; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5259. A communication from the Senior Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Depart-mental Offices, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Department of the Treasury Acquisition Regulations; Tax Check Require-ments’’ (48 CFR Parts 1009 and 1052) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2018; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–5260. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; CY 2018 Updates to the Quality Payment Program; and Quality Pay-ment Program: Extreme and Uncontrollable Circumstance Policy for the Transition Year; Corrections’’ ((RIN0938–AT13) (CMS– 5522-F2)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 21, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5261. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data, and defense services to Japan to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.006 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2874 May 23, 2018 
support the assembly, disassembly, align-ment, test, integration, repair, and mainte-nance of MTS–A Variants in the amount of $100,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–147); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–5262. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) and (d) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act, the certification of a proposed li-cense for the manufacture of significant military equipment abroad and the export of defense articles, including technical data, and defense services to Algeria and United Kingdom to support the manufacture of the Falcon III tactical radio systems in the amount of $50,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–070); to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–5263. A communication from the Attor-ney-Adviser, Office of the Legal Adviser, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Depart-ment of State 2018 Civil Monetary Penalties Inflationary Adjustment’’ (RIN1400–AE50) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 16, 2018; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5264. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medical Devices; Hema-tology and Pathology Devices; Classification of Blood Establishment Computer Software and Accessories’’ ((21 CFR Part 864) (Docket No. FDA–2016–N–0406)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 18, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5265. A communication from the In-spector General, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘System Review Re-port’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–5266. A communication from the Chair of the Board of Governors, Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Inspector General’s Semiannual Report for the six-month period from October 1, 2017 through March 31, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5267. A communication from the Chair-man of the National Credit Union Adminis-tration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the semi-annual report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2017 through March 31, 2018; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5268. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–320, ‘‘Board of Elections Domicile Requirement Temporary Amend-ment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5269. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–336, ‘‘Mental Health Informa-tion Disclosure Temporary Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–5270. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–335, ‘‘Preservation of Elec-tronic Recordings of Meetings Temporary Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5271. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–319, ‘‘University of the Dis-trict of Columbia Leased Property Tax Abatement Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–5272. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–337, ‘‘Address Confidentiality Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5273. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–338, ‘‘Limited-Equity Coopera-tive Task Force Act of 2018’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–5274. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–339, ‘‘TOPA Single-Family Home Exemption Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5275. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–340, ‘‘Accessible and Trans-parent Procurement Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–5276. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–341, ‘‘Subrogation Fund Es-tablishment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5277. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–342, ‘‘Captive Insurance Agen-cy Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–5278. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–343, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2018 Budget Support Clarification Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–5279. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–344, ‘‘Long-Term Care Om-budsman Program Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5280. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–345, ‘‘Telehealth Medicaid Ex-pansion Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–5281. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–318, ‘‘Rental Unit Fee Adjust-ment Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–5282. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator of the Diversion Control Division, Drug Enforcement Agency, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedules of Controlled Substances: Exten-sion of Temporary Placement of beta- Hydroxythiofentanyl in Schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act’’ (Docket No. DEA–484) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 16, 2018; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–5283. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Wolf River Chute, Memphis TN’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0313)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 16, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5284. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Red River, Alexan-dria, LA’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0312)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 16, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5285. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Clinch River, Oak Ridge, TN’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0096)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 16, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5286. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Clinch River, Oak Ridge, TN’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0143)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 16, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5287. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Black Warrior River, Tuscaloosa, AL’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0014)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 16, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5288. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Pensacola Bay, Pen-sacola, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0103)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 16, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5289. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulations; Sector Ohio Valley Annual and Recurring Special Local Regula-tions Update’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0064)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 16, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5290. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Cocos Lagoon, Merizo, GU’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018– 0290)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 16, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5291. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Ohio River mile marker 27.8 to mile marker 28.2, Vanport, PA’’ ((RIN1625– AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0422)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 16, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.010 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2875 May 23, 2018 
EC–5292. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Ohio River, Cincinnati, OH’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018– 0291)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 16, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5293. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Tennessee River, Huntsville, AL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2018–0006)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 16, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5294. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Pensacola Bay, Pensacola, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2018–0086)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 16, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5295. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Santa Rosa Sound, Pensacola Beach, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0061)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 16, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5296. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Sabine River, Orange, Texas’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017– 1080)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 16, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5297. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Appomattox FPS, Mississippi Canyon 437, Outer Continental Shelf on the Gulf of Mexico’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0446)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 16, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5298. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Mississippi Sound, Biloxi, MS’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2018–0083)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 16, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5299. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Tennessee River, Miles 446.0 to 454.5’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2015–1113)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 16, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5300. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Oregon Inlet, Dare County, NC’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2017–0964)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 16, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5301. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Barge PFE–LB444, San Joa-quin River, Blackslough Landing, CA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018– 0387)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 16, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5302. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Pacific Ocean, Kilauea Lava Flow Ocean Entry on Southeast Side of Is-land of Hawaii, HI’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0234)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 16, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5303. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Coast Guard Sector Ohio Val-ley Annual and Recurring Safety Zones Up-date’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2018–0065)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 16, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5304. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Straits of Mackinac, Macki-naw City, MI’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0397)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 16, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5305. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone, Volvo Ocean Race Newport; East Passage, Narragansett Bay, RI’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018– 0118)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 16, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5306. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Lake Michigan, Calumet Har-bor, Chicago, IL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0234)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 16, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5307. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Housatonic River, Milford and Stanford, CT’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0304)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 16, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5308. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Pensacola Bay, Pensacola, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2017–0998)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 16, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5309. A communication from the Chair-man of the Office of Proceedings, Surface Transportation Board, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘On-Time Perform-ance Under Section 213 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008’’ ((RIN2140–AB22) (Docket No. EP 726) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 16, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5310. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief, Wireless Telecommunications Bu-reau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Connect America Fund; Uni-versal Service Reform—Mobility Fund’’ ((WT Docket No. 10–208) (DA 18–427)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 18, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5311. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘An-chorage Grounds; Galveston Harbor, Bolivar Roads Channel, Galveston, Texas’’ ((RIN1625– AA01) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0549)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 16, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–234. A resolution adopted by the Sen-ate of the State of Louisiana recognizing Tuesday, April 24, 2018, as the fourth annual Oil and Natural Gas Industry Day at the state capitol and commending the industry for more than a century of partnership with Louisiana, providing jobs and economic ben-efits for the state while providing the energy that fuels a nation; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. S
ENATE RESOLUTION NO. 143 Whereas, more than two hundred sixty thousand Louisianians are employed by the oil and natural gas industry, from rigs to of-fice jobs; and Whereas, the oil and natural gas industry continues to be the foundation of the state’s economy with a $72.8 billion economic im-pact, generating over $19 billion in household earnings for Louisianians, with energy jobs and earnings found in all but one of the state’s sixty-four parishes; and Whereas, the oil and natural gas industry brings jobs to cities and parishes in Lou-isiana, injects money into the local econ-omy, and enables communities to not only survive, but to thrive; and Whereas, the oil and natural gas industry is one of the biggest contributors to Louisi-ana’s economy paying nearly $2 billion in di-rect and indirect taxes to the state treasury which helps pay for schools, healthcare, roads, and other state-funded initiatives; and Whereas, the oil and natural gas industry in Louisiana is the biggest private investor in the state’s coast, funding research, work-ing with top scientists, and investing in doz-ens of private and public projects that all work to protect and improve our coastline; and Whereas, Louisiana is the nation’s number two producer of crude oil and the number four producer of natural gas among the fifty states, ranks number two among the states in petroleum refining capacity with its eighteen refineries, and has over ninety-two thousand miles of pipelines transporting crude petroleum and natural gas within the state and its offshore area of the Gulf of Mexico: Therefore, be it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.012 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2876 May 23, 2018 
Resolved, That the Senate of the Legisla-ture of Louisiana does hereby recognize Tuesday, April 24, 2018, as the fourth annual Oil and Natural Gas Industry Day at the state capitol and does hereby commend the industry for more than a century of partner-ship with Louisiana, providing jobs and eco-nomic benefits for the state while providing the energy that fuels a nation; and be it fur-ther Resolved, That a copy of this Resolution be transmitted to the secretary of the United States Senate, the clerk of the United States House of Representatives, and to each mem-ber of the Louisiana delegation to the United States Congress. 
POM–235. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Louisiana urging the United States Congress to allow for variances on certain projects regulated by the Clean Water Act and the Rivers and Harbors Act; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. S
ENATE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 41 Whereas, the federal Clean Water Act es-tablishes a program to regulate the dis-charge of dredged or fill material into waters of the United States, including wetlands; and Whereas, the federal Rivers and Harbors Act requires authorization from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers for the construc-tion of any structure in or over any navi-gable waters of the United States, the exca-vation and dredging or deposition of mate-rial, or any obstruction or alteration to a navigable water; and Whereas, protection of the coast and miti-gation of wetland loss is vital to the future of this state and the many projects designed to protect and preserve the state’s coast in-variably require dredging, obstructing, or al-tering of waters of the United States; and Whereas, the Clean Water Act and the Riv-ers and Harbors Act mandate that local, mu-nicipal, and state projects aimed at miti-gating coastal wetland losses require permits from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers; and Whereas, like federal law, Louisiana law requires compensatory mitigation at a level sufficient to replace the ecological value of the wetlands lost as a result of permitted projects, but allows for variances to this re-quirement when the permittee has dem-onstrated that the required mitigation would render the proposed project impracticable if the project is a clearly overriding public in-terest; and Whereas, the Clean Waters Act and the Rivers and Harbors Act do not allow for such variances when a project to mitigate coastal wetland loss is being considered, even when that project has a clearly overriding public interest; and Whereas, in an effort to help the state pro-tect its valuable coast and wetlands, federal law should allow for a variance for a project that has a clearly overriding public interest. Therefore, be it Resolved, That the Legislature of Lou-isiana memorializes the Congress of the United States to allow for variances on cer-tain projects regulated by the CI an Water Act and the Rivers and Harbors Act. Be it Further Resolved, That a copy of this Resolution shall be transmitted to the secretary of the United States Senate and the clerk of the United States House of Representatives and to each member of the Louisiana delegation to the United States Congress. 
POM–236. A concurrent memorial adopted by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the President of the United States and the United States Congress to swiftly re-negotiate and ratify the North American Free Trade Agreement to maintain the glob-al competitiveness of Arizona’s businesses and citizens; to the Committee on Finance. SENATE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 1016 Whereas, the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) created the largest sin-gle free trade area in the world and has pro-duced significant economic benefits to the State of Arizona; and Whereas, one in five Arizona jobs are linked to trade in goods and countless others are linked to trade in services and inter-national tourism; and Whereas, in 2014, over 236,000 Arizona jobs relied on trade and investment with our two largest trading partners, Canada and Mexico; and Whereas, NAFTA has facilitated the growth of significant new cross-border manu-facturing and supply chains in industries such as aerospace, agriculture, electronics and automotive; and Whereas, NAFTA has facilitated the expan-sion of Arizona businesses into the Mexican market; and Whereas, the NAFTA-member countries of Canada and Mexico are Arizona’s largest for-eign direct-investment and trading partners; and Whereas, in 2016, Arizona had $15.7 billion in combined trade, nearly 38% of the state’s total trade, with Mexico and maintained a trade surplus of $830 million; and Whereas, in 2016, Arizona had $3.5 billion in combined trade with Canada and maintained a trade surplus of $810 million; and Whereas, tourism with our NAFTA part-ners is a significant driving force of Arizo-na’s economic success; and Whereas, 3.8 million annual Mexican visi-tors are responsible for $7.3 million per day, or 66% of all Arizona visitor expenditures, and the annual economic impact to Arizona from Mexican and Canadian visitors is $5 bil-lion; and Whereas, NAFTA may usefully be updated to include new opportunities for Arizona companies; and Whereas, withdrawing the United States from NAFTA would negatively impact Arizo-na’s exporting and importing companies, the vast majority of which are small businesses, as well as the entire Arizona tourism indus-try; and Whereas, withdrawing the United States would further discourage foreign investment in this state and the resulting job creation, would further suit in significant job losses across all sectors, with aerospace, tech, and agribusiness likely the hardest hit, and would be potentially devastating to the eco-nomic vitality of this state. Wherefore your memorialist, the Senate of the State of Arizona, the House of Rep-resentatives concurring, prays: 1. That the President of the United States constructively and swiftly negotiate modi-fications to NAFTA to strengthen and mod-ernize the agreement, maintain the tri-lateral nature of the agreement as it cur-rently exists between Canada, Mexico and the United States and conclude the negotia-tions by the date agreed. 2. That the Congress of the United States swiftly ratify and certify the new terms of NAFTA to reduce business uncertainty and maintain the global competitiveness of Ari-zona’s businesses and citizens. 3. That the Secretary of State of the State of Arizona transmit copies of this Memorial to the President of the United States, the United States Trade Representative, the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Rep-resentatives and each Member of Congress from the State of Arizona. REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: H.R. 1900. A bill to designate the Veterans Memorial and Museum in Columbus, Ohio, as the National Veterans Memorial and Mu-seum, and for other purposes. By Mr. BARRASSO, from the Committee on Environment and Public Works, without amendment: S. 2377. A bill to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 200 West 2nd Street in Dayton, Ohio, as the ‘‘Walter H. Rice Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. S. 2734. A bill to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: S. 2857. A bill to designate the Nordic Mu-seum in Seattle, Washington, as the ‘‘Na-tional Nordic Museum’’, and for other pur-poses. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. INHOFE for Mr. M CCAIN for the Committee on Armed Services. *Gregory J. Slavonic, of Oklahoma, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Navy. *James N. Stewart, of North Carolina, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense. *Lisa Porter, of Virginia, to be a Deputy Under Secretary of Defense. *Charles P. Verdon, of California, to be Deputy Administrator for Defense Programs, National Nuclear Security Administration. *James H. Anderson, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense. Navy nomination of Capt. Peter G. Vasely, to be Rear Admiral (Lower Half). Army nomination of Col. Diron J. Cruz, to be Brigadier General. Air Force nomination of Col. Daniel T. Lasica, to be brigadier General. Air Force nomination of Lt. Gen. Bradford J. Shwedo, to be Lieutenant General. Army nominations beginning with Brig. Gen. Antonio A. Aguto, Jr. and ending with Brig. Gen. Joel K. Tyler, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 24, 2018. (minus 1 nominee: Brig. Gen. Michel M. Rus-sell, Sr.) Army nomination of Col. Wendy L. Harter, to be Brigadier General. Army nomination of Col. Shan K. Bagby, to be Brigadier General. Army nomination of Col. Michael L. Place, to be Brigadier General. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. Craig S. Faller, to be Vice Admiral. Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. Warren D. Berry, to be Lieutenant General. Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. Donald E. Kirkland, to be Lieutenant General. Army nomination of Maj. Gen. Darsie D. Rogers, Jr., to be Lieutenant General. Army nomination of Maj. Gen. Bradley A. Becker, to be Lieutenant General. Navy nomination of Vice Adm. Michael M. Gilday, to be Vice Admiral. Marine Corps nomination of Lt. Gen. Lewis A. Craparotta, to be Lieutenant General. Marine Corps nomination of Lt. Gen. Dan-iel J. O’Donohue, to be Lieutenant General. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.016 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2877 May 23, 2018 
Air Force nomination of Brig. Gen. David B. Burgy, to be Major General. Air Force nomination of Col. Michele C. Edmondson, to be Brigadier General. Navy nomination of Capt. Jeffrey S. Scheidt, to be Rear Admiral (lower half). Army nomination of Maj. Gen. Joseph M. Martin, to be Lieutenant General. Marine Corps nomination of Lt. Gen. Jo-seph L. Osterman, to be Lieutenant General. *Charles Douglas Stimson, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Department of the Navy. 
Mr. INHOFE for Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, for the Committee on Armed Services I report favorably the fol-lowing nomination lists which were printed in the R
ECORDS on the dates in-dicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save the expense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nomina-tions lie at the Secretary’s desk for the information of Senators. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
Air Force nomination of Mckisa P. Fryer, to be Major. Air Force nominations beginning with Aaron J. Oelrich and ending with Gregory P. Norton, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on May 7, 2018. Air Force nomination of Ryan C. Boyle, to be Major. Air Force nominations beginning with Chad J. Kimbrough and ending with Travis K. Pugh, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on May 15, 2018. Army nomination of Todd M. Yosick, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Mitchell P. Kreuze, to be Major. Army nomination of Sheryl L. Anthos, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Mark A. Crimaldi and ending with James A. Watson, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 24, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Derrick J. Chacon and ending with Todd M. Leeds, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 24, 2018. Army nomination of James E. Smith, Jr., to be Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Allen D. Aldenberg and ending with Timothy A. Wood, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on May 7, 2018. Army nominations beginning with William J. Grimes and ending with Jeremy P. Mount, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 7, 2018. Army nomination of David W. Eastburn, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Zina L. Roberts, to be Major. Army nominations beginning with Brad-ford M. Burris and ending with John H. Cochran, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on May 7, 2018. Army nomination of Courtney T. Tripp, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Tam Bui, to be Major. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Justin J. Anderson and ending with Robert C. Zyla, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 18, 2018. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Armando Acosta, Jr. and ending with Roger M. Wood, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 18, 2018. Marine Corps nomination of James B. Thompson, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Marine Corps nomination of Jon C. Peter-son, to be Major. Navy nomination of Jason A. Parish, to be Captain. Navy nomination of Hisham K. Semaan, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of Thomas A. Esparza, to be Captain. Navy nomination of Justin S. Heitman, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of Brian P. Walsh, to be Commander. Navy nomination of Justin M. Adcock, to be Commander. Navy nomination of Daniel A. Ward, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of Robert M. Hess, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of Samantha J. Savage, to be Commander. Navy nomination of Neil Partain, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of Gabriel F. Santiago, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nominations beginning with Gregory N. Anderson and ending with Jacob H. Webb, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 7, 2018. Navy nomination of David A. Besachio, to be Commander. Navy nomination of Evan E. Werner, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of Kevin B. Smith, to be Lieutenant Commander. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. 2927. A bill to amend the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990 to increase inter-agency cooperation in the enforcement of standards for importing organic agricultural products, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. By Mrs. CAPITO (for herself and Mr. H
EINRICH ): S. 2928. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide coverage under the Medicare program for FDA-ap-proved qualifying colorectal cancer screen-ing blood-based tests, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. MARKEY: S. 2929. A bill to require the United States Trade Representative to pursue a complaint of anticompetitive practices against certain oil exporting countries; to the Committee on Finance. By Mrs. ERNST (for herself, Mr. L
ANKFORD , and Mr. P ERDUE ): S. 2930. A bill to provide that Congress may not recess, adjourn, or consider other mat-ters after August 1 of any year if Congress has not approved a concurrent resolution on the budget and passed the regular appropria-tions bills with respect to the next fiscal year; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Ms. MURKOWSKI , and Ms. H ASSAN ): S. 2931. A bill to develop national mile-stones to measure success in curtailing the opioid epidemic; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): S. 2932. A bill to strengthen protections re-lating to the online collection, use, and dis-closure of personal information of children and minors, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. WYDEN: S. 2933. A bill to amend title 17, United States Code, to clarify ownership with re-spect to certain copyrights, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): S. 2934. A bill to increase the recruitment and retention of school-based mental health services providers by low-income local edu-cational agencies; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. SHAHEEN: S. 2935. A bill to prioritize and support the Human Intervention Motivation Study (HIMS) program for flight crewmembers and the Flight Attendant Drug and Alcohol Pro-gram (FADAP) for flight attendants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. THUNE: S. 2936. A bill to improve soil moisture and precipitation monitoring, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Ms. SMITH (for herself, Mr. B
EN-
NET, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. D
URBIN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. H
ARRIS , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. R EED, Mr. S AND-
ERS, Mr. U DALL , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. K
AINE): S. 2937. A bill to protect children affected by immigration enforcement actions; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SASSE (for himself, Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. J ONES , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. R
UBIO, Ms. S MITH, Mr. P AUL, and Mr. R
OBERTS ): S. 2938. A bill to require the Secretary of Transportation to modify provisions relating to hours of service requirements with respect to transportation of livestock and insects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. G RAHAM , and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): S. 2939. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit the establishment of a corporation to conceal election contribu-tions and donations by foreign nationals; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. SCOTT (for himself, Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. B ENNET , and Mr. G
RAHAM ): S. 2940. A bill to provide for the consider-ation of a definition of anti-Semitism for the enforcement of Federal antidiscrimination laws concerning education programs or ac-tivities; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.021 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2878 May 23, 2018 
By Mr. THUNE: S. 2941. A bill to improve the Cooperative Observer Program of the National Weather Service, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. By Mrs. HYDE-SMITH: S. 2942. A bill to amend the Migratory Bird Treaty Act to establish January 31 of each year as the Federal closing date for duck hunting season and to establish special duck hunting days for youths, veterans, and active military personnel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. R OUNDS , and Mr. R
ISCH): S. 2943. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exempt Indian tribal governments and other tribal entities from the employer health coverage mandate dur-ing the time the employer health coverage mandate exists; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Mr. J
ONES , and Mrs. M CCASKILL ): S. 2944. A bill to limit the printing of the Congressional Record and the Senate Cal-endars, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. MERKLEY: S.J. Res. 61. A joint resolution to authorize the use of military force in Iraq and Afghani-stan against the Taliban, al Qaeda, and the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant in order to protect the United States, its territories, and the homeland from attack; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ): S. Res. 520. A resolution recognizing and commending the contributions of Li Ka- shing in global business leadership and phi-lanthropy upon his retirement from a 78-year professional career; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. A
LEXANDER , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOK-
ER, Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B
URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C
ASSIDY , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C
ORKER , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. D AINES , Mr. D
ONNELLY , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. G
ARDNER , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. G RA-
HAM, Mr. G RASSLEY , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. H
ASSAN , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. H OEVEN , Mrs. H YDE- S
MITH, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. J ONES , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. K ING, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M
CCAIN, Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R
EED, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S
ASSE, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S COTT, Mrs. SHAHEEN , Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S
MITH, Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. Y OUNG ): S. Res. 521. A resolution condemning the horrific attack in Santa Fe, Texas, and ex-pressing support and prayers for all of those impacted by the tragedy; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 339 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 339, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the re-quirement for reduction of survivor an-nuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and in-demnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 379 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) and the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 379, a bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to eliminate the five month waiting pe-riod for disability insurance benefits under such title for individuals with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. 
S. 1022 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1022, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to facilitate assignment of military trauma care providers to civilian trauma centers in order to maintain military trauma readiness and to support such centers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1152 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1152, a bill to create protec-tions for depository institutions that provide financial services to cannabis- related businesses, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1333 
At the request of Ms. S MITH, her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1333, a bill to provide for rental assist-ance for homeless or at-risk Indian vet-erans. 
S. 1539 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1539, a bill to protect vic-tims of stalking from gun violence. 
S. 1589 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1589, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Small Business Act to expand the availability of employee stock owner-ship plans in S corporations, and for other purposes. S. 1689 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1689, a bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to provide for a new rule regarding the application of the Act to marihuana, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1712 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1712, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide for the automatic recertification of in-come for income-driven repayment plans, and for other purposes. 
S. 1738 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1738, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for a home infusion therapy services temporary transitional pay-ment under the Medicare program. 
S. 2076 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2076, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the ex-pansion of activities related to Alz-heimer’s disease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Dis-ease and Healthy Aging Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2128 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2128, a bill to improve the coordi-nation and use of geospatial data. 
S. 2143 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2143, a bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to strengthen pro-tections for employees wishing to advo-cate for improved wages, hours, or other terms or conditions of employ-ment, to expand coverage under such Act, to provide a process for achieving initial collective bargaining agree-ments, and to provide for stronger rem-edies for interference with these rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 2341 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2341, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the processing of veterans benefits by the Department of Veterans Affairs, to limit the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to recover overpay-ments made by the Department and other amounts owed by veterans to the United States, to improve the due proc-ess accorded veterans with respect to such recovery, and for other purposes. 
S. 2380 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.023 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2879 May 23, 2018 
CORNYN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2380, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act with respect to aliens associated with criminal gangs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2460 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2460, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to re-quire e-prescribing for coverage under part D of the Medicare program of pre-scription drugs that are controlled sub-stances. 
S. 2497 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2497, a bill to amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Export Control Act to make improvements to certain defense and security assistance provisions and to authorize the appropriations of funds to Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 2506 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2506, a bill to establish an aviation maintenance workforce devel-opment pilot program. 
S. 2542 
At the request of Mr. V ANHOLLEN , the name of the Senator from Wash-ington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2542, a bill to amend part B of the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act to provide full Fed-eral funding of such part. 
S. 2621 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2621, a bill to amend the Occu-pational Safety and Health Act of 1970 to expand coverage under the Act, to increase protections for whistle-blowers, to increase penalties for high gravity violations, to adjust penalties for inflation, to provide rights for vic-tims or their family members, and for other purposes. 
S. 2652 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2652, a bill to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal to Stephen Michael Gleason. 
S. 2667 
At the request of Mr. M CCONNELL , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2667, a bill to amend the Agricul-tural Marketing Act of 1946 to provide for State and Tribal regulation of hemp production, and for other purposes. 
S. 2712 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) and the Senator from Mis-souri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2712, a bill to amend the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 to establish a farm and ranch stress assistance network, and for other purposes. S. 2801 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2801, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to clarify the effective date of the promotion of com-missioned officers of the Army Na-tional Guard and Air National Guard, to improve processes for Federal rec-ognition of the promotions of such offi-cers, and for other purposes. 
S. 2810 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2810, a bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to estab-lish an efficient system to enable em-ployees to form, join, or assist labor or-ganizations, and for other purposes. 
S. 2823 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2823, a bill to modernize copyright law, and for other purposes. 
S. 2835 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ), the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ), the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) and the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) were added as cosponsors of S. 2835, a bill to require a study of the well-being of the newsprint and publishing industry in the United States, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2837 
At the request of Ms. H ASSAN , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2837, a bill to improve the systems for identifying the diversion of con-trolled substances. 
S. 2839 
At the request of Mr. V ANHOLLEN , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2839, a bill to amend the Food, Ag-riculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 to improve assistance for so-cially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers and veteran farmers and ranchers, and for other purposes. 
S. 2842 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2842, a bill to prohibit the marketing of bogus opioid treatment programs or products. 
S. 2857 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2857, a bill to designate the Nordic Museum in Seattle, Washington, as the ‘‘National Nordic Museum’’, and for other purposes. S. 2863 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2863, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint a coin in commemoration of the opening of the National Law Enforcement Mu-seum in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes. 
S. 2865 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2865, a bill to ensure that certain materials used in carrying out Federal infrastructure aid programs are made in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2881 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2881, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to seek to enter into an agreement with the city of Vallejo, California, for the transfer of Mare Island Naval Cemetery in Vallejo, California, and for other purposes. 
S. 2906 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2906, a bill to establish a permanent community care program for veterans, to improve the recruitment of health care providers of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to improve construction by the Depart-ment, and for other purposes. At the request of Ms. C
ANTWELL , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2906, supra. 
S. CON. RES. 6 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Con. Res. 6, a concurrent resolution supporting the Local Radio Freedom Act. 
S. CON. RES. 7 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Con. Res. 7, a concurrent resolu-tion expressing the sense of Congress that tax-exempt fraternal benefit soci-eties have historically provided and continue to provide critical benefits to the people and communities of the United States. 
S. RES. 346 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 346, a resolution recognizing the importance and effectiveness of trau-ma-informed care. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. WYDEN: S. 2933. A bill to amend title 17, United States Code, to clarify owner-ship with respect to certain copyrights, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.025 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2880 May 23, 2018 
and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, we in Congress are tasked in the Constitu-tion with promoting science and the useful arts through giving authors and inventors the exclusive right to their writings and discoveries for a limited time. The first copyright act provided that the ‘‘limited time’’ would be a term of protection of 14 years, renew-able once. Since that time, the copy-right term has exploded to 95, or 120 years, or 70 years after the death of the artist, depending on the circumstance. I have serious concerns that these lengthy terms tip the balance toward limiting rather than promoting cre-ativity and innovation. Unfortunately, a bill—the CLASSICS Act—currently under consideration in the Judiciary Committee blows past current U.S. copyright term to provide a windfall to a select few. The CLASSICS Act (Compensating Legacy Artists for their Songs, Serv-ice, and Important Contributions to Society Act) would give up to 144 of ex-clusive copyright protection for digital transmissions of pre-1972 sound record-ings. Not only that, but it would create a hodge-podge of State and Federal rights, basically cherry-picking the most valuable right under the Federal regime and leaving the rest to be gov-erned by States. This means that if a library wants to make a copy of a re-cording, and then digitally transmit that copy, it would have to navigate two different regimes—creating more uncertainty, not less. That is why, today, I am introducing the ACCESS to Recordings Act. It would give artists the full suite of Fed-eral rights, as well as the uniformity and certainty that goes with the Fed-eral copyright system. Along with that comes the exceptions and limitations, including those that enable archivists to preserve recordings, many of which are starting to degrade in their origi-nal physical medium and urgently need to be digitally preserved. In addition, it provides the same term available to post-72 recordings—95 years from publi-cation. Let’s be clear that is a signifi-cant term of protection. A song re-corded in 1960 will enjoy protection until 2055—37 years from now. I hope that someday, in the not too distant future, my colleagues and I can sit down and talk about real copyright reform, but in the meantime, we shouldn’t be expanding term and mak-ing it more difficult for users of the copyright system—including both art-ists and the public—to navigate their rights and obligations. What I suggest instead is a straight-forward applica-tion of the Federal rules that apply to post-1972 recordings to those created before that time. We must remember that copyright is for the public inter-est, not just for the enrichment of large corporations. That is why I am introducing the ACCESS to Recordings Act. By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. R OUNDS , and Mr. R
ISCH): S. 2943. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt Indian tribal governments and other tribal en-tities from the employer health cov-erage mandate during the time the em-ployer health coverage mandate exists; to the Committee on Finance. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2943 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Tribal Em-ployment and Jobs Protection Act’’. 
SEC. 2. EXEMPTION OF INDIAN TRIBAL GOVERN-MENTS FROM EMPLOYER MANDATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 4980H(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subparagraph: ‘‘(G) C
ERTAIN INDIAN EMPLOYERS .—The term ‘applicable large employer’ does not in-clude— ‘‘(i) any Indian tribal government (as de-fined in section 7701(a)(40)), a subdivision of an Indian tribal government (determined in accordance with section 7871(d)), or an agen-cy or instrumentality of an Indian tribal government or subdivision thereof, ‘‘(ii) any tribal organization (as defined in section 4(l) of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act), ‘‘(iii) any corporation if more than 50 per-cent (determined by vote and value) of the outstanding stock of such corporation is owned, directly or indirectly, by any entity described in clause (i) or (ii), or ‘‘(iv) any partnership if more than 50 per-cent of the value of the capital and profits interests of such partnership are owned, di-rectly or indirectly, by any entity described in clause (i) or (ii).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to calendar years beginning after December 31, 2014. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 520—RECOG-NIZING AND COMMENDING THE CONTRIBUTIONS OF LI KA-SHING IN GLOBAL BUSINESS LEADER-SHIP AND PHILANTHROPY UPON HIS RETIREMENT FROM A 78- YEAR PROFESSIONAL CAREER Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted the following res-olution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 520 Whereas Congress has recognized examples of corporate statesmanship and philanthropy in an effort to encourage similar engagement within the United States and abroad; Whereas Li Ka-shing was the chairman of the CK Group of Companies, a multinational corporation with 310,000 employees operating in 57 countries around the world; Whereas Li Ka-shing has dedicated his life not only to the success of the CK Group of Companies, but also to improving the wel-fare of all of humanity; Whereas, at the age of 12, Li Ka-shing was forced to leave school to provide for his fam-ily following the death of his father from tu-berculosis, and later became the wealthiest individual in Asia; Whereas the business philosophy of Li Ka- shing reflects his belief in the importance of cooperation and contribution from allies, partners, and employees; Whereas Li Ka-shing believes and has taught that an equitable society can only be achieved if individuals are willing to do their part to build a more caring society; Whereas, in 1980, Li Ka-shing established the Li Ka Shing Foundation to nurture a cul-ture of giving and to foster creativity, con-structive engagement, and sustainability; Whereas, to date, Li Ka-shing, through the Li Ka Shing Foundation and the CK Group of Companies, has given some $3,000,000,000 to support critical programs that transcend na-tional boundaries, governments, ethnicities, religions, and politics; Whereas the philanthropy of Li Ka-shing includes donations to children’s health and resources centers, cancer research centers, and major medical and bioscience research facilities at Stanford University, the Univer-sity of California, Berkeley, and the Univer-sity of California, San Francisco, Whereas Li Ka-shing has given billions of dollars to combat hepatitis, avian flu, and hereditary and degenerative diseases; Whereas Li Ka-shing has funded scholar-ships at the University of Utah, Utah Valley University, and schools throughout Canada, Asia, and Europe; Whereas the philanthropy of Li Ka-shing has— (1) created a free hospice program through-out China; (2) built hospitals; and (3) provided medical services— (A) to correct cataracts; (B) to help children with cleft lips and palates; and (C) to install prosthetics for amputees; Whereas Li Ka-shing has developed a mon-astery as a modern institute for Buddhist education to spread peace and harmony; Whereas Li Ka-shing has brought relief to victims of tsunamis in American Samoa and Indonesia, as well as earthquakes around the world; Whereas Li Ka-shing has established Shantou University, the only privately fund-ed public university in the world, to provide open enrollment to students across China, regardless of their means; Whereas, in his historic ‘‘My Third Son’’ speech, Li Ka-shing articulated his philos-ophy that his fellow man is as much a part of his family as are his sons, Victor and Richard; Whereas the ‘‘My Third Son’’ speech has been referenced by other philanthropists, such as Warren Buffett; Whereas the concept of the ‘‘Third Son’’ of Li Ka-shing has been mentioned in ‘‘The Chronicle of Philanthropy’’ and cited in the context of honors Li Ka-shing has received, such as the inaugural Malcolm S. Forbes Lifetime Achievement Award, the Carnegie Medal of Philanthropy, the Knight Com-mander of the Order of the British Empire, the Commandeur, Le´gion d’honneur in France, and the Grand Bauhinia Medal in Hong Kong; and Whereas Li Ka-shing has retired as Chair-man of CK Group of Companies: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) commends Li Ka-shing for his global business leadership and service to humanity through the advancement of philanthropy; (2) congratulates Li Ka-shing as he for-mally retires as chairman of the CK Group of Companies on May 10, 2018; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.027 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2881 May 23, 2018 
(3) respectfully requests that the Secretary of the Senate transmit a copy of this resolu-tion to Li Ka-shing. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 521—CON-DEMNING THE HORRIFIC ATTACK IN SANTA FE, TEXAS, AND EX-PRESSING SUPPORT AND PRAY-ERS FOR ALL OF THOSE IM-PACTED BY THE TRAGEDY Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. M
CCONNELL , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. A
LEXANDER , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. B URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. C ASSIDY , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. C ORKER , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. D
AINES , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E
RNST , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G
RASSLEY , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mrs. H YDE-SMITH, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K
ING, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. M CCAIN, Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. M
ORAN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R
EED, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S
ASSE, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S COTT, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S MITH, Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. W AR-
NER, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. Y OUNG ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 521 Whereas on May 18, 2018, a mass shooting took place at Santa Fe High School in Santa Fe, Texas; Whereas the people of the United States mourn the 10 innocent lives that were lost at Santa Fe High School in this unthinkable tragedy; Whereas the people of the United States continue to pray for those who were wounded in the attack and are now recovering; Whereas law enforcement personnel and first responders performed their duties admi-rably during the attack and risked their lives for the safety of the students of Santa Fe High School; and Whereas the people of the United States are grateful for the quick action of first re-sponders who cared for the injured: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) condemns the senseless attack at Santa Fe High School in Santa Fe, Texas, that took place on Friday, May 18, 2018; (2) honors the memories of the victims that were killed; (3) expresses hope for a full and speedy re-covery and pledges continued support for people who were injured in the attack; (4) offers heartfelt condolences and deepest sympathies to all of the students, teachers, administrators, and faculty of Santa Fe High School, as well as the families, friends, and loved ones affected by the tragedy; and (5) honors the selfless and dedicated serv-ice of— (A) the teachers, school administrators, school support staff, medical professionals, and other individuals in the Galveston Coun-ty community; (B) the emergency response teams and law enforcement officials who responded to the call of duty; and (C) the law enforcement officials who con-tinue to investigate the attack. f AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 2267. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. C AS-
SIDY) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 916, to provide for the delivery of a con-trolled substance by a pharmacy to an ad-ministering practitioner. SA 2268. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C AS-
SIDY) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 916, supra. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 2267. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C
ASSIDY ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 916, to provide for the deliv-ery of a controlled substance by a phar-macy to an administering practitioner; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ensuring Patient Access to Substance Use Disorder Treatments Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. DELIVERY OF A CONTROLLED SUB-STANCE BY A PHARMACY TO BE AD-MINISTERED BY INJECTION OR IM-PLANTATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Controlled Sub-stances Act is amended by inserting after section 309 (21 U.S.C. 829) the following: ‘‘
DELIVERY OF A CONTROLLED SUBSTANCE BY A  
PHARMACY TO AN ADMINISTERING PRACTI -
TIONER  ‘‘S
EC. 309A. (a) I NGENERAL .—Notwith- standing section 102(10), a pharmacy may de-liver a controlled substance to a practitioner in accordance with a prescription that meets the requirements of this title and the regula-tions issued by the Attorney General under this title, for the purpose of administering of the controlled substance by the practitioner if— ‘‘(1) the controlled substance is delivered by the pharmacy to the prescribing practi-tioner or the practitioner administering the controlled substance, as applicable, at the location listed on the practitioner’s certifi-cate of registration issued under this title; ‘‘(2) in the case of administering of the controlled substance for the purpose of main-tenance or detoxification treatment under section 303(g)(2)— ‘‘(A) the practitioner who issued the pre-scription is a qualifying practitioner author-ized under, and acting within the scope of that section; and ‘‘(B) the controlled substance is to be ad-ministered by injection or implantation; ‘‘(3) the pharmacy and the practitioner are authorized to conduct the activities specified in this section under the law of the State in which such activities take place; ‘‘(4) the prescription is not issued to supply any practitioner with a stock of controlled substances for the purpose of general dis-pensing to patients; ‘‘(5) except as provided in subsection (b), the controlled substance is to be adminis-tered only to the patient named on the pre-scription not later than 14 days after the date of receipt of the controlled substance by the practitioner; and ‘‘(6) notwithstanding any exceptions under section 307, the prescribing practitioner, and the practitioner administering the con-trolled substance, as applicable, maintain complete and accurate records of all con-trolled substances delivered, received, ad-ministered, or otherwise disposed of under this section, including the persons to whom controlled substances were delivered and such other information as may be required by regulations of the Attorney General. ‘‘(b) MODIFICATION OF NUMBER OF DAYSBE-
FORE WHICH CONTROLLED SUBSTANCE SHALL  B
EADMINISTERED .— ‘‘(1) I
NITIAL 2 -YEAR PERIOD .—During the 2- year period beginning on the date of enact-ment of this section, the Attorney General, in coordination with the Secretary, may re-duce the number of days described in sub-section (a)(5) if the Attorney General deter-mines that such reduction will— ‘‘(A) reduce the risk of diversion; or ‘‘(B) protect the public health. ‘‘(2) M
ODIFICATIONS AFTER SUBMISSION OF  
REPORT .—After the date on which the report described in subsection (c) is submitted, the Attorney General, in coordination with the Secretary, may modify the number of days described in subsection (a)(5). ‘‘(3) M
INIMUM NUMBER OF DAYS .—Any modi-fication under this subsection shall be for a period of not less than 7 days.’’. (b) S
TUDY AND REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this sec-tion, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study and submit to Congress a report on access to and potential diversion of controlled substances adminis-tered by injection or implantation. (c) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents for the Com-prehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Con-trol Act of 1970 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 309 the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 309A. Delivery of a controlled sub-stance by a pharmacy to an ad-ministering practitioner.’’. 
SA 2268. Mr. McCONNELL (for Mr. C
ASSIDY ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 916, to provide for the deliv-ery of a controlled substance by a phar-macy to an administering practitioner; as follows: 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To amend the Controlled Substances Act to provide for the delivery of a controlled substance by a pharmacy to an administering practi-tioner.’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I have 7 requests for committees to meet dur-ing today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, May 23, 2018, at 9:30 a m. to conduct a hearing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.034 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2882 May 23, 2018 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, May 23, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Ten years of Conservatorship: the Statue of the Housing Finance System.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, May 23, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, May 23, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Emory A. Rounds III, of Maine, to be Director of the Office of Government Ethics, Kelly Higashi, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia, and Frederick M. Nutt, of Virginia, to be Controller, Office of Federal Financial Management, Office of Management and Budget. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, May 23, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, Allen Cothrel Winsor, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Florida, Patrick R. Wyrick, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma, and Edward W. Felten, of New Jersey, and Jane Nitze, of the District of Columbia, both to be a Member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board. 
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING  
The Special Committee on Aging of the Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, May 23, 2018, at 2 p.m. to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Preventing and Treating Opioid Misuse Among Older Americans.’’ 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON BORDER SECURITY AND  
IMMIGRATION  
The Subcommittee on Border Secu-rity and Immigration of the Com-mittee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on Wednesday, May 23, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘TVPRA and Exploited Loopholes Af-fecting Unaccompanied Alien Chil-dren.’’ 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Katie Stana, a Pearson foreign policy fellow in my of-fice, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the year. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. DIRECTING THE SECRETARY OF THE SENATE TO MAKE A COR-RECTION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF THE BILL S. 2372 Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H. Con. Res. 121, which was re-ceived from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 121) directing the Secretary of the Senate to make a correction in the enrollment of the bill S. 2372. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 121) was agreed to. 
f 
PROTECTING PATIENT ACCESS TO EMERGENCY MEDICATIONS ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 46, S. 916. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 916) to amend the Controlled Sub-stances Act with regard to the provision of emergency medical services. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Pa-tient Access to Emergency Medications Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICES. 
Section 303 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 823) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (j) as sub-section (k); and (2) by inserting after subsection (i) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(j) E
MERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICES THATAD-
MINISTER CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES .— ‘‘(1) R
EGISTRATION .—For the purpose of ena-bling emergency medical services professionals to administer controlled substances in schedule II, III, IV, or V to ultimate users receiving emer-gency medical services in accordance with the requirements of this subsection, the Attorney General— ‘‘(A) shall register an emergency medical serv-ices agency if the agency submits an application demonstrating it is authorized to conduct such activity under the laws of each State in which the agency practices; and ‘‘(B) may deny an application for such reg-istration if the Attorney General determines that the issuance of such registration would be in-consistent with the requirements of this sub-section or the public interest based on the fac-tors listed in subsection (f). ‘‘(2) OPTION FOR SINGLE REGISTRATION .—In registering an emergency medical services agen-cy pursuant to paragraph (1), the Attorney Gen-eral shall allow such agency the option of a sin-gle registration in each State where the agency administers controlled substances in lieu of re-quiring a separate registration for each location of the emergency medical services agency. ‘‘(3) H
OSPITAL -BASED AGENCY .—If a hospital- based emergency medical services agency is reg-istered under subsection (f), the agency may use the registration of the hospital to administer controlled substances in accordance with this subsection without being registered under this subsection. ‘‘(4) A
DMINISTRATION OUTSIDE PHYSICAL PRES -
ENCE OF MEDICAL DIRECTOR OR AUTHORIZING  
MEDICAL PROFESSIONAL .—Emergency medical services professionals of a registered emergency medical services agency may administer con-trolled substances in schedule II, III, IV, or V outside the physical presence of a medical direc-tor or authorizing medical professional in the course of providing emergency medical services if the administration is— ‘‘(A) authorized by the law of the State in which it occurs; and ‘‘(B) pursuant to— ‘‘(i) a standing order that is issued and adopt-ed by one or more medical directors of the agen-cy, including any such order that may be devel-oped by a specific State authority; or ‘‘(ii) a verbal order that is— ‘‘(I) issued in accordance with a policy of the agency; and ‘‘(II) provided by a medical director or author-izing medical professional in response to a re-quest by the emergency medical services profes-sional with respect to a specific patient— ‘‘(aa) in the case of a mass casualty incident; or ‘‘(bb) to ensure the proper care and treatment of a specific patient. ‘‘(5) D
ELIVERY .—A registered emergency med-ical services agency may deliver controlled sub-stances from a registered location of the agency to an unregistered location of the agency only if— ‘‘(A) the agency designates the unregistered location for such delivery; and ‘‘(B) notifies the Attorney General at least 30 days prior to first delivering controlled sub-stances to the unregistered location. ‘‘(6) S
TORAGE .—A registered emergency med-ical services agency may store controlled sub-stances— ‘‘(A) at a registered location of the agency; ‘‘(B) at any designated location of the agency or in an emergency services vehicle situated at a registered or designated location of the agency; or ‘‘(C) in an emergency medical services vehicle used by the agency that is— ‘‘(i) traveling from, or returning to, a reg-istered or designated location of the agency in the course of responding to an emergency; or ‘‘(ii) otherwise actively in use by the agency under circumstances that provide for security of the controlled substances consistent with the re-quirements established by regulations of the At-torney General. ‘‘(7) N
O TREATMENT AS DISTRIBUTION .—The delivery of controlled substances by a registered emergency medical services agency pursuant to this subsection shall not be treated as distribu-tion for purposes of section 308. ‘‘(8) R
ESTOCKING OF EMERGENCY MEDICAL  
SERVICES VEHICLES AT A HOSPITAL .—Notwith- standing paragraph (13)(J), a registered emer-gency medical services agency may receive con-trolled substances from a hospital for purposes of restocking an emergency medical services ve-hicle following an emergency response, and without being subject to the requirements of sec-tion 308, provided all of the following conditions are satisfied: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.039 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2883 May 23, 2018 
‘‘(A) The registered or designated location of the agency where the vehicle is primarily situ-ated maintains a record of such receipt in ac-cordance with paragraph (9). ‘‘(B) The hospital maintains a record of such delivery to the agency in accordance with sec-tion 307. ‘‘(C) If the vehicle is primarily situated at a designated location, such location notifies the registered location of the agency within 72 hours of the vehicle receiving the controlled sub-stances. ‘‘(9) M
AINTENANCE OF RECORDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A registered emergency medical services agency shall maintain records in accordance with subsections (a) and (b) of section 307 of all controlled substances that are received, administered, or otherwise disposed of pursuant to the agency’s registration, without regard to subsection 307(c)(1)(B). ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Such records— ‘‘(i) shall include records of deliveries of con-trolled substances between all locations of the agency; and ‘‘(ii) shall be maintained, whether electroni-cally or otherwise, at each registered and des-ignated location of the agency where the con-trolled substances involved are received, admin-istered, or otherwise disposed of. ‘‘(10) O
THER REQUIREMENTS .—A registered emergency medical services agency, under the supervision of a medical director, shall be re-sponsible for ensuring that— ‘‘(A) all emergency medical services profes-sionals who administer controlled substances using the agency’s registration act in accord-ance with the requirements of this subsection; ‘‘(B) the recordkeeping requirements of para-graph (9) are met with respect to a registered lo-cation and each designated location of the agency; ‘‘(C) the applicable physical security require-ments established by regulation of the Attorney General are complied with wherever controlled substances are stored by the agency in accord-ance with paragraph (6); and ‘‘(D) the agency maintains, at a registered lo-cation of the agency, a record of the standing orders issued or adopted in accordance with paragraph (9). ‘‘(11) R
EGULATIONS .—The Attorney General may issue regulations— ‘‘(A) specifying, with regard to delivery of controlled substances under paragraph (5)— ‘‘(i) the types of locations that may be des-ignated under such paragraph; and ‘‘(ii) the manner in which a notification under paragraph (5)(B) must be made; ‘‘(B) specifying, with regard to the storage of controlled substances under paragraph (6), the manner in which such substances must be stored at registered and designated locations, including in emergency medical service vehicles; and ‘‘(C) addressing the ability of hospitals, emer-gency medical services agencies, registered loca-tions, and designated locations to deliver con-trolled substances to each other in the event of— ‘‘(i) shortages of such substances; ‘‘(ii) a public health emergency; or ‘‘(iii) a mass casualty event. ‘‘(12) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed— ‘‘(A) to limit the authority vested in the Attor-ney General by other provisions of this title to take measures to prevent diversion of controlled substances; or ‘‘(B) to override the authority of any State to regulate the provision of emergency medical services consistent with this subsection. ‘‘(13) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(A) The term ‘authorizing medical profes-sional’ means an emergency or other physician, or another medical professional (including an advanced practice registered nurse or physician assistant) who is— ‘‘(i) registered under this Act; ‘‘(ii) acting within the scope of the registra-tion; and ‘‘(iii) whose scope of practice under a State li-cense or certification includes the ability to pro-vide verbal orders. ‘‘(B) The term ‘designated location’ means a location designated by an emergency medical services agency under paragraph (5). ‘‘(C) The term ‘emergency medical services’ means emergency medical response and emer-gency mobile medical services provided outside of a fixed medical facility. ‘‘(D) The term ‘emergency medical services agency’ means an organization providing emer-gency medical services, including such an orga-nization that— ‘‘(i) is governmental (including fire-based and hospital-based agencies), nongovernmental (in-cluding hospital-based agencies), private, or vol-unteer-based; ‘‘(ii) provides emergency medical services by ground, air, or otherwise; and ‘‘(iii) is authorized by the State in which the organization is providing such services to pro-vide emergency medical care, including the ad-ministering of controlled substances, to members of the general public on an emergency basis. ‘‘(E) The term ‘emergency medical services professional’ means a health care professional (including a nurse, paramedic, or emergency medical technician) licensed or certified by the State in which the professional practices and credentialed by a medical director of the respec-tive emergency medical services agency to pro-vide emergency medical services within the scope of the professional’s State license or certifi-cation. ‘‘(F) The term ‘emergency medical services ve-hicle’ means an ambulance, fire apparatus, su-pervisor truck, or other vehicle used by an emer-gency medical services agency for the purpose of providing or facilitating emergency medical care and transport or transporting controlled sub-stances to and from the registered and des-ignated locations. ‘‘(G) The term ‘hospital-based’ means, with respect to an agency, owned or operated by a hospital. ‘‘(H) The term ‘medical director’ means a phy-sician who is registered under subsection (f) and provides medical oversight for an emergency medical services agency. ‘‘(I) The term ‘medical oversight’ means super-vision of the provision of medical care by an emergency medical services agency. ‘‘(J) The term ‘registered location’ means a lo-cation that appears on the certificate of reg-istration issued to an emergency medical serv-ices agency under this subsection or subsection (f), which shall be where the agency receives controlled substances from distributors. ‘‘(K) The term ‘registered emergency medical services agency’ means— ‘‘(i) an emergency medical services agency that is registered pursuant to this subsection; or ‘‘(ii) a hospital-based emergency medical serv-ices agency that is covered by the registration of the hospital under subsection (f). ‘‘(L) The term ‘specific State authority’ means a governmental agency or other such authority, including a regional oversight and coordinating body, that, pursuant to State law or regulation, develops clinical protocols regarding the deliv-ery of emergency medical services in the geo-graphic jurisdiction of such agency or authority within the State that may be adopted by medical directors. ‘‘(M) The term ‘standing order’ means a writ-ten medical protocol in which a medical director determines in advance the medical criteria that must be met before administering controlled sub-stances to individuals in need of emergency medical services. ‘‘(N) The term ‘verbal order’ means an oral di-rective that is given through any method of communication including by radio or telephone, directly to an emergency medical services profes-sional, to contemporaneously administer a con-trolled substance to individuals in need of emer-gency medical services outside the physical pres-ence of the medical director or authorizing med-ical professional.’’. SEC. 3. DELIVERY OF A CONTROLLED SUBSTANCE BY A PHARMACY TO AN ADMIN-ISTERING PRACTITIONER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Controlled Substance Act is amended by inserting after section 309 (21. U.S.C. 829) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 309A. DELIVERY OF A CONTROLLED SUB-STANCE BY A PHARMACY TO AN AD-MINISTERING PRACTITIONER. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 102(10), a pharmacy may deliver a controlled substance to a practitioner in accordance with a prescription that meets the requirements of this Act and the regulations issued by the Attorney General under this Act, for the purpose of ad-ministering of the controlled substance by the practitioner if— ‘‘(1) the controlled substance is delivered by the pharmacy to the prescribing practitioner or the practitioner administering the controlled substance, as applicable, at the location listed on the practitioner’s certificate of registration issued under this Act; ‘‘(2)(A) in the case of administering of the controlled substance for the purpose of mainte-nance or detoxification treatment under section 303(g)(2)— ‘‘(i) the practitioner who issued the prescrip-tion is a qualifying practitioner authorized under, and acting within the scope of that sec-tion; and ‘‘(ii) the controlled substance is to be adminis-tered by injection, implantation, or through the use of an intrathecal pump; or ‘‘(B) in the case of administering of the con-trolled substance for a purpose other than main-tenance or detoxification treatment, the con-trolled substance is to be administered by a practitioner through use of an intrathecal pump; ‘‘(3) the pharmacy and the practitioner are authorized to conduct the activities specified in this section under the law of the State in which such activities take place; ‘‘(4) the prescription is not issued to supply any practitioner with a stock of controlled sub-stances for the purpose of general dispensing to patients; ‘‘(5) except as provided in subsection (b), the controlled substance is to be administered only to the patient named on the prescription not later than 14 days after the date of receipt of the controlled substance by the practitioner; and ‘‘(6) notwithstanding any exceptions under section 307, the prescribing practitioner, and the practitioner administering the controlled sub-stance, as applicable, maintain complete and ac-curate records of all controlled substances deliv-ered, received, administered, or otherwise dis-posed of under this section, including the per-sons to whom controlled substances were deliv-ered and such other information as may be re-quired by regulations of the Attorney General. ‘‘(b) M
ODIFICATION OF NUMBER OF DAYSBE-
FORE WHICH CONTROLLED SUBSTANCE SHALL BE A
DMINISTERED .— ‘‘(1) I
NITIAL 2 -YEAR PERIOD .—During the 2- year period beginning on the date of enactment of this section, the Attorney General, in coordi-nation with the Secretary, may reduce the num-ber of days described in subsection (a)(5) if the Attorney General determines that such reduc-tion will— ‘‘(A) reduce the risk of diversion; or ‘‘(B) protect the public health. ‘‘(2) M
ODIFICATIONS AFTER SUBMISSION OF RE -
PORT.—After the date on which the report de-scribed in subsection (c) is submitted, the Attor-ney General, in coordination with the Secretary, may modify the number of days described in subsection (a)(5). ‘‘(3) M
INIMUM NUMBER OF DAYS .—Any modi-fication under this subsection shall be for a pe-riod of not less than 7 days. ‘‘(c) S
TUDY AND REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this section, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.044 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2884 May 23, 2018 
the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study and submit to Congress a report on access to and potential diversion of controlled substances administered by injection, implantation, or through the use of an intrathecal pump.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents for the Com-prehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 309 the following: ‘‘Sec. 309A. Delivery of a controlled substance by a pharmacy to an admin-istering practitioner.’’. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported substitute amendment be withdrawn, the Cassidy substitute amendment at the desk be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, the Cas-sidy title amendment be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was with-drawn. The amendment (No. 2267) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ensuring Patient Access to Substance Use Disorder Treatments Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. DELIVERY OF A CONTROLLED SUB-STANCE BY A PHARMACY TO BE AD-MINISTERED BY INJECTION OR IM-PLANTATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Controlled Sub-stances Act is amended by inserting after section 309 (21 U.S.C. 829) the following: ‘‘
DELIVERY OF A CONTROLLED SUBSTANCE BY A  
PHARMACY TO AN ADMINISTERING PRACTI -
TIONER  ‘‘S
EC. 309A. (a) I NGENERAL .—Notwith- standing section 102(10), a pharmacy may de-liver a controlled substance to a practitioner in accordance with a prescription that meets the requirements of this title and the regula-tions issued by the Attorney General under this title, for the purpose of administering of the controlled substance by the practitioner if— ‘‘(1) the controlled substance is delivered by the pharmacy to the prescribing practi-tioner or the practitioner administering the controlled substance, as applicable, at the location listed on the practitioner’s certifi-cate of registration issued under this title; ‘‘(2) in the case of administering of the controlled substance for the purpose of main-tenance or detoxification treatment under section 303(g)(2)— ‘‘(A) the practitioner who issued the pre-scription is a qualifying practitioner author-ized under, and acting within the scope of that section; and ‘‘(B) the controlled substance is to be ad-ministered by injection or implantation; ‘‘(3) the pharmacy and the practitioner are authorized to conduct the activities specified in this section under the law of the State in which such activities take place; ‘‘(4) the prescription is not issued to supply any practitioner with a stock of controlled substances for the purpose of general dis-pensing to patients; ‘‘(5) except as provided in subsection (b), the controlled substance is to be adminis-tered only to the patient named on the pre-scription not later than 14 days after the date of receipt of the controlled substance by the practitioner; and ‘‘(6) notwithstanding any exceptions under section 307, the prescribing practitioner, and the practitioner administering the con-trolled substance, as applicable, maintain complete and accurate records of all con-trolled substances delivered, received, ad-ministered, or otherwise disposed of under this section, including the persons to whom controlled substances were delivered and such other information as may be required by regulations of the Attorney General. ‘‘(b) MODIFICATION OF NUMBER OF DAYSBE-
FORE WHICH CONTROLLED SUBSTANCE SHALL  B
EADMINISTERED .— ‘‘(1) I
NITIAL 2 -YEAR PERIOD .—During the 2- year period beginning on the date of enact-ment of this section, the Attorney General, in coordination with the Secretary, may re-duce the number of days described in sub-section (a)(5) if the Attorney General deter-mines that such reduction will— ‘‘(A) reduce the risk of diversion; or ‘‘(B) protect the public health. ‘‘(2) M
ODIFICATIONS AFTER SUBMISSION OF  
REPORT .—After the date on which the report described in subsection (c) is submitted, the Attorney General, in coordination with the Secretary, may modify the number of days described in subsection (a)(5). ‘‘(3) M
INIMUM NUMBER OF DAYS .—Any modi-fication under this subsection shall be for a period of not less than 7 days.’’. (b) S
TUDY AND REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this sec-tion, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study and submit to Congress a report on access to and potential diversion of controlled substances adminis-tered by injection or implantation. (c) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents for the Com-prehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Con-trol Act of 1970 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 309 the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 309A. Delivery of a controlled sub-stance by a pharmacy to an ad-ministering practitioner.’’. 
The bill (S. 916), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. The amendment (No. 2268) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the title) Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To amend the Controlled Substances Act to provide for the delivery of a controlled substance by a pharmacy to an administering practi-tioner.’’. f 
TRIBAL HUD-VASH ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 289, S. 1333. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1333) to provide for rental assist-ance for homeless or at-risk Indian veterans. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Indian Affairs, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Tribal HUD- VASH Act of 2017’’. SEC. 2. RENTAL ASSISTANCE FOR HOMELESS OR AT-RISK INDIAN VETERANS. 
Section 8(o)(19) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)(19)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) I
NDIAN VETERANS HOUSING RENTAL AS -
SISTANCE PROGRAM .— ‘‘(i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subparagraph: ‘‘(I) E
LIGIBLE INDIAN VETERAN .—The term ‘eli-gible Indian veteran’ means an Indian veteran who is— ‘‘(aa) homeless or at risk of homelessness; and ‘‘(bb) living— ‘‘(AA) on or near a reservation; or ‘‘(BB) in or near any other Indian area. ‘‘(II) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENT .—The term ‘eligible recipient’ means a recipient eligible to receive a grant under section 101 of the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4111). ‘‘(III) I
NDIAN ; INDIAN AREA .—The terms ‘In-dian’ and ‘Indian area’ have the meanings given those terms in section 4 of the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Deter-mination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4103). ‘‘(IV) I
NDIAN VETERAN .—The term ‘Indian vet-eran’ means an Indian who is a veteran. ‘‘(V) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘Program’ means the Tribal HUD-VASH program carried out under clause (ii). ‘‘(VI) T
RIBAL ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘tribal organization’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). ‘‘(ii) P
ROGRAM SPECIFICATIONS .—The Sec- retary shall use not less than 5 percent of the amounts made available for rental assistance under this paragraph to carry out a rental as-sistance and supported housing program, to be known as the ‘Tribal HUD-VASH program’, in conjunction with the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs, by awarding grants for the benefit of eligi-ble Indian veterans. ‘‘(iii) M
ODEL .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-clause (II), the Secretary shall model the Pro-gram on the rental assistance and supported housing program authorized under subpara-graph (A) and applicable appropriations Acts, including administration in conjunction with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. ‘‘(II) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(aa) S
ECRETARY OF HOUSING AND URBAN DE -
VELOPMENT .—After consultation with Indian tribes, eligible recipients, and any other appro-priate tribal organizations, the Secretary may make necessary and appropriate modifications to facilitate the use of the Program by eligible recipients to serve eligible Indian veterans. ‘‘(bb) S
ECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS .— After consultation with Indian tribes, eligible recipients, and any other appropriate tribal or-ganizations, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs may make necessary and appropriate modifica-tions to facilitate the use of the Program by eli-gible recipients to serve eligible Indian veterans. ‘‘(iv) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENTS .—The Secretary shall make amounts for rental assistance and associated administrative costs under the Pro-gram available in the form of grants to eligible recipients. ‘‘(v) F
UNDING CRITERIA .—The Secretary shall award grants under the Program based on— ‘‘(I) need; ‘‘(II) administrative capacity; and ‘‘(III) any other funding criteria established by the Secretary in a notice published in the Federal Register after consulting with the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs. ‘‘(vi) A
DMINISTRATION .—Grants awarded under the Program shall be administered in ac-cordance with the Native American Housing As-sistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4101 et seq.), except that recipients shall— ‘‘(I) submit to the Secretary, in a manner pre-scribed by the Secretary, reports on the utiliza-tion of rental assistance provided under the Pro-gram; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.044 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2885 May 23, 2018 
‘‘(II) provide to the Secretary information specified by the Secretary to assess the effective-ness of the Program in serving eligible Indian veterans. ‘‘(vii) C
ONSULTATION .— ‘‘(I) G
RANT RECIPIENTS ; TRIBAL ORGANIZA -
TIONS .—The Secretary, in coordination with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, shall consult with eligible recipients and any other appropriate tribal organization on the design of the Program to ensure the effective delivery of rental assist-ance and supportive services to eligible Indian veterans under the Program. ‘‘(II) I
NDIAN HEALTH SERVICE .—The Director of the Indian Health Service shall provide any assistance requested by the Secretary or the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs in carrying out the Program. ‘‘(viii) W
AIVER .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-clause (II), the Secretary may waive or specify alternative requirements for any provision of law (including regulations) that the Secretary administers in connection with the use of rental assistance made available under the Program if the Secretary finds that the waiver or alter-native requirement is necessary for the effective delivery and administration of rental assistance under the Program to eligible Indian veterans. ‘‘(II) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary may not waive or specify alternative requirements under subclause (I) for any provision of law (including regulations) relating to labor standards or the environment. ‘‘(ix) R
ENEWAL GRANTS .—The Secretary may— ‘‘(I) set aside, from amounts made available for tenant-based rental assistance under this subsection and without regard to the amounts used for new grants under clause (ii), such amounts as may be necessary to award renewal grants to eligible recipients that received a grant under the Program in a previous year; and ‘‘(II) specify criteria that an eligible recipient must satisfy to receive a renewal grant under subclause (I), including providing data on how the eligible recipient used the amounts of any grant previously received under the Program. ‘‘(x) R
EPORTING .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Tribal HUD-VASH Act of 2017, and every 5 years thereafter, the Secretary, in coordination with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Director of the Indian Health Service, shall— ‘‘(aa) conduct a review of the implementation of the Program, including any factors that may have limited its success; and ‘‘(bb) submit a report describing the results of the review under item (aa) to— ‘‘(AA) the Committee on Indian Affairs, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and ‘‘(BB) the Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs of the Committee on Natural Resources, the Committee on Financial Services, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(II) A
NALYSIS OF HOUSING STOCK LIMITA -
TION.—The Secretary shall include in the initial report submitted under subclause (I) a descrip-tion of— ‘‘(aa) any regulations governing the use of formula current assisted stock (as defined in section 1000.314 of title 24, Code of Federal Reg-ulations (or any successor regulation)) within the Program; ‘‘(bb) the number of recipients of grants under the Program that have reported the regulations described in item (aa) as a barrier to implemen-tation of the Program; and ‘‘(cc) proposed alternative legislation or regu-lations developed by the Secretary in consulta-tion with recipients of grants under the Program to allow the use of formula current assisted stock within the Program.’’. Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported substitute amendment be agreed to and the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (S. 1333), as amended, was passed. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
INSPECTOR GENERAL REC-OMMENDATION TRANSPARENCY ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 409, S. 2178. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2178) to require the Council of In-spectors General on Integrity and Efficiency to make open recommendations of Inspec-tors General publicly available, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, with an amendment and an amendment to the title. (Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the part printed in italic.) 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Inspector Gen-eral Recommendation Transparency Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. INSPECTOR GENERAL OPEN REC-OMMENDATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended— (1) in section 5— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘the total number and’’ before ‘‘a description of’’; and (ii) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) the total number of open recommenda-tions described in previous semiannual reports on which corrective action has not been com-pleted, and an identification of each open rec-ommendation, which shall include— ‘‘(A) the title of each report in which an open recommendation was issued; ‘‘(B) the assigned number of each open rec-ommendation, as designated within a report de-scribed in subparagraph (A); ‘‘(C) a short description of each open rec-ommendation; ‘‘(D) the date on which each open rec-ommendation was submitted in final form to the head of the establishment; ‘‘(E) if available, any cost savings if the cor-rective action with respect to the open rec-ommendation were completed; and ‘‘(F) any other information as determined ap-propriate by the Inspector General that clarifies the progress of implementing the open rec-ommendation or the expected timeframe for im-plementation.’’; and (B) in subsection (f)— (i) paragraph (6)(B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in paragraph (7)(B), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) the term ‘open recommendation’ means a recommendation— ‘‘(A) issued by an Inspector General of an es-tablishment and made publicly available; ‘‘(B) on which corrective action has not been completed by the establishment during the 1- year period following the date on which the rec-ommendation was issued; and ‘‘(C) that has not been otherwise closed by the Office.’’; and (2) in section 11(c), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) ESTABLISHMENT OF DATABASE .—Not later than 18 months after the date on which the first semiannual report is required to be prepared under section 5(a) after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Council shall establish and operate a publicly available database that— ‘‘(A) is accessible via the website of the Coun-cil in a standardized, searchable format; and ‘‘(B) includes— ‘‘(i) the information on open recommendations that is required to be included in each semi-annual report under section 5(a)(3); and ‘‘(ii) any other information as determined nec-essary by the Council. ‘‘(6) S
UBMISSION OF REPORTS .—Beginning not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this paragraph, each Inspector General of an es-tablishment or a designated Federal entity (as defined in section 8G(a)) shall, not later than 30 days after the date on which the Inspector Gen-eral issues a public report, submit to the Council the report for publication on a centralized website.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION .—The amendments made by subsection (a)(1) shall apply with respect to the first semiannual report prepared under section 5(a) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) after the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported substitute amendment be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; that the committee-reported title amendment be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The bill (S. 2178), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. The committee-reported title amend-ment was agreed to, as follows: 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to re-quire the Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency to make open recommendations of Inspectors General pub-licly available, and for other purposes.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.047 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2886 May 23, 2018 
CONDEMNING THE HORRIFIC AT-TACK IN SANTA FE, TEXAS, AND EXPRESSING SUPPORT AND PRAYERS FOR ALL OF THOSE IMPACTED BY THE TRAGEDY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 521, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 521) condemning the horrific attack in Santa Fe, Texas, and ex-pressing support and prayers for all of those impacted by the tragedy. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 521) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
SIGNING AUTHORITY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the junior Senator from North Carolina be au-thorized to sign the enrollment of S. 2155. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, MAY 24, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Thursday, May 24; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed. Finally, I ask that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate pro-ceed to executive session and resume consideration of the McWilliams nomi-nations under the previous order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator C
ARDIN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Maryland. HONORING OFFICER AMY S. CAPRIO Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I rise today to mourn the loss of Amy S. Caprio of the Baltimore County Police Department, who was 29 years old. Sadly, Ms. Caprio is the first female police officer to be killed in the line of duty in the history of the Baltimore County Police Department and the 10th officer killed in the history of the de-partment. As a longtime resident of Baltimore County and as the Senator from Mary-land, I want to express my profound sadness and condolences to the family and friends of Ms. Caprio, especially her husband Tim. Officer Caprio was killed on Monday after responding to a call about a sus-picious vehicle and potentially a bur-glary in progress in the Perry Hall re-gion. According to police reports, Offi-cer Caprio had ordered suspects to leave the car when she was deliberately run over by a suspect. It is unclear whether a firearm was discharged, and police are reviewing the footage from her body camera before she was killed. The Baltimore County police now re-port that they have several suspects in custody, including juveniles who have been arrested and charged as adults with first-degree murder. A resident of the neighborhood told the Baltimore Sun that his son saw the officer struck by a vehicle. Tony Kurek, 54, had just walked into the door of his home when his son, Dakota, shouted to him: ‘‘Dad, Dad, a cop just got run over out front,’’ the father re-called his son saying. The officer was lying in front of his house, he said. Da-kota told his father he had seen the of-ficer draw her gun on a black Jeep Wrangler and order the people inside to get out. Instead, the driver sped for-ward, ramming the officer with the ve-hicle. She landed about 20 feet away. ‘‘She basically landed almost in front of my mailbox,’’ Kurek said. Let me thank the Kurek family, as well as the EMS and MedStar Franklin Square Medical Center staff, who rushed to try to save Officer Caprio’s life. I know this event has shaken the Perry Hall community, as well as resi-dents who were asked to shelter in place, and several local elementary schools were placed on lockdown dur-ing the police search for the suspects. I am hopeful that the Blue Alert System in use helped to quickly catch the sus-pects in this case. As we learn more about Officer Caprio’s life, we grieve for her loss. Ac-cording to a story in the Baltimore Sun, she served just shy of 4 years with the Baltimore County Police Depart-ment, but she had already proven her-self to be a dedicated officer. She was credited with bringing down a pair of alleged package thiefs, closing dozens of cases reported around the county at the end of last year. Because of her ef-forts, the department was able to re-cover a cache of stolen property. The department officials stated: She didn’t realize she was embarking on what would become a considerable investiga-tion into holiday package thefts around the eastern portion of Baltimore County. This involved numerous cases being independ-ently investigated by officers in multiple precincts, and would eventually result in the identification and arrest of two suspects, leading to the return of a very sentimental gift. 
Officer Caprio had pieced together evidence from security cameras, inter-viewed witnesses, tracked a vehicle, and compared notes with other officers who were investigating package thefts in the area. She ended up linking two suspects to dozens of stolen package cases in the Parkville, White Marsh, Dundalk, Towson, Cockeysville, and Essex precincts. When officers found the suspects’ hotel room, it was filled with stolen goods, including a brightly colored handmade quilt with a heart-felt inscription that a woman had shipped to her granddaughter. This quilt was eventually returned to the family. Closing the case earned her praise across the nearly 2,000-member depart-ment, and she was named the Parkville precinct’s officer of the month in March. Police Chief Terrence Sheridan said: 
Officer Caprio was the type of officer that you’d want to hire. She was the kind of offi-cer that was going to go up in this organiza-tion. 
Officer Caprio had graduated from Towson University in 2010 and was a 2006 graduate of Loch Raven High School. She joined the county police department in July 2014. She graduated with the department’s 140th recruit class in December 2014 and was ini-tially assigned to the Essex precinct. The men and women of law enforce-ment put their lives on the line every day and run towards danger, not away from it. Family members always worry about being reunited with their spouses, parents, and family members at the end of the day. Last week, I held a delegation meet-ing in the Capitol with our Federal law enforcement officials from Maryland. I thanked them for their service and told them I would fight for the resources they need to combat crime and provide the best possible equipment and train-ing for their agents. This includes pro-viding full funding for the COPS and Byrne JAG Programs, which are abso-lutely critical to our Federal, State, and local law enforcement partner-ships. Teamwork is critical, particu-larly when we are combating crime across jurisdictional boundaries. Last week was National Police Week. It is when we pause to recognize and remember those law enforcement and emergency services officers in Mary-land who have paid the ultimate price and have made the ultimate sacrifice. Each spring, law enforcement takes a rollcall to solemnly mark the ‘‘end of watch’’ for the fallen law enforcement officers. Their names are then added to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial in Judiciary Square, close to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.064 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2887 May 23, 2018 
Capitol Hill. Carved on the memorial’s walls are the names of more than 21,000 officers who have been killed in the line of duty throughout U.S. history. Let me share with my colleagues the other law enforcement officers who were killed this past year in Maryland in addition to Officer Caprio. Sean Matthew Suiter, a detective in the Baltimore City Police Department, was shot on November 15, 2017, while attempting to interview a suspect dur-ing a homicide investigation. Sander Benjamin Cohen, a deputy chief in the Maryland Office of the State Fire Marshal, was killed in a traffic accident on December 8, 2017, as he attempted to assist a law enforce-ment officer whose car was disabled on I–270. FBI Supervisory Special Agent Carlos Wolff was also killed. This year, on February 21, 2018, Cor-poral Mujahid Ramzziddin, a corporal in the Prince George’s County Police Department, in Maryland, was killed while he was off duty and assisting a woman who was involved in a domestic dispute. Once again, I ask my colleagues in the Senate to keep Officer Caprio’s family and colleagues in their thoughts and prayers today. We thank our law enforcement officers and all first re-sponders who run towards danger in-stead of away from it. Congress should make sure that our officers have all of the tools and resources they need to ef-fectively carry out their mission to protect and serve their communities and bring offenders to justice. I thank my colleagues. I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 9:30 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:22 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, May 24, 2018, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nomination received by the Senate: DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
HARRY B. HARRIS, JR., OF FLORIDA, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF KOREA. 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate May 23, 2018: 
DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN  
DEVELOPMENT  
BRIAN D. MONTGOMERY, OF TEXAS, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOP-MENT. 
f 
WITHDRAWAL Executive Message transmitted by the President to the Senate on May 23, 2018 withdrawing from further Senate consideration the following nomina-tion: 
HARRY B. HARRIS, JR., OF FLORIDA, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE COMMON-WEALTH OF AUSTRALIA, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SEN-ATE ON FEBRUARY 13, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.066 S23MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE713 May 23, 2018 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BILL PASCRELL, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 22, 2018 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Chair, I thank the Speaker for allowing a vote on my amend-ment, number 17, which would for the first time include blast exposure history in service records. This would drastically improve the care our service members receive when they return from theater by identifying injuries sus-tained from blasts on the field. This bipartisan policy was recently rec-ommended by the Center for a New American Security, and is supported by my co-chair of the Brain Injury Task Force, Congressman T
HOMAS J. R OONEY (R–FL), as well as inde-pendent researchers and brain injury advo-cates. The effects of our service members’ re-peated exposure to blast events are largely unknown and could take years to show up. Accurate records of blast exposure, including during training, are needed to improve our un-derstanding of blast-induced brain injury. NDAAs in recent years have authorized funding for critical programs like DOD’s Psy-chological Health and Traumatic Brain Injury Research Program. Throughout the appropria-tions process, I hope to see continued funding for this and other brain injury programs at De-fense, such as the Defense and Veterans Brain Injury Center and the National Intrepid Center of Excellence. This funding, coupled with this amendment, will allow us to further understand and improve the care provided to service members who have sustained a brain injury. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BRUCE WESTERMAN 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, due to at-tending the graduation of my eldest son, Eli Westerman, from Yale University, I was un-able to attend votes on Monday, May 21, 2018. Had I been present in the House of Representatives, I would have voted Aye on Roll Call No. 207 (H.R. 4830—SIT–REP Act); Roll Call No. 208 (H.R. 4451—Homeless Vet-erans’ Reintegration Programs Reauthorization Act); and Roll Call No. 209 (H.R. 3832—Vet-erans Opioid Abuse Prevention). IN RECOGNITION OF JERRY FORTE HON. DOUG LAMBORN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, for over twelve years, Jerry Forte has served the Colo-rado Springs area tirelessly and with great success as CEO for Colorado Springs Utilities. During his tenure, Mr. Forte oversaw produc-tion of electric, natural gas, and water services for over a half million customers in our area. In his work, he has streamlined large projects in order to save customers money and im-prove overall efficiency. He will retire this year, but not without leaving a lasting legacy—he has delivered reliable service and low rates to our communities. He also operated the nearly $1 billion utility budget with a high degree of professionalism and incredible stewardship. Community lead-ers like Mr. Forte are the reason our region thrives and remains one of the best places to live in the nation. As a Colorado Springs na-tive, he understands and appreciates that. Mr. Forte returned to his hometown of Colo-rado Springs after serving the communities of Sterling, Colorado and Woodland Park, Colo-rado. He also worked in the private sector as a consulting engineer. He managed Johnson Control’s five-service utility in support of the Los Alamos National Laboratory, where he re-ceived awards for excellence in customer sat-isfaction and leadership excellence. He also has several publications to his credit. Mr. Forte is dedicated to delivering safe and reliable public water and power. I’m extremely thankful for his service and commitment. Our region has been in good hands. Mr. Forte, thank you for over twelve years as CEO of Colorado Springs Utilities and decades more of service to our state. I wish him well and I pray that God will bless him in whatever he decides to do next. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JAY ROBERTS 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Mr. Jay Roberts, who is retiring after thirty years of dedicated serv-ice in music education and as a community leader. Mr. Roberts began his career in 1988 as a part-time elementary music education teacher while working at home repairing musical in-struments. He began teaching full-time at Brentwood Union School District in 1990. In 1995, he entered the Elk Grove School District system, teaching music education at Harriet Eddy Middle School, and will retire as the music director for the award-winning Toby Johnson Middle School Band in Elk Grove, where he’s taught since 2001. Mr. Roberts has served admirably as an outstanding and accomplished music educator and leader in our community. He can be cred-ited with the recognition of Toby Johnson’s Middle School Jaguar Marching Band and Color Guard, an award-winning marching and jazz band. As a music education teacher, Mr. Roberts has impacted the lives of hundreds of students, giving them a sense of confidence and accomplishment. He’s challenged them in a way to make them realize their potential, and the results are an award-winning middle school music program—an incredible accom-plishment. In the community, he founded the Elk Grove Community Concert band, the Jay Roberts Swingtime Orchestra and he also conducts for River City Theater Company. Mr. Roberts holds a Bachelor of Arts in Music Education from California State Univer-sity, Fullerton and completed his graduate work at California State University, Hayward. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Roberts has served our student community with admirable leadership, passion and dedication. He leaves a remark-able legacy. It is my honor to thank him for the positive impacts he’s had on his students and wish him the very best for an enjoyable retire-ment. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TIMOTHY J. WALZ 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I was absent for Roll Call No. 165 (H.R. 4, FAA Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2018). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yes’’ on this vote. 
f 
HONORING BARKEATER CHOCO-LATES ON ITS 10TH ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize Barkeater Chocolates on its 10th anniversary. In 2008, Debbie Morris decided to turn her passion for chocolate into a business. With the help of her husband, Jim, she set out to pro-vide the Adirondacks with artisanal chocolate. The Morris’s renovated an old home into a chocolate factory and retail store in the North Creek area, and have not stopped making chocolate since. Unsatisfied with the lack of variety and qual-ity of chocolates available in their community, the Morris’s set out to provide the North Coun-try the delicious sweets it deserves. Barkeater Chocolates proudly offers dozens of flavors of truffles, caramels, bars, bark, peanut butter cups, and cocoa. Now a thriving business, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23MY8.001 E23MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE714 May 23, 2018 
Barkeater Chocolates serves as a wonderful example of successful entrepreneurship in the North Country. On behalf of New York’s 21st district, I want to congratulate Barkeater Chocolates on its 10th anniversary. Barkeater Chocolates plays an important role in North Creek community life, and I look forward to watching Barkeater Chocolates continue to flourish in the years to come. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL ARTHRITIS AWARENESS MONTH 
HON. DAVID B. McKINLEY 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize National Arthritis Awareness Month. Every May, we call attention to the hardships associated with arthritis, a chronic disease that results in the inflammation or swelling of one or more joints of the body. Arthritis is the num-ber one cause of disability in the United States, and carries a total economic burden of more than $300 billion in medical expenses and lost productivity. During this month of recognition, it’s critical we remember the more than 54 million Ameri-cans, and 300,000 children, living with arthri-tis. There are over 100 different forms in which this disease manifests, the most com-mon being: osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, fibromyalgia, and psoriatic arthritis. While arthritis limits their daily activities, people with arthritis are fighters, and take ac-tion to conquer this disease. As co-chair of the Congressional Arthritis Caucus, along with my colleague Representative E
SHOO , we work to-gether to address some of the most pressing issues facing the arthritis community today, like the high out-of-pocket costs for medica-tion. Increased awareness can lead to early de-tection and treatment, and it fosters an envi-ronment that supports people with the disease in our communities. I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing National Arthritis Awareness Month. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HARLEY GREENWALT 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Harley Greenwalt of Shenandoah, Iowa on the occa-sion of his 100th birthday. Harley celebrated his birthday on May 14, 2018. Our world has changed a great deal during the course of Harley’s life. Since his birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones and the internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Harley has lived through eighteen United States Presidents and twenty- five Governors of Iowa. In his lifetime, the population of the United States has more than tripled. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Har-ley in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish him a very happy 100th birth-day. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Harley on reaching this incred-ible milestone, and wishing him even more health and happiness in the years to come. f 
HONORING FIRST SERGEANT RAJENDRA TONY SINGH 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor First Sergeant Rajendra Tony Singh of South Bend. His acts of heroism and sac-rifice in service to our country are an inspira-tion to us all. Sergeant Singh has served three combat tours in Iraq and another in Afghanistan in his 21 years in the U.S. Marine Corps. He is a true leader who loves his country and is de-voted to his fellow servicemembers. His abili-ties and actions have earned him well-de-served recognition, including a Navy Com-mendation Medal with a V, a Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal, a Navy Meritorious Unit Commendation among many others. These decorations are a sign of his good character, dedication, and patriotism. Sergeant Singh has always gone above and beyond to help others and make a real dif-ference for those in need. His service to our country overseas is matched by his service to his community here at home. Sergeant Singh is a distinguished leader among his peers and a guiding light for his family. I want to thank his wife Marilyn for her incredible strength and for the support she has given to her family while her husband serves. I have no doubt their children Sabrina, Anthony, and Steven will grow up to be as driven and compas-sionate as their father. Sergeant Singh’s legacy and career exem-plify what it means to be a Marine. His stead-fast commitment to humanitarian efforts as well as to preserving our way of life has made our nation and our communities stronger. We are grateful for his continued service and self-less dedication to this country. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking First Sergeant Rajendra T. Singh for his honorable service to our country and wishing him all the best in the amazing things I’m sure lie ahead for him and his family. 
f 
ANTHONY AND ANGELA HALL 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, there’s an old saying, ‘‘In the South there are no strang-ers, just friends we haven’t met yet.’’ In Texas, we call that southern hospitality. It’s rare to find a Texan who isn’t ready to lend a hand to those in need. Hurricane Harvey brought out the best in Texans, and the goodwill shown by Anthony and Angela Hall of Humble, Texas truly shines as bright as the lone star. The Halls, like many in their neighborhood, sustained damage to their home from Hurri-cane Harvey. But like most Texans, Anthony and Angela rushed to help their neighbors and volunteered at a local shelter. One day at the shelter, the couple met a woman and her chil-dren sitting off to the side. The storm had taken everything but the clothes off their backs. Heartbroken and determined to help, Angela told the family that she would feed them. Sure enough, she began to prepare meals for the family at home, which she then brought with her when she went to the shelter. As Angela continued her volunteer service, she recognized that many of her neighbors were also in need of assistance, and before long she was cooking meals for the neighbor-hood, delivering their sustenance door-to-door. Angela and Anthony, along with their four daughters, prepared as many as 300 plates a day for their neighbors still reeling from the ef-fects of the hurricane, waking up before the sunrise every day and spending thousands of dollars of their own money to keep the neigh-borhood from going hungry. To this day, the Halls are still providing meals to anyone in need, and are even willing to travel to ensure that none of their neighbors go hungry. Mr. Speaker, Anthony and Angela Hall are angels in the kitchen and are redefining the depth of Texas hospitality. It is people such as the Halls that ensure that no disaster of any magnitude will ever keep the American nation down. And that is just the way it is. f 
IN MEMORY, REMEMBRANCE, AND CELEBRATION OF DR. JOSE´ FRANCISCO PEN˜A GO´MEZ 
HON. ADRIANO ESPAILLAT 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate and commemorate Dr. Jose ´Fran- cisco Pen˜a Go´mez on the 20th anniversary of his passing. Throughout his life, Dr. Pen ˜a Go´mez was a lifelong public servant who spoke up for the marginalized and often disenfranchised Afro-Latino community from the Dominican Republic; a community and di-chotomy intrinsic to all Caribbean and Latin American nations. It cannot be understated how transcendent Dr. Pen˜a Go´mez remains in the Dominican Republic to have served as Mayor of Santo Domingo; Vice President of the International Socialist Party for the Western Hemisphere; President of the Dominican Revolutionary Party, and twice nominated for the Presidency of the Dominican Republic. But his legacy is not just limited to the Dominican Republic. Dr. Pen˜a Go´mez spent his life campaigning for democracy, progressive public policies, free speech and national sovereignty in the Caribbean and Latin America, and greater international community. Through his global education and activism, Dr. Pen˜a Go´mez be- came a friend and partner with elected leaders and luminaries such as Nobel Peace Prize Winner Willy Brandt; U.S. Representative Charles B. Rangel, U.S. Senator Edward Ken-nedy; French President Franc¸ois Mitterrand; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23MY8.004 E23MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE715 May 23, 2018 
U.S. President Jimmy Carter; and Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonza´lez Ma´rquez. ‘‘The People First!’’ (La gente primero) was a mantra that Dr. Pen˜a Go´mez personified. He never relented in furthering himself and others from the Dominican Republic. His passion for public service in government was a result of his political activism with the Dominican Revo-lutionary Party and lived experience as an Afro-Latino. As an activist, he loudly voiced his opposition to military intervention in the Do-minican Republic; was a fierce proponent of free speech; and denounced unfair elections practices that undermined democracy. Dr. Pen˜a Go´mez worked feverishly to advocate for dual-citizenship for Dominican nationals liv-ing abroad. He was a global advocate for the indigent and his fervent condemnation of civil and human rights violations in the Dominican Republic never waned. From his lifetime of service, Dr. Pen ˜a Go´mez will, without question, be recorded in history as a civil rights icon and advocate for the poor in the Dominican Republic. He was never afraid to speak out against racism and invective directed towards him. He rose above the racism and hatred and in his own words said, ‘‘I am a human being who has experi-enced many vicissitudes . . . I was born in an era of conflicts. I have two sets of parents and two families. One is by blood, and the other is the result of cohabitation. But both are dear to me.’’ It is my pleasure and great honor to cel-ebrate the life and legacy of Dr. Jose ´Fran- cisco Pen˜a Go´mez with his family and those who fondly remember his model and standard. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BRUCE RASMUSSEN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Bruce Rasmussen of Council Bluffs, Iowa for receiv-ing the 2018 Mercy Heritage Award for Busi-ness, sponsored by CHI Mercy Hospital in Council Bluffs. The Heritage Award was cre-ated to show special recognition to volunteers who have enriched our community and helped established a legacy for the future. Bruce is a graduate of Thomas Jefferson High School in Council Bluffs and Iowa State University with an engineering operations de-gree. After college, Bruce returned to Council Bluffs to help his father establish the family heating and air conditioning business. Today, Rasmussen Mechanical Services has oper-ations in seven midwestern states with over 200 team members. Bruce’s business experi-ence goes beyond the family-owned heating and air conditioning business. He has owned a boat hoist manufacturing business, a fitness and wellness center, and helped develop a re-tail outlet center called Power Plaza. He re-cently purchased the old Bingo King building in Council Bluffs and is in the process of ren-ovating the structure to be used as the cor-porate headquarters for Rasmussen Mechan-ical Services. Bruce has taken an active role in his community, serving in leadership roles with the Council Bluffs Chamber of Com-merce, YMCA, Optimist Club, Lutheran Family Services, and Pottawattamie County Founda-tion. He is a youth basketball and baseball coach and is an active member at St. John’s Lutheran Church in Council Bluffs. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Bruce Rasmussen on his selection for the CHI Mercy Hospital Award for Business. I am proud to represent him in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating Bruce and wishing him nothing but con-tinued success in all his future endeavors. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF ESKATON 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Eskaton, the largest nonprofit community organization serving senior citizens in the greater Sacrament area. As team mem-bers, clients, and families celebrate Eskaton’s 50th anniversary, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring Eskaton and its team members for their tireless commitment to en-suring that the needs of our Seniors are met. For the past five decades, Eskaton has been defined by the compassion their staff shows towards their community members and the partnerships they have developed. Eskaton has been part of the growth of our re-gion, enhancing the lives of our Seniors by providing innovative health, housing, and so-cial services to nearly 14,000 people that live in their communities. Eskaton not only serves those living in their facilities, they also provide compassionate support options to those who choose to remain in their own homes. The Center offers important programs that assist Seniors in their daily lives, such as Telephone Reassurance, the Adult Day Health Center, and Eskaton Kids Connection. Eskaton serves the greater Sacramento community and our residents proudly. I extend my appreciation for the efforts of this out-standing organization and the individuals who work tirelessly to provide valuable health initia-tives and benefits to the region’s Seniors. Mr. Speaker, I stand to pay tribute to Eskaton and its staff for fifty years of serving Seniors in the greater Sacramento region. I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring their exemplary work on behalf of Seniors, as well as their ongoing dedication to their mis-sion of serving the community. 
f 
SHARING STUDENTS’ ‘MARCH FOR OUR LIVES’ REMARKS 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, on May 9, I came to the Floor and spoke about the March For Our Lives on March 24 and the nine extraor-dinarily poised students in Morristown, New Jersey, who spoke at the rally there, which I attended. I include in the R
ECORD remarks by Raniya Madhi. I hope my colleagues will read them and internalize the sense of fear in which our nation’s students are living every day—and our responsibility as Members of Congress to do something to address this cri-sis of gun violence. MARCH FOR OURLIVES (By Raniya Madhi) Hi everyone, my name is Raniya Mahdi, and I’m a junior at Ridge High School in Basking Ridge, New Jersey, and I’m partici-pating in this march to honor the lives lost at Stoneman Douglas High School in Park-land, Florida, where we lost seventeen of our school companions and teachers to yet an-other mass shooting in this country. Today is March 24. Millions of people are marching for their lives across the country to demand change so that no student, teach-er, or parent has to fear for their or their loved ones life while they are receiving an education at school. When I heard about this shooting, I had mixed emotions. I was shocked, shocked, that we had to lose seven-teen more innocent kids to another senseless killing, and yet some of us haven’t even ad-dressed this issue that is killing our kids day after day. I was upset, upset to think about how their families must be feeling, that they will never get to kiss their kids goodbye ever again. They will never ever be able to see their loved ones, maybe in another world, but not this one. This world, this country, has made it impossible for us to be able to feel safe in our own schools. We should never have to think about the possibility of being shot by someone who can easily break through our defenseless walls and enter our school like an ordinary person, until they whip out their AR–15 and start firing at stu-dents and staff without a care in the world. The ones who we lost should not have been taken away. Why did they need to suffer be-cause of the inaction and stagnance of our congressmen? I thought to myself: These in-nocent kids came to school, on Valentine’s Day, like any normal school day, yet they did not live to see their families and friends the next day. This is horrifying to me, that countless school shootings like this have happened over the years, but no change. Picture this: A nineteen-year-old walks into a liquor store and lawfully be denied any sort of alcohol. Now picture how is it that a nineteen-year-old cannot legally buy a beer but can legally buy an AR–15 assault rifle at this age? And how can our country allow a person to take the lives of fourteen fellow students and three teachers? We have to unite as one and urge our congressmen to take action. This is why we are participating in this peaceful protest, to pressure our con-gressmen, senators, representatives and the President to make changes to the existing laws. Ban bump stocks! Ban assault rifles! Increase background checks! We deserve to feel safe in our schools! We may just be stu-dents, but this kind of revolution has never happened before, where us kids are taking the reins. Look around you. Look at how many empowered students there are stand-ing up here and around you. This is what de-termination and unity looks like. With these two things, we can be the generation that ends gun violence. Most of us here are just teenagers. We should be worrying about doing well on our AP tests and finals in the end of the year, not about being shot by someone who can enter our schools. There have been eighteen school shootings this year alone, and we are only in March. This country’s problem is that we do not learn from our mistakes. In Australia, there was a mass shooting in 1996, when a gunman killed thirty-five people in Port Arthur. Only weeks after the tragedy, Australia banned all rapid-fire guns and of-fered to buy the remaining weapons that some individuals possessed. Since that day, there has not been a single mass shooting. Not one in the past twenty-two years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY8.009 E23MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE716 May 23, 2018 
Whereas America? After Columbine, Sandy Hook, San Bernardino, Orlando, Vegas and endless others, this country remains numb to any shootings of any kind, no matter how extreme the death tolls are, this country has made it seem like those who died and those who are living aren’t even worth putting any sort of restrictions on the weapon that bru-tally ended their lives and a weapon that could potentially end ours if we do not do something about it. America needs to wake up and address the major problems here: gun violence and school security. We cannot let more innocent lives be taken away. Again, we may not be able to pass legislation, but we have a voice and we are strong and will continue to use it until something is done. Let’s unite as one and support the brave survivors in Parkland that are speaking out for their rights and let’s stand together and fight through this hell of an uphill battle. This is not the end of our fight, it’s only the beginning. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DR. LEWIS A. OPLER 
HON. BILL PASCRELL, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Lewis A. Opler, a doctor who dedicated his life to the care of others. He passed away Thursday, April 12th at the age of 69 in New York City. Dr. Opler was born in 1948 in Los Angeles but spent the majority of his childhood in New York. He graduated magna cum laude from Harvard University with a Bachelor of Arts de-gree in Biochemical Sciences. He went on to receive a Ph.D. in Pharmacology in 1975 as well as a Medical Degree in 1976 from the Al-bert Einstein College of Medicine at Yeshiva University. For 20 years, Dr. Opler served at the New York State Office of Mental Health where he’d go on to become the director of the research division and chief medical officer. Dr. Opler served on the faculties of Columbia Univer-sity’s College of Physicians and Surgeons, New York University School of Medicine and Long Island University. Dr. Opler’s dedication to his work and help-ing those with mental illness made him one of the most distinguished professionals in his field. He helped to develop the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale, which became the gold standard measure of symptoms in pa-tients with schizophrenia. He spent his career treating and researching post-traumatic stress disorder, schizophrenia and other brain dis-orders. His work revolutionized the field and went on to be used in countless research studies and resulted in hundreds of research papers, books, and presentations. Dr. Opler was also an active member of NAIM-NYS, New York States National Alliance on Mental Illness. His actions there went well beyond that of the average doctor. He devoted countless hours to consoling individuals living with mental illness as well as their family and friends. He wrote a column for NAIM-NYS newsletter and for 30 years was an active par-ticipant in their fall educational conference. Among other titles, Dr. Opler was an ac-complished writer and musician, he co-wrote the books ‘‘Resurrection and Redemption: Overcoming Mental Illness and Regaining Dig-nity,’’ with Harryet Ehrlich and ‘‘Prozac and Other Psychiatric Drugs’’ with Carol Bialkowski. Additionally, Dr. Opler worked as the medical editor for the book the ‘‘Complete Pill Guide.’’ During the Vietnam War, Dr. Opler was an outspoken member of the anti-war movement and performed many classic protest songs as well as his own songs during rallies. He was a classically trained violinist and knew how to play the harmonica, banjo, guitar and man-dolin. Dr. Opler was a lifelong defender of labor rights, once leading a walk out for the rights of hospital residents. Dr. Opler’s dedication and spirited empathy has left behind a legacy of generosity, kind-ness and loyalty. His memory will live on in his family, colleagues, peers and community. He was an honorable man who made this world a better place. I offer my sincerest condo-lences to his wife, Annette; his sister, Ruth; his children, Mark, Daniel, Michelle and Doug-las; their spouses Stacy, Yamuna, Paul and Angela and his seven grandsons. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join our col-leagues, Dr. Lewis A. Opler’s colleagues, fam-ily and friends, all those whose lives he has touched, in recognizing Dr. Lewis A. Opler’s remarkable life of service. 
f 
CONGRESS OF FUTURE SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY LEADERS 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Andrea Flores, who was chosen by the National Academy of Future Scientists and Technologists to represent the State of Colo-rado as Delegates at the Congress of Future Science and Technology Leaders. The Congress is an honors-only program for top students in our country who aspire to work in science, technology, engineering, or math (STEM) fields. These students are nominated by their teachers or the Academy based on their leadership ability, academic achievement, and dedication. This program is designed to inspire young people to go into STEM fields and provides a path, plan, and mentoring re-sources to help them reach their dreams. Dur-ing the Congress, the students will have the chance to learn from luminaries of the STEM field including top scientific university deans, leaders from government and the private sec-tor, and even Nobel laureates. This student’s acceptance to this prestigious program is an incredible feat, and it is my honor to rise today and recognize the out-standing accomplishment of this future leader. Our nation greatly benefits from the achieve-ments of scientists and technologists, and it is important that we continue to inspire younger generations to pursue careers in the STEM fields. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 4th Congres-sional District of Colorado, I extend my con-gratulations to Andrea Flores and wish her the best in her future endeavors. TRIBUTE TO LOGAN SCHUMACHER HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Logan Schumacher for winning the Class 1A, 182 pound bracket at the Iowa High School State Wrestling tournament earlier this year. Logan is a senior at Martensdale-St Mary’s High School. He wrestled at the state tour-nament during his entire high school career and was also nominated for the Class A 2018 Dan Gable Wrestler of the Year Award. Iowa has a long and proud history of strong wrestling programs, producing college and Olympic champions for years. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to represent Logan Schumacher and his family in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize him today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Logan on competing in this rig-orous competition and in wishing him nothing but continued success in his education and wrestling career. 
f 
IN HONOR OF MARY GRADY BURNETTE KOONCE 
HON. GEORGE HOLDING 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the life of Mary Grady Burnette Koonce. Mary Grady was born in Raleigh on January 4, 1935. She graduated from Saint Mary’s School in Raleigh in 1954 and went on to re-ceive a degree in Journalism in 1956 from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill where she was a member of Pi Beta Phi so-rority. She worked in public relations for Mere-dith College and then at the Raleigh Times as a court reporter. Mr. Speaker, in 1957, Mary Grady won the North Carolina Press Women First Place Award and also received the Tar Heel Writers Roundtable First Place prize for juvenile fic-tion. She enjoyed freelancing as a journalist, writing short stories and poetry. When not writing, Mary Grady was actively involved in her community. She was a North Carolina Museum of Art docent, Bal de Mer Co-Chair, Treasurer of the Guild; and also Saint Mary’s School Parents’ Council Vice Chair and Vice President of the Friends of the Library. She was a member of the Raleigh Fine Arts Guild, the Junior League of Raleigh, Hayes Barton United Methodist Church Chan-cel Committee, and North Carolina Museum of History Associates Wake County Committee. Regrettably, Mary Grady Burnette Koonce passed away on April 25 this year in Raleigh at the age of 83. She was a kind and graceful wife, mother, daughter, grandmother, and friend who loved time with her children and grandchildren. And she will be missed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY8.012 E23MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE717 May 23, 2018 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TIMOTHY J. WALZ 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I was absent for Roll Call No. 205 (on the final passage of H.R. 2). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No.’’ 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted yea on Roll Call No. 216. 
f 
CONGRATULATING A GROUP OF OUTSTANDING STUDENTS FROM AUBURN, MASSACHUSETTS 
HON. JAMES P. McGOVERN 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate a group of out-standing students from Auburn, Massachu-setts. Students from Auburn High School’s AP United States Government & Politics class traveled here to Washington, D.C. last month to take part in the ‘‘We The People’’ national finals competition. Hosted by the Center for Civic Education, this program teaches kids from across America about the importance of our founding principles. Now more than ever, we must teach our students about the value of public service. Through discussion and simu-lated Congressional hearings, the students got a firsthand look at the historical and contem-porary debates that drive our nation’s political discourse. Auburn High School has taken part in ‘‘We The People’’ since 2011, and this is already their third time to Washington. This year, the class participated in a daylong state competi-tion before moving on to nationals, and raised over $50,000 to help cover the cost of their trip. The most important title in our democracy is that of citizen. We are obligated by our history to pass along to future generations the hard- fought rights and responsibilities of that citi-zenship. Through their hard work, these stu-dents learned that our democracy is not just an achievement, but an unending call to build a more perfect union for all. They discovered the importance of civility, compromise, and community in our politics. And they left know-ing that their voices really do matter here in Washington. Mr. Speaker, I am so proud of the hard work and determination of Samantha Barrell, Brendan Benevento, Zachary Billings, Matthew Bregman, Kayrin Brower, Jessica Chenard, Hannah Cherry, Olivia Copson, Lucas Daly, Enaira DaSilva, Marisa Day, Sydney Dinsdale, Amanda Doherty, Kathryn Dudko, Emily Frost, Jacob Landry, Brianna Leon, Savannah Louis Charles, Morgan Maher, Haydn McPherson, Tiffany Moen, Katelyn Norwood, Renee Ordway, Ana Pietrewicz, Kyle Powers, Brian Sarkisian, Jacob Stokes, Bridget White, and William Wright. Each of them represented Massachusetts with distinction and dedication, and I wish them only success in all their future endeavors. f 
TRIBUTE TO BETA SIGMA PHI 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Beta Sigma Phi. This organization was presented with the Spirit of Christmas Award from the Salvation Army at their annual dinner on May 9, 2018. Beta Sigma Phi is an international women’s sorority that began working with the Salvation Army in 1989. Every year, the Salvation Army provides toys for the women inmates at a nearby prison to select as Christmas presents for their children. Beta Sigma Phi then wraps and packs the gift for shipping, so that the children have presents at Christmas. Mr. Speaker, I commend Beta Sigma Phi for receiving this outstanding award and for their continued commitment to making their com-munity better. I am proud to represent them, and Iowans like them, in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating this group of women and in wishing them nothing but continued suc-cess. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF HARRY ARCHER BUZZETT 
HON. NEAL P. DUNN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Harry Archer Buzzett who passed away peacefully at the age of 94 on April 7, 2018. Harry Buzzett is a decorated war veteran, devout Catholic, and dedicated family man. Harry graduated from West Point on June 6, 1944. On this date, Harry would also learn that his brother Julian Rexall Buzzett (‘‘Rex’’) was killed in action during the D-Day invasion. Harry fought in WWII, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War at the ranks of 2nd Lieuten-ant and later Full Colonel. During his 30 years of service, Harry received the Bronze Star (Valor), the Army Air Medal (Valor), and in 2014, Harry was awarded the French Legion of Honor. Harry Buzzett not only embodied a lifestyle of service while fighting for our country, but also back home (in the states) through dedica-tion to his family and church. Harry married Catherine Neil Austin and to-gether, the two of them would go on to raise six children. The Buzzett family lived in Mas-sachusetts for several years, before moving back to their hometown in Franklin County, FL in 1985. Mr. Buzzett will be missed by many. May his service to our country always be remem-bered and venerated and may he rest in peace. f 
WHEN THE WELDERS CAME TO CAPITOL HILL 
HON. THOMAS R. SUOZZI 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, last year, I wel-comed three welders—Christopher Donahue, Andrew Labeck and Moises Fernandez—into my Washington, D.C. office. They were smart, articulate, and passionate about their work. These welders had access to job training and critical tools to give them a chance to earn and thrive. And our nation needs more of them. Sixty percent of Americans do not at-tend college. We need more post-secondary school education, such as apprenticeship pro-grams and vocational schools for the next generation that chooses not to attend college but is willing to work hard to have the skills to live the American Dream. The collective story of Christopher, Andrew and Moises tells us a great deal about what can work in the American economy. Their story also shines a bright light on how to build an economy that gives everyone a chance to earn a share of the American Dream. Christopher, Andrew and Moises’ story in-spired me to write in the Wall Street Journal about their success and about how to put peo-ple to work in America. Therefore, I include in the R
ECORD , those words, that inspiration. 
[The Wall Street Journal, May 14, 2017] W
HEN THE WELDERS CAME TO CAPITOL HILL (By Tom Suozzi) I’m sitting in my Capitol Hill office a few weeks ago, meeting with three well-dressed, well-spoken young men who earn salaries in the high five and low six figures. You see the type a lot in Washington, but these guys are different. They’re not lobbyists. They don’t represent Wall Street or any Fortune 500 companies. They’re welders. America needs more of them and what they represent: good jobs at good wages. Last month I held a roundtable with sup-pliers in the aeronautic and defense indus-tries, who told me they cannot find enough computer machinists. It sounds like an in-timidating job, but according to these com-panies, trade schools and community col-leges teach the specific skills needed. Census data show that in 2015 there were 105 million full-time jobs in the U.S., about 59 million of which paid less than $50,000 a year. That’s not enough to raise a family and achieve the American dream. Most people who work these jobs responded to President Trump’s message of antiglobalization and ‘‘America First.’’ Many workers without col-lege degrees have played by the rules but still feel left behind. Globalization and tech-nology rendered their stable, good-paying jobs obsolete. Policy experts, economists and politicians (including me) have pushed college education as the solution. We’ve argued the more you learn, the more you earn. Yet minting more college graduates in the STEM subjects— science, technology, engineering and math— is only half the story. The other half ought to be creating jobs that can be filled by grad-uates of high schools, trade schools, commu-nity colleges and union apprenticeships. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY8.017 E23MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE718 May 23, 2018 
The welders in my office seemed almost sheepish when I asked how they came to the trade. The common theme was that they didn’t do well in school. I’ll tell you what I told them: They’re amazing. At 22, 29 and 32 they are making more than many graduates of college or even law school. They take the work that’s offered, even if it means leaving home at 4:30 a.m. and driving an hour and half. They like their jobs and are good at them. The policy debates in Washington—over the corporate tax, the income tax, regu-latory reform, infrastructure spending— should be centered on creating positions like these. Republicans and Democrats should pledge to work together to create and fill, by 2020, five million new jobs that pay at least $80,000 a year. Americans don’t need corporate-tax reform simply because companies need more money to buy back stock or increase dividends. They don’t need income-tax ‘‘simplification’’ only because the wealthy want bigger pay-checks. They don’t need regulatory reform because workers and consumers have too many protections. And they don’t need a massive infrastructure plan only because America’s roads, bridges, sewers, water lines and mass transit systems are in disrepair. Americans need these things because they will create jobs at home and rebuild the mid-dle class. My welder buddies are losing faith. So are those computer machinists, and mil-lions more like them. You can meet them at any church, bar or ball field. They have a lot to teach Washington, if only it will listen. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 216. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SAM ALLGEIER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Sam Allgeier. He was presented with the Excel-lence in Leadership Award from the Salvation Army at their annual dinner on May 9, 2018. Mr. Allgeier has coached in the Youth Bas-ketball Program since 1986 and was instru-mental in rebooting the program in 2002. He currently is the lead referee and spends many hours recruiting coaches and referees for the program. Mr. Speaker, I commend Sam Allgeier for receiving this outstanding award and for his continued commitment to making his commu-nity better. I am proud to represent him, and Iowans like him, in the United States Con-gress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Sam Allgeier and in wishing him nothing but continued success. TO DESIGNATE THE FACILITY AT THE UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE LOCATED AT 1355 NORTH MERIDIAN DRIVE IN HARRISTOWN, ILLINOIS, AS THE ‘‘LOGAN S. PALMER POST OF-FICE’’ HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, on August 21, 2017, the USS John McCain collided with a merchant ship off the coast of Singapore, in an accident that ultimately killed 10 sailors, including a constituent of mine, Petty Officer Logan S. Palmer of Harristown, Illinois. This was an absolutely terrible tragedy that became a huge story due to many mistakes that were made leading up to it. After the acci-dent, I spent a lot of time talking with Logan Palmer’s family, helping them navigate the un-chartered waters of dealing with such a trag-edy and consoling them. Palmer survived the initial collision of the USS McCain, but kept himself in harm’s way in order to help his fellow shipmates. At age 23, he went far too early. His flag-draped cas-ket was carried into the church on the day of his funeral by a Naval honor guard in dress uniform. Navy officers and sailors saluted the casket, which was surrounded by flowers of red, white and blue. The sailors were followed by troops of Boy Scouts who also saluted Palmer’s casket, marking the loss of one of their own; Petty Officer Palmer had achieved the rank of Eagle Scout. After the experience, we decided it would be appropriate to introduce legislation in Petty Of-ficer Palmer’s honor, naming the Post Office in his hometown after him. The bill would des-ignate the post office located at 1355 North Meridian Road in Harristown, Illinois as the ‘‘Logan S. Palmer Post Office.’’ I have built a special bond with the Palmer family and feel that it’s only appropriate that we honor the Petty Officer in this unique way that will allow those of us in Illinois to always remember Logan as the hero he was. 
f 
A NATION’S TEARS IN HONOR OF THE LOST LOVED ONES OF SANTA FE HIGH 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of the eight students and two teach-ers who were horrifically massacred during the Santa Fe High School shooting. Our prayers go out to them and their families, and the wounded. I include in the R
ECORD this poem penned in their memory by Albert Carey Caswell. 
A NATION ’STEARS  (By Albert Carey Caswell) A Nation’s tears So lie here For all those lost loved ones so dear And their hearttbroken families gathered here. A Nation’s tears As now appear All in the darkest here In a parent’s worst fears In what evil has reared In the darkest of all hearts which appeared. Young beautiful children with such great fu-tures near With so many moments up ahead of happi-ness in the coming years, Now disappear. Our children are but the very hope of the world so very clear, To hold in our arms and hearts to endear And those teachers so here, Whose whole life was dedicated to teaching the ones we hold dear. Now, with all the families left in tears, With the kind of pain only Heaven can heal. When, united once again as Angels in arms they feel As we will remember their beautiful faces, to warm our hearts in all those cold places And remember their smiles and try not to cry for a while And may all the wounded bind up their wounds, and for their fellow lost students and teach-ers ever shoot for the moon. A Nation’s tears Trying somehow to make sense of all this here, As one things stands clear, There is darkness And there is light All in this battle from the beginning in sight, Of Good versus Evil, Of Dark versus Light, In hearts let us remember the darkness is no match for the light, The kind which in those lost students and teacher which burned bright. Let us find peace Let us find rest By keeping them in our hearts, and by leading the lives of the best. To make a difference with our light in the time we have left, And now we lay them down to rest. We pray our Lord their souls to bless, And their loved one’s pain ease no less. But, take heart for these, live now as Angel’s in the Army of our Lord in peace And they will watch over you day and night, and in your sleep And when there comes a gentle, their tears shall wash down you to ease your pain Until, up in Heaven you meet again and you won’t have to cry no more. f CONGRATULATING THE TOWN OF HOPE ON ITS 200TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the 200th anniversary of the Town of Hope. While formally founded in 1818, the Town of Hope traces its roots back to the 1700s. The Town of Hope was originally part of the Town of Wells, which formed from a 1772 purchase of land in the central Adirondack region from a Native American tribe. It was not until 1818 that Hope seceded from the Town of Wells and formally became a town. Hope quickly grew into a booming center for agriculture and the lumber market. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23MY8.022 E23MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE719 May 23, 2018 
Over time, Hope’s population dropped, and the area was overtaken by the glistening lakes and streams, rolling hills, and peaceful valleys surrounding it. This natural sanctuary ap-pealed to outdoorsmen, fishermen, hunters, hikers, and those seeking a tranquil, friendly place to live, much as it did in the 1700’s. Today, the town stands as a proud and cordial community of good neighbors. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I want to congratulate the Town of Hope on its 200th anniversary. I wish all its residents the best as they celebrate this important milestone. 
f 
GEOPOLITICS OF U.S. OIL AND GAS COMPETITIVENESS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, America’s oil and gas industry is a force multiplier for U.S. influence around the world. For decades, many of the planet’s great energy producers have been tyrannical regimes who leveraged their oil wealth to oppress their own people and pursue evil foreign policies. However, thanks to American ingenuity, the United States has unleashed its own energy poten-tial—now becoming a major player in the glob-al market. In large part, America’s revival as an energy superpower is a result of the shale revolution. Through the process of hydraulic fracturing, or ‘‘fracking,’’ we are now able to reach oil and gas deep within the earth, where they were previously unreachable. With this new tech-nology the U.S. has gone from the world’s largest oil importer, to one of the world’s larg-est energy exporters. Just a decade ago, the U.S. was importing 12.5 million barrels per day of crude oil and fuel. Today, it’s just 4 mil-lion barrels per day. Between 2010 and 2017, U.S. oil production rose from 5.5 million bar-rels per day to 10 million barrels per day-ap-proaching a record last set in 1970. This has allowed for a dramatic reduction of our de-pendence on foreign oil which ultimately strengthens our national security. In the nearly three years since Congress ended the restrictions on exporting crude oil, the U.S. has beat market expectations and surged its exports to a record 2.6 million bar-rels per day. By 2022 we will export more oil then we import. But the good news isn’t lim-ited to just our oil production. U.S. natural gas production has been setting new records al-most every year since the year 2000. Again, thanks to innovations in liquified nat-ural gas—commonly known as LNG—we can ship this growing resource anywhere in the world. In the last year, we have become a net exporter of natural gas for the first time in 60 years. In the coming years it will only improve as the market of natural gas consumers grows and more exporting facilities come online. America’s comeback as an energy super-power has wide-ranging geopolitical implica-tions. First, it is an obvious benefit for Ameri-cans and the U.S. economy, reducing our trade balance and creating new well-paying jobs. In turn, this generates more revenue making us an even stronger nation. Second, it means a lot less money is going to repressive regimes around the world who we were pre-viously dependent on for oil. And since energy is more abundant, the price of oil is decreas-ing. Overall the result is less money for Putin’s Russia, the Ayatollah’s Iran, and Madura’s Venezuela. With the low price of oil, inter-national sanctions, and their own economic mismanagement, these regimes who could rely on their oil wealth to fund their evil activi-ties are instead seeing their economies tank. Now their people are in the streets demanding accountability. Saudi Arabia and the Gulf states have long been important U.S. strategic partners be-cause we needed their oil and their leverage in stabilizing global oil prices. But now we can redefine our relationship, making it less about maintaining oil access and more about other strategic US interests. With growing energy independence, we can pick our allies rather than have them picked for us by the necessity of access to oil. This does not mean we should become isolationists or abandon our traditional partners. Instead we should do the opposite. With our oil and gas advantage we are more empowered to argue that our allies must be more responsible, including improving their human rights records. Our increased oil and gas competitiveness allows our friends abroad to be more secure and less dependent on bad actors. For far too long, our European allies have been vulner-able to energy blackmail from Russia—particu-larly through the supply of Russian natural gas. But with American LNG alternatives, Eu-ropean states can stand up to Putin’s bad be-havior without suffering retaliation through their gas supply. Lastly, U.S. oil and gas exports reinforces the importance of free trade. This includes NAFTA. About 60 percent of U.S. gas exports now go to Mexico, providing a major boost to our trade balance. Canada has become a major importer of American refined fuels. To-gether, the U.S., Mexico, and Canada rep-resent 20 percent of global oil and gas supply. Our integrated energy network makes North America a rock of stability and prosperity in the world. Overall, the increased competitiveness of U.S. oil and gas production is good for Amer-ica and good for the world. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
CONGRESS OF FUTURE MEDICAL LEADERS 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize two high school students who were chosen by the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists to represent the State of Colorado as Delegates at the Congress of Future Medical Leaders. These students are Shayla Cooper and Arianna San-chez. The Congress is an honors-only program for top students in our country who aspire to be physicians or medical scientists. These stu-dents are nominated by their teachers or the Academy based on their leadership ability, academic achievement, and dedication. This program is designed to inspire young people to go into medical research fields or be physi-cians, and provides a path, plan, and men-toring resources to help them reach their goal. During the Congress, the students will have the chance to learn from leaders in the med-ical field as well as government officials, top medical school deans, leaders from the private sector, and even Nobel laureates. These students’ acceptance to this pres-tigious program is an incredible feat, and it is my honor to rise today and recognize the out-standing accomplishment of this future leader. Our nation greatly benefits from the achieve-ments of physicians and medical scientists, and it is important that we continue to inspire younger generations to pursue careers in the medical field. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 4th Congres-sional District of Colorado, I extend my con-gratulations to these students and wish them the best in their future endeavors. f 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF EL AMISTAD 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of the 50th anniversary of El Amistad, a non-profit civic organization dedicated to inspiring the leaders of tomorrow. Through a half century of remarkable work, El Amistad has helped make Central Texas a great place to live and work. Founded in my home town of Round Rock, TX, El Amistad is dedicated to education, community service, recognition of veterans, and promotion of Hispanic cultural awareness. By utilizing the talents and skills of its diverse membership, it has supported various youth development activities throughout Central Texas. Since its inception, El Amistad has awarded millions in scholarships to thousands of high school graduates seeking to take the next steps in their educational development. Honoring our brave warriors remains a driv-ing force among El Amistad members. The or-ganization led the charge to dedicate Veterans Memorial Park in Round Rock, TX to Robert P. Hernandez, who died in the line of duty while serving in Vietnam. It’s the devotion of committed activists like El Amistad members that help remind all of the invaluable and last-ing contributions veterans make to keep our nation safe and free. Fifty years after its creation, El Amistad has touched countless lives for the better, and continues to make positive impacts on those it’s dedicated to serve. I celebrate its half cen-tury of dedicated civic involvement and join all Central Texas in wishing this great organiza-tion nothing but the best in the decades to come. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JIM KLINSTIVER 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Jim Klinstiver, a great Hoosier and friend who passed away on May 20th. Jim 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23MY8.027 E23MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE720 May 23, 2018 
was born in Harrison County in 1940, along the Ohio River. He was a great public servant, working for the Department of Transportation for forty-two years, retiring as a project super-visor. In 2010, he was elected County Commis-sioner for the Third District by the voters of Harrison County. He was then re-elected by an even wider margin in 2014. Jim had a pas-sion for history, and used his time as commis-sioner to focus on local preservation. He pushed to protect the Morvin’s Landing histor-ical site, where Confederate General John Hunt Morgan’s raiders crossed the Ohio River and entered Indiana during the Civil War. The landing of Morgan’s troops at Morvin Landing in July 1863 preceded the Battle of Corydon, one of the few Civil War battles fought in the North, and the only battle fought in Indiana. In addition to being a hardworking public servant who dedicated countless hours in service to Indiana, Jim was a loving husband, father, grandfather, great-grandfather, and treasured friend. He was married to his wife Dixie for fifty-five years. They have one daughter, one grandson, and one great-grand-son. The legacy of Jim Klinstiver will live on in Harrison County for years to come. Many of us gained so much from his experience and knowledge from his decades of experience as an engineer, farmer, small business owner, and community leader. For me, I’ve always appreciated his friend-ship and support. May we all strive to live our own lives with the sense of purpose and serv-ant’s heart that Jim showed. His passing is a true loss for all Hoosiers. 
f 
HONORING NEW JERSEY SENATOR BOB GORDON 
HON. JOSH GOTTHEIMER 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. GOTTHEIMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor New Jersey State Senator Bob Gordon. Bob is a loyal son of New Jersey and proud Fair Lawn resident, who has dedicated his life to helping North Jersey’s communities. During his time in the Senate, Bob quickly established himself as a leader among his ranks. He has never been afraid to reach across the aisle to get things done for the Garden State. Bob doesn’t approach policy debates by labeling issues as Democratic or Republican, but rather by pushing for sound policy and what’s best for the families and businesses of New Jersey. While at the helm of the Senate Transportation Committee, Bob achieved numerous legislative accomplish-ments, including key reforms of the Port Au-thority of New York and New Jersey and New Jersey Transit. His calm demeanor and re-spect for his fellow colleagues will be sorely missed on the Senate floor in Trenton. Bob will leave New Jersey’s State Senate to continue his passion for public service at the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities. This is one more role that Bob will tackle to help the state he loves so dearly. He has served New Jersey as a mayor, councilman, and fire com-missioner in Fair Lawn, and later as an As-semblyman before ascending to the Senate in 2007. Our state is lucky to have Bob in our corner, fighting for New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I sincerely thank Senator Gor-don for his tireless work on behalf of New Jer-sey, and I wish him and his wife, Gail, all the best in continuing to serve our state. f 
HONORING LTC JOEY ERRINGTON 
HON. TIMOTHY J. WALZ 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, on the occasion of Lieutenant Colonel Joey L. Errington’s change of command and pending retirement from the United States Army, I want to recognize him and his family on their nearly 30 years of serv-ice to the Nation. Originally from Rush City, Minnesota, LTC Errington enlisted in the Army in 1989 as a 13B, Cannon Crewman. He was selected for the Green to Gold Program at Clemson University and was commissioned a Second Lieutenant in the Field Artillery in 1997. He is a graduate of the Field Artillery Basic Course, the Field Artillery Career Course at Fort Sill, OK, and the Command and Gen-eral’s Staff Course at Fort Leavenworth, KS. He holds a Bachelor of Science in Agricultural Education from Clemson University and a Master of Arts in Educational Leadership from Webster University. During his tenure, he led our soldiers at each echelon from the platoon to battalion, and, today, LTC Errington is relinquishing command of the 3rd Battalion, 16th Field Artil-lery Regiment, 2nd Armored Brigade Combat Team, 1st Cavalry Division at Fort Hood, Texas. His previous assignments include the III Corps G3 Chief of Training at Fort Hood, TX; Deputy Brigade Commander, Executive Officer, and Fire Support Officer for the 2nd Armored Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, Fort Riley, KS as well as the Bat-talion S–3 for the 1st Battalion, 7th Field Artil-lery; Assistant Professor of Military Science at Saint John’s University, College of Saint Bene-dict’s, and Saint Cloud State University in Min-nesota; Battalion Fire Direction Officer, S1, and Charlie Battery Commander for 4th Bat-talion, 27th Field Artillery, 1st Armored Divi-sion, Baumholder, Germany; and Task Force Fire Support Officer, Platoon Leader, and Company Fire Support Officer for 1st Bat-talion, 5th Field Artillery at Fort Riley, Kansas. LTC Errington’s decorations include the Bronze Star Medal, Purple Heart, Meritorious Service Medal, Army Commendation Medal, Army Achievement Medal, the Combat Action Badge, the Meritorious Unit Citation, and the Presidential Unit Citation. He is married to the former Alison Adams of Hermantown, MN and they have three chil-dren: Brooke, who is going to start college at Kansas State University in the fall, Billy, and Becky. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JENNIFER NORRIS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Jennifer Norris. She was presented with the Apprecia-tion Award from the Salvation Army at their annual dinner on May 9, 2018. Jennifer is the Director of Recreational Min-istries and oversees the Basketball and Day Camp activities at Citadel. She will soon be an officer in the Salvation Army. Mr. Speaker, I commend Jennifer Norris for receiving this outstanding award and for her continued commitment to making her commu-nity better. I am proud to represent her, and Iowans like her, in the United States Con-gress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Jennifer Norris and in wishing her nothing but continued success. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LEE M. ZELDIN 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, on May 9th I missed a vote. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 173. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HEATHER CALKINS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Heather Calkins. She was presented with the Begie Hefner Volunteer Award from the Salvation Army at their annual dinner on May 9, 2018. Heather has helped for years with the week- long Christmas sign-ups for Toy Shop and helps at the shop. She is a leader in the Corps and works with one of the youth groups every Wednesday night. Mr. Speaker, I commend Heather Calkins for receiving this outstanding award and for her continued commitment to making her com-munity better. I am proud to represent her, and Iowans like her, in the United States Con-gress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Heather Calkins and in wishing her nothing but continued success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LEE WILLBANKS’ CONTRIBUTIONS TO SAVE THE RIVER 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize Lee Willbanks as he leaves his role as Executive Director of Save the River and Upper St. Lawrence Riverkeeper. Since he joined Save the River in 2012, Lee has been instrumental to the organization’s ef-forts to preserve and protect the St. Lawrence River. His achievements include overseeing the enactment of Plan 2014, creating the Bass Catch and Release program, and expanding the Save the River In the Schools program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23MY8.031 E23MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE721 May 23, 2018 
Lee’s strong knowledge and passion for conservation issues has made him an invalu-able leader of Save the River. In recognition of Lee’s persistent and passionate advocacy of the St. Lawrence River, Freshwater Future named Lee a 2016 Freshwater Hero and Cit-izen Advocate of the Year. I am thankful that I have had the privilege of working with Lee during his tenure at Save the River. On behalf of New York’s 21st Dis-trict, I want to thank Lee for his commitment to protecting the St. Lawrence River, and wish him all the best in his future endeavors. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JARED POLIS 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call No. 205. 
f 
CELEBRATING OLD HICKORY, TENNESSEE’S CENTENNIAL 
HON. JIM COOPER 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. COOPER. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to honor the wonderful small town of Old Hick-ory, Tennessee, on its Centennial Celebration. Old Hickory’s history is unique. When the United States entered World War I, our sol-diers needed gunpowder, and lots of it. The U.S. government asked a giant American company, E.I. duPont de Nemours & Co., to build and operate a gunpowder plant on fed-eral land near Nashville on the Cumberland River. Within months, 5,600 acres of land near Hadley’s Bend were transformed into a self- sufficient village housing 56,000 workers and the largest factory the state had ever seen. After the War, DuPont’s chemical production continued for decades. If you came across someone on the street, chances are they worked for DuPont. Old Hickory was a ‘‘com-pany town’’ with homes of similar designs, each one well-maintained. It was and is a model community with incredibly talented, hard-working, patriotic residents. Although the factories and their owners have changed over the years, their footprints remain. Old Hickory remains one of the most storied towns in the South. Come visit and you will see the original mill town homes, friendly stores, and markets. It is a place where peo-ple know their neighbors, and where new-comers are welcomed with open arms. The hallmarks of hard work, faith, family, friends, and patriotism are just as important today as they were a century ago. Old Hickory is truly one of Nashville’s and the nation’s ‘‘best kept secrets,’’ and I know it will remain a treasure in Middle Tennessee for the next 100 years. TRIBUTE TO LOU VOLK HON. JOHN J. DUNCAN, JR. 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, a very special Vietnam Veteran in my district has continued his service to others decades after fighting in the war. Mr. Lou Volk of the Cedar Bluff community of Knoxville, Tennessee has been walking along a busy road, picking up trash and pray-ing for his neighbors every day for the past 30 years in spite of his injuries from the war. He started this service when he was a teacher in Oak Ridge, and used it as an op-portunity to teach his sons about doing for oth-ers without expecting anything in return. At 71 years old, Lou has made it a priority to make the 2 mile walk each day in hopes of making our community better both physically and spiritually. As he is cleaning up items that no one else might dare to touch such as used cigarettes, road kill, and food packages, he says prayers for cars that pass by. He has gotten to know the challenges, suf-fering, and needs of the residents on Bob Kirby Road by saying hello and growing rela-tionships with people out in their yards. I want to recognize Lou for being such a dedicated caretaker of our community. I hope he inspires all of us to do a little more for oth-ers, without expecting anything in return. If more people were out in the community instead of playing video games, watching tele-vision, or spending hours on social media, they could experience the blessings of serving causes greater than themselves. I include in the R
ECORD the article that ap-peared in the Knoxville News Sentinel by Brit-tany Crocker on May 7th, 2018, entitled ‘‘Every Day One Local Vietnam Veteran Picks up Trash and Prays for Everyone Who Passes Him’’: 
Almost every day for more than 30 years, Vietnam veteran Lou Volk has donned his orange reflective vest and rubber gloves be-fore leaving the house on a mission, armed with a trash grabber and a re-used Kroger bag. He’s a fixture in Cedar Bluff, where he’s been walking his mile-and-a-half route along Bob Kirby Road since he moved there about 12 years ago, cleaning up the litter that seems to reappear almost every day. You may have seen him in the mornings with his dog, Rosco. Rosco died in December though, so now Volk walks his route by him-self, but not necessarily alone. Volk can list the neighbors who live in the homes he passes. He can tell you the names of the dogs barking as he passes, or that the woman in the house on the left just lost her husband, or that the person in the passing truck is struggling with cancer right now. Passersby wave or honk their horns at him, veering over the hilly road’s median rumble strip to give him a little extra room. What they might not know is that Volk prays for every one of them as they pass. ‘‘I say a quick, ‘Jesus, keep em’ safe,’’’ Volk said, ‘‘so I know that each and every one of them has been prayed for that day.’’ His daily walks are a service he calls ‘‘Agape,’’ a Greco-Christian term that has been interpreted to mean loving or serving while expecting nothing in return. 
MAKING A HABIT  Volk started the habit when his children were young in Oak Ridge, where he taught middle-school math and science after he re-turned from the Vietnam War. Before the war, Volk had a bachelor’s de-gree in business. He served as an infantry-man from 1969 to 1971 in Vietnam, where he was exposed to agent orange. A rocket-propelled grenade explosion left him mostly deaf, and he lives with post-trau-matic stress disorder. When he returned from the war, he started working in education. Peggy, Volk’s wife of 41 years, said she thinks that taking care of children helped him adopt the unrelenting optimism he speaks with today. ‘‘The kids were my little soldiers, and I had to take care of them,’’ he said. One of his favorite things was taking sixth- graders to the Great Smoky Mountains In-stitute at Tremont. ‘‘I always tried to talk to them about the environment and how im-portant it was, and well, you should lead by example.’’ So that’s what he did. He started picking up trash around his neighborhood and at Cedar Hill Park, where he took his sons, Aaron and Max, to play on the weekends. He continued the habit in Oak Ridge after his sons grew up and left home until he had to retire. Volk said school shootings were becoming more common, kindling his post-traumatic stress, so he started thinking about retire-ment. He recalled a school fire drill the teachers weren’t informed of about a week after two Arkansas students pulled a fire alarm and opened fire on evacuating students and teachers. Volk shut his students in their classroom and went outside to check the school’s pe-rimeter. ‘‘What if that had been a copycat?’’ Volk said. He stayed in teaching for four more years but ultimately retired in 2002 after the Vet-erans Administration gave him a 100 percent disability rating for PTSD. Four years later, he and Peggy moved to their Cedar Bluff condo to care for Peggy’s mother. RESPONSE AND ABILITY  Volk found a sense of continued service in his daily cleanup walks. ‘‘It’s my Father’s world out there, and I’ve got to take care of it,’’ he said. Tuesday was a ‘‘one-bag’’ day, but the weekends sometimes take two. ‘‘Cigarette butts are by far the most nu-merous and the most annoying thing out here,’’ Volk said, picking up a fluffed-out cigarette filter with his trash grabber. ‘‘I’m told it takes three to five years for one of these things to break down.’’ Food wrappers and plastic bottles are also pretty common sights for him. Plastic bot-tles filled with tobacco spit are the worst, he said, but he picks them up anyway. He’ll even pick up roadkill if it’s lying where children can see it. ‘‘It bothered my kids when they were little to see a squirrel lying dead on the street,’’ he said. ‘‘And I’m not afraid of it; I grew up on a farm. So, I just pick it up.’’ By now, he knows the areas of the street that have the most poison ivy, and where the thin borders of the road drop off into steep hills. He knows he’ll usually find some broken glass bottles near people’s mailboxes. He sus-pects people driving by at night make a game of trying to hit mailboxes with the bottles. Speeding drivers aren’t an uncommon sight on the short stretch of road, but Volk said he usually feels pretty safe. He checks both directions twice before crossing and tries to make sure drivers coming around blind hills can see him. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY8.037 E23MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE722 May 23, 2018 
He almost got hit once, but he leaped into a ditch with his dog just in time. Volk’s walks have clearly paid off for him physically. He looks at least a decade young-er than his 71 years. He and his wife said they want to travel for as long as they are physically able to, and his walks help him keep fit. ‘‘That’s the selfish part,’’ he admitted. ‘‘The nature, the birds chirping, the vitamin D, and I get exercise.’’ Volk said he wants to see other retirees in Knoxville take up the gauntlet and go out-side to pick up trash. ‘‘Retired people need to walk more, and most of us have the ability,’’ he said. ‘‘Just try picking up your neighborhood some day. It doesn’t have to be far. My walk is about two miles, but I have the ability so I go.’’ Volk said a fellow Vietnam veteran told him that ability is one half of the word re-sponsibility. ‘‘If you have the ability to do something, what is your response?’’ he said. ‘‘My response is that I can’t do everything, but I when I see something, I can try to do something to make it better.’’ f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, on roll calls 207, 210, 211, 212 and 213, I am not re-corded. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 207; YEA on Roll Call No. 210; YEA on Roll Call No. 211; YEA on Roll Call No. 212; NAY on Roll Call No. 213; YEA on Roll Call No. 214; YEA on Roll Call No. 215; and YEA on Roll Call No. 216. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BARBARA AND TERRY LINDSLEY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Barbara and Terry Lindsley of Council Bluffs, Iowa for receiving the 2018 Mercy Heritage Award for Arts and Humanities sponsored by CHI Mercy Hospital in Council Bluffs. The Heritage Award was created to show special recognition to those who have enriched our community and helped established a legacy for the future. Barbara and Terry have been volunteers for CHI Mercy Hospital for over twenty years. They volunteer their time with the used book sale and the Mercy Guild and they are in-volved in the No One Dies Alone program. The Lindsleys and twelve other team mem-bers sit with patients when they are approach-ing the end of their lives and no family or friends are able to be with them. As a former ordained Roman Catholic priest, Terry serves as an on-call chaplain at the hospital. Barbara and Terry have been active volunteers for the local American Red Cross Chapter working disaster relief and teaching classes for the Na-tional American Red Cross. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Barbara and Terry Lindsley on their selection for the CHI Mercy Hospital Award for Arts and Humanities. I am proud to represent them in the United States Congress. I ask that my col-leagues in the House of Representatives join me in congratulating Barbara and Terry and wishing them continued success in all their fu-ture endeavors. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DIANE BLACK 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I am not re-corded for roll call votes on Tuesday, May 2, 2018 because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Aye’’ on Roll Call No. 216, final passage of S. 2155—the Economic Growth, Regulatory Re-lief, and Consumer Protection Act. This legis-lation provides sensible reforms that will allow community banks to devote more time and re-sources to better support small businesses and families. 
f 
HONORING ASSEMBLYMAN TIM EUSTACE’S SERVICE TO THE STATE OF NEW JERSEY 
HON. JOSH GOTTHEIMER 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. GOTTHEIMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor New Jersey Assemblyman Tim Eustace. Assemblyman Eustace embodies all that makes North Jersey such a special place to live. I am honored to call Tim a friend and partner in the fight to help our region’s families and businesses. Tim is a loyal son of New Jersey, the state that he loves so dearly, and has served so well. Tim is New Jersey through and through. He was born in Passaic, went on to attend Blair Academy in Blairstown, and later graduated from Ramapo College in Mahwah. Tim quickly became a leader in Maywood as someone his neighbors knew they could count on. Starting his own small business, Tim helped countless patients as a licensed chiropractor and went on to become president of the Maywood Chamber of Commerce and Rotary Club. Be-fore ascending to the New Jersey State As-sembly, Tim was elected Borough of Maywood Mayor, Councilman, and Council President. In each role throughout his career, Tim’s leader-ship has been shaped by a deep commitment to doing what’s right and what’s best for North Jersey. As a champion of the environment, Tim has successfully protected the beautiful natural landscapes and resources in New Jersey. He is on the front lines fighting for clean water in North Jersey, helping keep our kids and fami-lies safe. Tim’s impact on communities across the state and his outspoken dedication to pub-lic health will be felt for generations to come. That’s one reason why I am excited to see all that Tim accomplishes in his new role at the North Jersey District Water Supply Commis-sion. As a trailblazer in the LGBTQ community, Tim is a tireless advocate for equal rights for all Americans. He is only the second openly gay person to be elected to the state legisla-ture and played a key role in making marriage equality the law of the land in New Jersey. Along with his beloved late husband Kevin Williams, Tim made it possible for openly gay couples to access joint adoption in New Jer-sey by bravely breaking down barriers. Tim continues to be an incredible dad to Kyle and Cory to this day. Mr. Speaker, I sincerely thank Assembly-man Eustace for his friendship and for his service on behalf of New Jersey. I wish him all the best in continuing to serve our state. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF BILL AND LINDA ZAMMER 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Bill and Linda Zammer who were named Citizens of the Year by the Mash-pee Chamber of Commerce in Mashpee, Mas-sachusetts. The Zammers moved to Mashpee from Wellesley, Massachusetts in the late 1980s. With their vision, the Chamber of Commerce grew from twenty members to over three hun-dred today. Their efforts and dedication have given tremendous life to the Mashpee busi-ness community and Mashpee Commons. Over the years they have owned many ho-tels, restaurants, and other similar establish-ments in the Mashpee area. They ran the Popponesset Inn in New Seabury for eleven years, the Coonamessett Inn in Falmouth for twenty-one years, and they still own the Flying Bridge Restaurant which they bought in 1994. The Zammers are also celebrated today for their philanthropy in our community. Their charitable work aims to help the homeless and needy, youth programs like the Boys & Girls Club of Cape Cod, and education through their scholarships. They also helped establish the William and Linda Zammer Institute for Hospitality and Culinary Studies at Cape Cod Community College. Their work in the Mash-pee Scholarship Foundation gave over $100,000 to Mashpee High School students. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Bill and Linda Zammer as Citizens of the Year. I ask that my colleagues join me in celebrating their accomplishments and wishing them many more years of success and community leader-ship. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE MORTON HIGH SCHOOL BAND 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, today, I would like to recognize the Morton High School Band on winning the 2017 Sudler Shield, an Inter-national Award Recognizing High School, Youth, and International Marching Bands for World Class Excellence. For over 30 years, the John Philip Sousa Foundation has awarded Sudler Shield Inter-national Marching Band Award to schools with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23MY8.040 E23MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE723 May 23, 2018 
world class marching bands. The Sudler Shield is one of the most prestigious awards bestowed upon high school bands and recog-nizes exemplary teaching. This eternal des-ignation is a testament to the hard work and dedication conductor Jeff Neavor and his stu-dents have put into their band. Morton High School serves nearly one thou-sand students and employs over seventy teachers and administrators in Central Illinois, who do a phenomenal job of educating young men and young women. The Morton commu-nity exemplifies the values of hard work and determination rooted in Central Illinois and this honor shows us what is possible when these values are put into action. I extend my sincere congratulations to conductor Jeff Neavor and Morton High School Band on this prestigious honor. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to travel to Washington in time to vote on Mon-day, May 21 due to a family obligation. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 207; YEA on Roll Call No. 208; and YEA on Roll Call No. 209. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PAMELA AND LESTER SWICK 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Pam and Les Swick of Council Bluffs, Iowa on the very spe-cial occasion of their 50th wedding anniver-sary. They were married on April 28, 1968 at First Christian Church in Council Bluffs. Pam and Les’ lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa val-ues. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, I hope it is filled with happy memories. May their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one an-other for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. HONORING THE LOISAIDA, INC. CENTER FESTIVAL COMMITTEE HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Loisaida Inc. Center Festival Committee on its 31st Annual Celebration in the Lower Eastside of Manhattan, New York. The festival was initially founded by grassroot leaders in the LES and led by Puerto Rican activists and Latino residents in the 1970’s during a dark period in the community. Its goal was to provide a festive local fair for under-served families who could not afford to go away for the holiday weekend. Loisaida Inc. was formally incorporated as a local development corporation in 1978. Throughout the years, a once single block event is now a major cultural celebration at-tracting more than 30,000 visitors. The fair features the Nuyorican—Latin American cul-tural contributions to the historic immigrant tapestry of the LES. It is a chance for locals and visitors alike to enjoy day long theater, craft, music and delicious food. This year’s theme is Bridging Resurgence: From Sandy to Maria, an urgent reminder of the continuing struggles of the Puerto Rican people and New Yorkers who suffered after Sandy. The Loisaida Center remains com-mitted to the Island’s recovery as an affirma-tion of the neighborhood’s Puerto Rican herit-age. I also want to recognize and congratulate this year’s VIVA Loisaida honorees for their tireless lifetime commitment to social justice and bettering the community: Damaris Reyes, Executive Director of GOLES; Dr. Manuel Moran, Founder of Teatro SEA; Aixa O. Torres, community leader and President of Al-fred E. Smith Housing Residents Association; and Luis and Abigail Rivera owners and son and daughter of Adela Fargas, beloved com-munity icon and founder of Puerto Rican res-taurant Casa Adela. I ask my colleagues to join me in cele-brating the rich history and legacy of The Loisaida Center Festival. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CLEL BAUDLER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 23, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Iowa State Representative Clel Baudler. Mr. Baudler retired from the Iowa House of Representatives after 20 years of service. Clel dreamed of public service as a child and worked diligently to make his dream come true. Before his service in the House, Clel served with the Iowa State Patrol as a state trooper for 32 years. He has been an active figure in the fight for the second amendment in the Iowa House and has fought industri-ously against illegal drugs. Clel also was a major supporter of the state’s natural re-sources during his time as a state representa-tive. Clel has been married to Mary Carole for many years, and has four children and several grandchildren and great-grandchildren that will keep him busy during his retirement years. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Representative Clel Baudler for this milestone, and thank him for providing leadership to the state of Iowa. I am proud to represent him in the United States Congress. I ask that my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating Clel and wishing him nothing but continued success. f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, May 24, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY8.046 E23MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D581 Wednesday, May 23, 2018 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate agreed to the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to S. 2372, Veterans Cemetery Benefit Correction Act. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2843–S2887 Measures Introduced: Eighteen bills and three res-olutions were introduced, as follows: S. 2927–2944, S.J. Res. 61, and S. Res. 520–521.
          Pages S2877–78 
Measures Reported: H.R. 1900, to designate the Veterans Memorial and Museum in Columbus, Ohio, as the National Veterans Memorial and Museum. S. 2377, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 200 West 2nd Street in Dayton, Ohio, as the ‘‘Walter H. Rice Fed-eral Building and United States Courthouse’’. S. 2734, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. S. 2857, to designate the Nordic Museum in Se-attle, Washington, as the ‘‘National Nordic Mu-seum’’.
                                                                             Page S2876 
Measures Passed: Enrollment Correction: Senate agreed to H. Con. Res. 121, directing the Secretary of the Senate to make a correction in the enrollment of the bill S. 2372.
                                                                                Page S2882 
Ensuring Patient Access to Substance Use Dis-order Treatments Act: Senate passed S. 916, to amend the Controlled Substances Act to provide for the delivery of a controlled substance by a pharmacy to an administering practitioner, after withdrawing the committee amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute, and agreeing to the following amendments proposed thereto:
                                               Pages S2882–84 
McConnell (for Cassidy) Amendment No. 2267, in the nature of a substitute.
                               Page S2884 
McConnell (for Cassidy) Amendment No. 2268, to amend the title.
                                                    Page S2884 Tribal HUD–VASH Act: Senate passed S. 1333, to provide for rental assistance for homeless or at- risk Indian veterans, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                                    Pages S2884–85 
Inspector General Recommendation Trans-parency Act: Senate passed S. 2178, to require the Council of Inspectors General on Integrity and Effi-ciency to make open recommendations of Inspectors General publicly available, after agreeing to the com-mittee amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                                            Page S2885 
Condemning the Attack in Santa Fe, Texas: Senate agreed to S. Res. 521, condemning the hor-rific attack in Santa Fe, Texas, and expressing sup-port and prayers for all of those impacted by the tragedy.
                                                                           Page S2886 
House Messages: Veterans Cemetery Benefit Correction Act: By 92 yeas to 5 nays (Vote No. 106), Senate agreed to the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to S. 2372, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, after taking action on the following motions and amendments proposed there-to:
                                                                              Pages S2865–66 
Rejected: McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 2246 (to the House Amendment to the bill), to change the enactment date. (Senate tabled the mo-tion.)
                                                                                 Page S2865 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: McConnell Amendment No. 2247 (to Amend-ment No. 2246), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill, with McConnell Amendment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MY8.REC D23MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD582 May 23, 2018 
No. 2246 (to the House Amendment to the bill) (listed above) was tabled.
                                       Page S2865 
Signing Authority—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that Sen-ator Tillis be authorized to sign the enrollment of S. 2155, to promote economic growth, provide tai-lored regulatory relief, and enhance consumer protec-tions.
                                                                                Page S2886 
McWilliams Nominations—Agreement: Senate re-sumed consideration of the nomination of Jelena McWilliams, of Ohio, to be Chairperson of the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
                                                          Pages S2866–71 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 72 yeas to 25 nays (Vote No. 107), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S2866 
Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of Jelena McWilliams, of Ohio, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
                                                          Pages S2866–71 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 73 yeas to 23 nays (Vote No. 108), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S2866 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that notwithstanding Rule XXII, all post-clo-ture time on the McWilliams nominations be con-sidered expired at 12 noon, on Thursday, May 24, 2018; that if cloture is invoked on the nomination of James Randolph Evans, of Georgia, to be Ambas-sador to Luxembourg, Department of State, the time until 1:45 p.m., be equally divided in the usual form, and at 1:45 p.m., Senate vote on confirmation of the James Randolph Evans nomination. 
                                                                                            Page S2871 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nominations, post-cloture, at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Thurs-day, May 24, 2018.
                                                  Page S2886 
Marcus Nomination—Agreement: A unanimous- consent-time agreement was reached providing that at a time to be determined by the Majority Leader, in consultation with the Democratic Leader, Senate begin consideration of the nomination of Kenneth L. Marcus, of Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, Department of Education; and that there then be ten hours of debate, equally divided in the usual form, and that following the use or yield-ing back of time, Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination, with no intervening action or debate. Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 74 yeas to 23 nays (Vote No. EX. 105), Brian D. Montgomery, of Texas, to be an Assistant Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development.                                                                       Pages S2846–65, S2887 
Nomination Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nomination: Harry B. Harris, Jr., of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Korea.
                                      Page S2887 
Nomination Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-tion of withdrawal of the following nomination: Harry B. Harris, Jr., of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Commonwealth of Australia, which was sent to the Senate on February 13, 2018.
               Page S2887 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2873 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S2873 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S2873–75 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S2875–76 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S2876–77 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2878–79 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2879–80 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S2872 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S2881 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S2881–82 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S2882 
Record Votes: Four record votes were taken today. (Total—108)
                                                        Pages S2865–66 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 11 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:22 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thursday, May 24, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2886.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Health and Human Services, Indian Health Service, after receiving testi-mony from Rear Admiral Michael D. Weahkee, As-sistant Surgeon General, Public Health Service, Act-ing Director, Indian Health Service, Department of Health and Human Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MY8.REC D23MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D583 May 23, 2018 
APPROPRIATIONS: NASA Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies con-cluded a hearing to examine proposed budget esti-mates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, after receiving testimony from James F. Bridenstine, Administrator, National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the nominations of Lisa Porter, of Vir-ginia, to be a Deputy Under Secretary, James N. Stewart, of North Carolina, to be an Assistant Sec-retary, James H. Anderson, of Virginia, to be an As-sistant Secretary, Gregory J. Slavonic, of Oklahoma, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Navy, and Charles Douglas Stimson, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Department of the Navy, all of the Depart-ment of Defense, Charles P. Verdon, of California, to be Deputy Administrator for Defense Programs, Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration, Department of Energy, and 280 nominations in the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps. AUTHORIZATION: DEFENSE Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-ably reported an original bill entitled, ‘‘National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’. HOUSING FINANCE SYSTEM Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the sta-tus of the housing finance system, after receiving tes-timony from Melvin L. Watt, Director, Federal Housing Finance Agency. FRAGMENTATION, OVERLAP, AND DUPLICATION IN THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT Committee on the Budget: Committee concluded a hear-ing to examine the Government Accountability Of-fice’s annual report on additional opportunities to re-duce fragmentation, overlap, and duplication in the Federal government, after receiving testimony from Gene L. Dodaro, Comptroller General, Government Accountability Office. NOMINATIONS Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Emory A. Rounds III, of Maine, to be Director of the Office of Government Ethics, who was introduced by Senator King, Kelly Higashi, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia, who was introduced by Rep-resentative Norton, and Frederick M. Nutt, of Vir-ginia, to be Controller, Office of Federal Financial Management, Office of Management and Budget, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee ordered favorably reported S. 2852, to reauthorize certain programs under the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness Reauthorization Act, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. NOMINATIONS Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, who was introduced by Senators Isakson and Perdue, Allen Cothrel Winsor, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Florida, Patrick R. Wyrick, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma, who was introduced by Senator Lankford, and Edward W. Felten, of New Jersey, and Jane Nitze, of the District of Columbia, both to be a Member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. TRAFFICKING VICTIMS PROTECTION REAUTHORIZATION ACT Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Border Security and Immigration concluded a hearing to ex-amine the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthor-ization Act and exploited loopholes affecting unac-companied alien children, after receiving testimony from Senators Menendez and Heller; Alysa Erichs, Acting Deputy Executive Associate Director, Home-land Security Investigations, and Matthew Albence, Executive Associate Director, Enforcement and Re-moval Operations, both of Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and Richard M. Hudson, Deputy Chief, Operational Programs, Law Enforcement Op-erations Directorate, Border Patrol, Customs and Border Protection, all of the Department of Home-land Security; and Steven Wagner, Acting Assistant Secretary, Administration for Children and Families, Department of Health and Human Services. OPIOID MISUSE AMONG OLDER AMERICANS Special Committee on Aging: Committee concluded a hearing to examine preventing and treating opioid misuse among older Americans, after receiving testi-mony from Gary Cantrell, Deputy Inspector General for Investigations, Office of Investigations, Office of Inspector General, Department of Health and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MY8.REC D23MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD584 May 23, 2018 
Human Services; Charles F. Pattavina, St. Joseph Hospital, Bangor, Maine; William B. Stauffer, Penn-sylvania Recovery Organizations Alliance, Harris-burg; and Nicholas Terry, Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of Law Hall Center for Law and Health, Bloomington. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 28 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5924–5951 were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H4692–93 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H4694–95 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Jenkins (WV) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H4585 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:42 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H4589 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019: The House considered H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year. Consideration began yesterday, May 22nd. 
                                            Pages H4603–06, H4606–73, H4673–82 
Agreed to: Thornberry en bloc amendment No. 1 consisting of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 115–702: Michelle Lujan Grisham (NM) (No. 1) that authorizes the Air Force Research Lab to create an open campus initiative modeled after the Army Research Lab’s program, which fosters innovation and provides for rapid transition of technologies into products by entrepreneurs; Michelle Lujan Grisham (NM) (No. 2) that authorizes the Secretary to sup-port national security innovation and entrepreneurial education programs for Department of Defense lab-oratory personnel; Suozzi (No. 4) that expresses a sense of Congress encouraging DoD to accelerate, ex-pedite and streamline environmental restoration ef-forts, reduce the financial burden on state and local governments and allay community concerns about the safety of drinking water; directs the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Energy, Installations, and Environment to brief the Congressional Armed Serv-ices committees on initiatives being pursued to ac-celerate environmental restoration efforts; Cicilline (No. 5) that requires the Defense Logistics Agency to provide direct notification to existing contractors when a branch of the military announces a change to uniform components produced by that contractor; Connolly (No. 6) that provides not less than $12 million for the assessment monitoring, and evalua-tion of security cooperation activities in accordance with section 383 of title 10, U.S. Code; Crawford (No. 7) that requires the Secretary of Defense to pro-vide a plan to Congress on how USNORTHCOM will organize a joint task force for EOD and coun-tering improvised explosive devices; Michelle Lujan Grisham (NM) (No. 9) that authorizes entrepre-neurial sabbatical programs across all the defense laboratories and allows researchers to take an unpaid sabbatical to work for a private sector firm in order to build their research for commercial purposes; Kuster (NH) (No. 11) that requires SECDEF to sub-mit a report to Congress within 90 days of passage detailing corrective actions taken based on IOT&E Report on MHS Genesis prior to its fielding beyond initial facilities; Schneider (No. 12) that allows for increased flexibility for use of funding within Phase I and Phase II of the SBIR/STTR programs; Lawson (FL) (No. 14) that requires the head of all agencies that have SBIR programs to implement a Commer-cialization Assistance Pilot Program, if not currently operating such a similar program, within one year of passage of this provision for the purpose of increas-ing commercialization of SBIR research by the use of sequential Phase II awards that require a match of outside funding; Vela´zquez (No. 15) that grants agencies the ability to double the value of the con-tract awarded to specified small business concerns for purposes of the small business prime contracting goal for a duration of four years after enactment of the legislation; there is also a reporting requirement to track the number and amount of contracts award-ed to eligible firms; Clarke (NY) (No. 16) that grants agencies the ability to double the value of the contract awarded to U.S. Virgin Islands small busi-ness concerns for purposes of the small business prime contracting goal for a duration of four years after enactment of the legislation; there is also a re-porting requirement to track the number and amount of contracts awarded to eligible firms; Hartzler (No. 17) that prohibits federal agencies from procuring certain Chinese-made video surveil-lance equipment or services; McCaul (No. 18) that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MY8.REC D23MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D585 May 23, 2018 
amends Section 880 of the base bill, which prohibits all Federal agencies from buying from or contracting with covered companies; the amendment extends the prohibition to Federal grant money, and loans; Vela´zquez (No. 20) that directs SBA to raise aware-ness and support business conversions to employee ownership through SBA entrepreneurial development and lending programs; modernizes SBA’s 7(a) loan guarantee program to increase access to capital for employee owned small businesses and cooperatives; Norman (No. 21) that states that the Secretary of Defense shall include, with the Department of De-fense budget, a report regarding the funding for product support strategies for major weapons sys-tems; Poliquin (No. 23) that clarifies that section 916 is not intended to require or encourage any re-duction in work force at the Defense Finance and Accounting Service; Wilson (SC) (No. 24) that changes ‘‘shall’’ on page 467 to ‘‘should’’; Russell (No. 25) that reduces the risk for military service members so that pilots and crews are better pro-tected in training areas; Hastings (No. 26) that di-rects the Secretary of Defense to report to Congress on military installations that have been available for disaster recovery over the past 10 fiscal years, and in-stallations assessed to be available for fast response in the future; Adams (No. 27) that promotes increased participation in Federal procurement by HBCUs; Sessions (No. 28) that provides clarifying language that allows the SECDEF to enter into agreement with charitable organizations to provide assistance to local populations abroad; Smith (WA) (No. 29) that clarifies that the Federal Aviation Administration is allowed to disburse funding to carry out a project to mitigate noise if the project is located at a school near the airport and if the school entered into a Memorandum of Agreement with the agency before September 30, 2002, even if the airport does not meet the requirements of part 150 Title 14; Jody B. Hice (GA) (No. 30) that reforms the pensions and allowances provided to former Presidents and sur-viving spouses; Meadows (No. 33) that requires the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State to jointly certify and report to Congress that assistance to the Ministry of the Interior of Iraq under the Iraq Train and Equip Fund will not be disbursed to any group that is, or is known to be affiliated with, the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps—Quds Force or other state sponsor of terrorism; Demings (No. 34) that expresses the sense of Congress that the intel-ligence community should dedicate resources to fur-ther expose key financial networks used by the Rus-sian political class to hide stolen money; in addition, requires a classified report on Putin and other senior Russian officials regarding their financial assets, which shall be submitted to Congress within 60 days of enactment; Brendan F. Boyle (PA) (No. 35) that requires a report from State Department and DOD on Russia’s support for the Taliban in Afghan-istan; Cheney (No. 36) that requires the Secretary of Defense to develop a list of technology that is cur-rently eligible for export to China but the export of that technology may harm national security; Bass (No. 37) that requires a comprehensive report within 90 days by Department of State, Department of De-fense, and USAID on U.S. security and humanitarian interests in Yemen; the purpose is to build support for a comprehensive strategy to address humanitarian and security crisis in Yemen through increasing co-ordination in Yemen’s Famine-Risk Areas between federal agencies, the UN Offices for Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs; Crowley (No. 38) that re-quires a report on Bangladesh’s ability to respond to natural disasters and humanitarian crises including recommendations for enhancing cooperation on hu-manitarian assistance and disaster relief; Brendan F. Boyle (PA) (No. 39) that requires a report from Sec-retary of State on U.S. cybersecurity cooperation with Ukraine; Hunter (No. 40) that directs a report on the military installations within Djibouti; Meeks (No. 41) that states sense of Congress that the 3 Seas Initiative could serve as a valuable counterweight to the Kremlin’s efforts to divide Europe and Chinese regional expansionism, particularly in the context of energy and infrastructure; Vela (No. 42) that Re-quires the Department of Defense to report to Con-gress on the impact of violence and cartel activity in Mexico on U.S. national security; Norman (No. 44) that requires the Office of Management and Budget to keep separate accounts for overseas contingency operations and the accounts for the Department of Defense; McMorris Rodgers (No. 45) that states that each Secretary concerned may conduct a study on the feasibility of IGSA’s for terms not exceeding 20 years; McSally (No. 46) that authorizes a land trans-fer for the purpose of relocating and extending a par-allel runway at Tucson International Airport; Norton (No. 47) that authorizes the Secretary of the Navy to enter into a land exchange in the vicinity of the Washington Navy Yard; Beyer (No. 48) that directs the Secretary of the Army to grant Arlington County a permanent easement as part of the southern expan-sion of Arlington National Cemetery for the purpose of commemorating Freedman’s Village; LaMalfa (No. 49) that extends the existing sunset provision cur-rently set to expire on October 1st, 2019 to October 1st, 2020; the extension would further prohibit funds from being used by the U.S. Air Force for the removal of the Over-the-Horizon-Backscatter Radar (OTHB) station located in Modoc County, CA; Pa-netta (No. 51) that directs the Administrator for Nuclear Security to accelerate the elimination of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MY8.REC D23MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD586 May 23, 2018 
use of cesium chloride in blood irradiation devices; cesium chloride represents a risk because of its po-tential employment in a radiological or ‘dirty bomb,’ and is no longer required due to the availability of new treatment technologies that do not create a radi-ological threat; Hunter (No. 52) that contains the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017, which sup-ports and strengthens the United States Coast Guard in its critical missions to save lives, safeguard our shores, protect living marine resources, and facilitate a modern 21st century maritime transportation sys-tem; Curbelo (FL) (No. 53), as modified, authorizes the Navy to lease surplus housing units at Naval Air Station, Key West, FL; Stefanik (No. 54) that re-quires foreign-owned media outlets based in the United States to submit a report to Congress and the FCC on the relationship of such outlet to the foreign principal, legal structure of that relationship, and funding source; Graves (LA) (No. 56) that allows the National Guard to be reimbursed in a timely man-ner in response to an emergency declared under the Stafford Act; Takano (No. 57) that creates dem-onstration project in the Air Force for 15–20 Deaf and Hard of Hearing individuals; Tenney (No. 58) that provides the Secretary with the ability to open certain fitness centers, located at geographically sepa-rated units, to retirees; Lipinski (No. 59) that re-quires an annual report from the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence describing Iranian expenditures on military and terrorist activi-ties outside the country; this report must be sub-mitted annually until such time as the Secretary of State determines Iran no longer provides support for terrorism; and Jones (No. 60) that renames the De-partment of the Navy to the Department of the Navy and Marine Corps;
                                Pages H4607–56 
Guthrie amendment (No. 3 printed in H. Rept. 115–702) that authorizes the Secretary of the Army to continue to provide for the production, treatment, management, and use of natural gas located under Fort Knox, Kentucky;
                                     Pages H4656–57 
Gallagher amendment (No. 55 printed in H. Rept. 115–702) that adds the use of immigration programs and visas by the Chinese Communist Party to enter the United States for the purposes of polit-ical, academic, or social influence efforts to the strat-egy required in Section 1252;
                     Pages H4667–68 
Amodei amendment (No. 8 printed in H. Rept. 115–702) that addresses mine permitting issues in relationship to minerals deemed critical for national security and the nation’s infrastructure; the amend-ment is consistent with EO 13604 and EO 13817 from 2012 and 2017 respectively which ordered fed-eral agencies to reduce the time required to make permitting and review decisions for critical mineral projects (by a recorded vote of 229 ayes to 183 noes, Roll No. 223);                                 Pages H4657–60, H4668–69 
McGovern amendment (No. 10 printed in H. Rept. 115–702) that requires the Secretary of De-fense to design and produce a military service medal to honor retired and former members of the Armed Forces who are radiation-exposed veterans (Atomic Veterans) (by a recorded vote of 408 ayes to 1 no, Roll No. 224);
                                 Pages H4660–61, H4668–70 
Engel amendment (No. 43 printed in H. Rept. 115–702) that authorizes financial and visa sanctions against perpetrators of ethnic cleansing of the Rohingya by the Burmese military and security forces; limits U.S. military and security assistance with Burma until reforms take place; incentivizes re-form of the Burmese gemstone sector which is noto-riously dominated by the military; and requires a de-termination of what crimes the Burmese military committed, including genocide (by a recorded vote of 382 ayes to 30 noes, Roll No. 227); 
                                                                Pages H4663–66, H4668–72 
Thornberry en bloc amendment No. 2 consisting of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 115–702: Ross (No. 31) that requires OPM to sub-mit a detailed report to Congress on the use of ‘Offi-cial Time’ by federal employees; Zeldin (No. 32) that creates a policy of cooperation with foreign countries that support the United States’ efforts to counter Iran’s destabilizing activities in the Middle East; Blunt Rochester (No. 61) that expresses a sense of Congress honoring the Dover Air Force Base and specifically the Center for Mortuary Affairs; Fitzpatrick (No. 62) that directs the Secretary of De-fense to implement a process to coordinate annual research requests between all services and offices under Department of Defense in order to maximize the benefit of each request and minimize duplica-tion, and achieve cost savings; Fitzpatrick (No. 63) that directs DOD to conduct a review of the foreign currency rates used at disbursement to determine whether cost-savings opportunities exist by more consistently selecting cost-effective rates; Fitzpatrick (No. 64) that directs the Secretary of Defense to raise the priority of completing DOD Directive 2310.07E in order to clarify processes and efficiencies in recov-ering the remains of heroes missing in action, via the POW/MIA Accounting Agency; Poe (TX) (No. 65) that directs the President to impose sanctions on two Iranian proxies in Syria and Iraq for terrorism and requires report detailing entities in which the IRGC has an ownership interest of 33 percent or greater; Carbajal (No. 66) that encourages the Secretary of Defense to transition training manuals, emergency guidance, and other publications needed to train service members to a mobile app which would en-able innovative technologies and interaction between 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MY8.REC D23MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D587 May 23, 2018 
trainees and information needed to complete train-ing, as well as provide a cost-efficient mechanism for less printing and less distribution costs; Lance (No. 67) that requires each military department to carry out a program for awarding medals and other com-mendations to the military working dogs and/or their handlers; Foster (No. 68) that requires an inde-pendent assessment of nuclear forensic analysis con-ducted by the Federal Government, and requires the President to provide to Congress a briefing on the involvement of senior-level executive branch leader-ship in recent and planned nuclear terrorism pre-paredness or response exercises; Ca´rdenas (No. 69) that creates a pilot program to train members of the Armed Forces in mindfulness-based stress reduction techniques before deploying to combat zones; a re-port on the effect of the program on stress manage-ment and post-traumatic stress disorder; Meng (No. 70) that requires the creation and use of exit surveys that will allow DOD to assess the reasons that attri-tion levels for women in the military are higher than for men at various career points; Meng (No. 71) that authorizes the Jet Noise Reduction Program within the Office of Naval Research; Meng (No. 72) that adds oversight as a responsibility of the newly formed Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Policy and Oversight Council; Smith (WA) (No. 73) that requires a report from the Secretary of Defense on Department of Defense missions, operations, and activities in Niger and the broader region; Bera (No. 74) that requires the Secretary of Defense, in con-sultation with the Secretaries of the VA, Education, and Labor, to submit a report to Congress detailing the transfer of skills into college credit or technical certifications for members of the Armed Forces leav-ing the military; Meadows (No. 75) that promotes responsible leasing of DOD property by requiring the Secretary of Defense to direct the military de-partments to certify, prior to entering into a new lease, that there is not available DOD property which may be reconfigured to support the purpose of the proposed lease in a more cost effective man-ner; and, requires a breakout of annual rent plus other costs including parking costs for multiple as-sets associated with a single lease; and, requires GAO to submit a one-time report on the complete-ness of these requirements in updating the DOD’s Real Property Database (RPAD) by the DOD; and Schiff (No. 76) that requires a report by the Sec-retary of Defense to Congress on the legal basis for strikes by the United States against Syrian regime targets in April 2017 and April 2018; and 
                                                                                    Pages H4673–78 
Thornberry en bloc amendment No. 3 consisting of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 115–702: Heck (No. 77) that amends the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to permit an indi-vidual to provide to a creditor as proof of military service, in order to qualify for the active service in-terest rate limitation, a certified letter from a com-manding officer or any other appropriate indicator of military service; a creditor may use information from the Defense Manpower Database Center indicating that the individual is on active duty; Esty (No. 78) that requires a study on the feasibility of requiring service members to apply for VA benefits prior to discharge; Krishnamoorthi (No. 79) that requires DoD to report how many underemployed reserve members in an employment program are in a field that matches their skills and training; Gabbard (No. 80) that includes a study to evaluate the personal protective equipment required by civil defense agen-cies and civilian communities located near active vol-canic activity to protect against dangers such as sul-fur dioxide gas and other hazards; this amendment also authorizes the transfer or excess Department of Defense personal protective equipment to state and local agencies if it is determined that the Depart-ment of Defense does not require such equipment for current or planned requirements; Crawford (No. 81) that authorizes a pilot program to examine the feasi-bility and effectiveness of the Army National Guard EOD soldiers in Title 32 status versus using the cur-rent Mobilization Day EOD soldiers mobilized in Title 10 status to provide this support; Crawford (No. 82) that assigns the Explosive Ordnance Dis-posal research, development, and acquisition program to the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Nuclear, Chemical, and Biological Defense Programs; Castro (TX) (No. 83) that supports Department of Defense efforts to deepen multilateral cooperation on disaster response; Thornberry (No. 84) that directs the Sec-retary of Defense to conduct a joint study with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration on the impact wind farms have on weather radars and military operations; Ben Ray Luja´n (NM) (No. 85) that requires the Secretary of Defense to select and contract with an independent Federally Funded Research and Development Center to review, assess and prepare a report on NNSA’s strategy for the re-capitalization of plutonium science and production capabilities; it also requires the Secretary of Energy to provide briefings on this strategy, and requires the Nuclear Weapons Council to provide annual cer-tifications related to this effort; Biggs (No. 86) that expresses the sense of Congress on allied contribu-tions to the common defense; requires the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to Congress on annual defense spending by ally and partner countries; McSally (No. 87) that grants a waiver of time limi-tations so that the Distinguished-Service Cross can be awarded to Staff Sgt. Gallegos, a soldier from AZ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MY8.REC D23MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD588 May 23, 2018 
who was killed in Afghanistan in 2009; Jackson Lee (No. 88) that requires Secretary of Defense to report to Congress programs and procedures employed to ensure students studying abroad through Depart-ment of Defense National Security Education Pro-grams are trained to recognize, resist, and report against recruitment efforts by agents of foreign gov-ernments; Jackson Lee (No. 89) that provides a re-port 220 days after enactment on the DoD’s capacity to provide survivors of natural disasters with emer-gency short term housing; Jackson Lee (No. 90) that directs that the Secretary of DoD 240 days from en-actment will provide a report on the risks posed by man-made space debris in low-earth orbit, including recommendations on remediation of such risks, and outlines of plans to reduce the incident of space de-bris; Jackson Lee (No. 91) that seeks a report 180 days following enactment from the Secretary of DoD, which will include the Coast Guard, on the rate of maternity mortality rate among members of the Armed Forces and the dependents of such members; and Jackson Lee (No. 92) that assures that a report already required by the bill on Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning will also provide infor-mation on the ‘‘Opportunities and Risks’’ related to advances in the area of AI and its sub discipline of machine learning; the report shall have a classified section.
                                                                    Pages H4678–82 
Rejected: Nolan amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 115–698) that was debated on May 22nd that sought to strike the authorization of funds made available under the Overseas Contingency Operations account (by a recorded vote of 62 ayes to 351 noes, Roll No. 219);
                                                            Page H4604 
Gabbard amendment (No. 3 printed in H. Rept. 115–698) that was debated on May 22nd that sought to strike section 1225, a required strategy to counter destabilizing activities of Iran (by a recorded vote of 60 ayes to 355 noes, Roll No. 220); 
                                                                                    Pages H4604–05 
Aguilar amendment (No. 4 printed in H. Rept. 115–698) that was debated on May 22nd that sought to add to an already-mandated annual report, this amendment would require DoD to include a 20- year estimate of the projected life cycle costs of each type of nuclear weapon and delivery platform in its text (by a recorded vote of 198 ayes to 217 noes, Roll No. 221);
                                                    Pages H4605–06 
Garamendi amendment (No. 5 printed in H. Rept. 115–698) that was debated on May 22nd that sought to limit 50% of the funding for the W76–2 warhead modification program until the Secretary of Defense submits a report assessing the program’s im-pacts on strategic stability and options to reduce the risk of miscalculation (by a recorded vote of 188 ayes to 226 noes, Roll No. 222);                                Page H4606 
McKinley amendment (No. 13 printed in H. Rept. 115–702) that sought to institute domestic sourcing requirements for dinner ware within the Department of Defense (by a recorded vote of 160 ayes to 252 noes, Roll No. 225); 
                                                                Pages H4661–62, H4668–70 
Tenney amendment (No. 19 printed in H. Rept. 115–702) that sought to reinstate the Berry Amend-ment’s long-standing domestic sourcing requirement for stainless steel flatware and provides a one year phase-in period (by a recorded vote of 174 ayes to 239 noes, Roll No. 226); and 
                                                                Pages H4662–63, H4668–71 
Polis amendment (No. 50 printed in H. Rept. 115–702) that sought to reduce the amount author-ized for the National Nuclear Security Administra-tion’s Weapons Account to the amount in the budg-et request (by a recorded vote of 174 ayes to 239 noes, Roll No. 228).
                    Pages H4666–67, H4668–72 
H. Res. 905, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 5515), (S. 204), and (S. 2155) was agreed to yesterday, May 22nd. H. Res. 908, the rule providing for further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 2) was agreed to by a re-corded vote of 229 ayes to 183 noes, Roll No. 218, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and- nay vote of 222 yeas to 189 nays, Roll No. 217. 
                                                                             Pages H4593–H4603 
Unanimous Consent Agreement: Agreed by unan-imous consent that during further consideration of H.R. 5515 in the Committee of the Whole pursuant to House Resolution 908, the fourth set of amend-ments en bloc offered by Representative Thornberry pursuant to section 3 of House Resolution 905 be considered to have been adopted with the modifica-tion placed at the desk.
                                          Page H4673 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow, May 24th.
                         Page H4682 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H4598. Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote and eleven recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H4602–03, H4603, H4604, H4604–05, H4605–06, H4606, H4669, H4669–70, H4670, H4671, H4671–72, and H4672. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 7 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MY8.REC D23MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D589 May 23, 2018 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Appropriations: Full Committee held a markup on the FY 2019 Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Bill; and the Report on the Suballoca-tion of Budget Allocations for FY 2019. The FY 2019 Transportation, Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill was ordered reported, as amended. The Report on the Suballocation of Budget Allocations for FY 2019 was ordered reported, without amendment. REGULATORY REFORM: UNLEASHING ECONOMIC OPPORTUNITY FOR WORKERS AND EMPLOYERS Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-committee on Workforce Protections held a hearing entitled ‘‘Regulatory Reform: Unleashing Economic Opportunity for Workers and Employers’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. EXAMINING THE OLYMPIC COMMUNITY’S ABILITY TO PROTECT ATHLETES FROM SEXUAL ABUSE Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Olympic Community’s Ability to Protect Athletes from Sexual Abuse’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. REAUTHORIZATION OF THE CHILDREN’S HOSPITAL GRADUATE MEDICAL EDUCATION PROGRAM Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Reauthorization of the Children’s Hospital Graduate Medical Education Program’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. LEGISLATIVE PROPOSALS TO HELP FUEL CAPITAL AND GROWTH ON MAIN STREET Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Cap-ital Markets, Securities, and Investment held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Legislative Proposals to Help Fuel Cap-ital and Growth on Main Street’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. THE IMPACT OF AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES ON THE FUTURE OF INSURANCE Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Impact of Autonomous Vehicles on the Future of In-surance’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. STRENGTHENING AMERICAN DIPLOMACY: REVIEWING THE STATE DEPARTMENT’S BUDGET, OPERATIONS, AND POLICY PRIORITIES Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Strengthening American Diplo-macy: Reviewing the State Department’s Budget, Operations, and Policy Priorities’’. Testimony was heard from Mike Pompeo, Secretary, Department of State. ASIA’S DIPLOMATIC AND SECURITY STRUCTURE: PLANNING U.S. ENGAGEMENT Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific held a hearing entitled ‘‘Asia’s Diplo-matic and Security Structure: Planning U.S. Engage-ment’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. CHINESE INVESTMENT AND INFLUENCE IN EUROPE Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Eu-rope, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats held a hearing entitled ‘‘Chinese Investment and Influence in Eu-rope’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. COMBATTING TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL THREATS IN THE WESTERN HEMISPHERE Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere held a hearing entitled ‘‘Com-batting Transnational Criminal Threats in the West-ern Hemisphere’’. Testimony was heard from Rich-ard Glenn, Acting Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bu-reau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs, Department of State; Jennifer Fowler, Dep-uty Assistant Secretary, Office of Terrorist Financing and Financial Crimes, Department of Treasury; Rear Admiral Brian Hendrickson, U.S. Navy, Director, Network Engagement Team, U.S. Southern Com-mand; and Raymond Villanueva, Assistant Director for International Operations, Homeland Security In-vestigations, Department of Homeland Security. ISIS-POST CALIPHATE: THREAT IMPLICATIONS FOR AMERICA AND THE WEST Committee on Homeland Security: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘ISIS-Post Caliphate: Threat Im-plications for America and the West’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MY8.REC D23MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD590 May 23, 2018 
THE FEDERAL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION REFORM ACT (FITARA) SCORECARD 6.0 Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Information Technology; and Sub-committee on Government Operations held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Federal Information Tech-nology Acquisition Reform Act (FITARA) Scorecard 6.0’’. Testimony was heard from Gary Washington, Chief Information Officer, Department of Agri-culture; Lynn Moaney, Acting Chief Financial Offi-cer, Department of Agriculture; Donald Bice, Dep-uty Assistant Secretary for Administration, Depart-ment of Agriculture; David Powner, Director of IT Management Issues, Government Accountability Of-fice; Dana Deasy, Chief Information Officer, Depart-ment of Defense; Mark Easton, Deputy Chief Finan-cial Officer, Department of Defense; and Kevin Fahey, Assistant Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Department of Defense. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a markup on H. Res. 877, a resolu-tion of inquiry directing the Secretary of Commerce to provide certain documents in the Secretary’s pos-session to the House of Representatives relating to the decision to include a question on citizenship in the 2020 decennial census of population; H.R. 5925, to codify provisions relating to the Office of Na-tional Drug Control Policy, and for other purposes; H.R. 5415, the ‘‘GAO–IG Act’’; H.R. 5896, the ‘‘Border Patrol Agent Pay Reform Amendments Act of 2018’’; H.R. 2648, the ‘‘Veterans Transition Im-provement Act’’; H.R. 5321, the ‘‘Too Long; Didn’t Read Act of 2018’’; H.R. 4407, the ‘‘Corporal Jeff-ery Allen Williams Post Office Building’’; H.R. 4946, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1075 North Tustin Street in Orange, California, as the ‘‘Specialist Trevor A. Win’E Post Office’’; H.R. 5205, to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Service located at 701 6th Street in Hawthorne, Nevada, as the ‘‘Ser-geant Kenneth Eric Bostic Post Office’’; H.R. 5238, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1234 Saint Johns Place in Brook-lyn, New York, as the ‘‘Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office’’; H.R. 5349, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1320 Au-tumn Avenue in Memphis, Tennessee, as the ‘‘Judge Russell B. Sugarmon Post Office Building’’; H.R. 5412, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 25 2nd Avenue in Brent-wood, New York, as the ‘‘Army Specialist Jose L. Ruiz Post Office Building’’; H.R. 5504, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 4801 West Van Giesen Street in West Richland, Washington, as the ‘‘Sergeant Dietrich Schmieman Post Office Building’’; H.R. 5737, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 108 West D Street in Alpha, Illi-nois, as the ‘‘Captain Joshua E. Steele Post Office’’; and H.R. 5784, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2650 North Doctor Martin Luther King Drive in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, as the ‘‘Vel R. Phillips Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5925, H.R. 5415, H.R. 2648, H.R. 5321, and H.R. 5896 were ordered reported, as amended. H. Res. 877, H.R. 4407, H.R. 4946, H.R. 5205, H.R. 5238, H.R. 5349, H.R. 5412, H.R. 5504, H.R. 5737, and H.R. 5784 were or-dered reported, without amendment. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-mittee held a markup on H.R. 5905, the ‘‘Depart-ment of Energy Science and Innovation Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5907, the ‘‘National Innovation Mod-ernization by Laboratory Empowerment Act’’; and H.R. 5906, the ‘‘ARPA–E Act of 2018’’. H.R. 5905 and H.R. 5906 were ordered reported, as amended. H.R. 5907 was ordered reported, without amend-ment. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 8, the ‘‘Water Resources Development Act of 2018’’. H.R. 8 was ordered reported, as amended. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Opportunity held a hearing on H.R. 2409, to allow servicemembers to terminate their cable, sat-ellite television, and Internet access service contracts while deployed; H.R. 5452, the ‘‘Reduce Unemploy-ment for Veterans of All Ages Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5538, to amend title 38, United States Code, to pro-vide for the inclusion of certain additional periods of active duty service for purposes of suspending charges to veterans’ entitlement to educational assist-ance under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs during periods of suspended partici-pation in vocational rehabilitation programs; H.R. 5644, the ‘‘VET OPP Act’’; H.R. 5649, the ‘‘Navy SEAL Chief Petty Officer William ‘Bill’ Mulder (Ret.) Transition Improvement Act of 2018’’; and legislation to amend the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to provide for the termination by a spouse of a lessee of certain leases when the lessee dies while in military service. Testimony was heard from Rep-resentatives Brownley of California, Peters, Wenstrup, Bustos, and Costello; Margarita Devlin, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MY8.REC D23MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D591 May 23, 2018 
Principal Deputy Under Secretary for Benefits, Vet-erans Benefits Administration, Department of Vet-erans Affairs; and public witnesses. TAX REFORM AND SMALL BUSINESSES: GROWING OUR ECONOMY AND CREATING JOBS Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on Tax Policy held a hearing entitled ‘‘Tax Reform and Small Businesses: Growing Our Economy and Cre-ating Jobs’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee began a markup on H.R. 5861, the ‘‘Jobs and Opportunity with Benefits and Services for Success Act’’. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D511) 
S.J. Res. 57, providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection relating to ‘‘Indirect Auto Lend-ing and Compliance with the Equal Credit Oppor-tunity Act’’. Signed on May 21, 2018. (Public Law 115–172) H.R. 3210, to require the Director of the Na-tional Background Investigations Bureau to submit a report on the backlog of personnel security clearance investigations. Signed on May 22, 2018. (Public Law 115–173) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, MAY 24, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Energy and Water Develop-ment Appropriations Act, 2019’’, an original bill enti-tled, ‘‘Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019’’, and to consider 302(b) subcommittee alloca-tions of budget outlays and new budget authority allo-cated to the committee in H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appro-priate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027, 10:30 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine cybersecurity, focusing on risks to the financial services industry and its preparedness, 9:30 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Finance: business meeting to consider the nomination of John J. Bartrum, of Indiana, to be an As-sistant Secretary of Health and Human Services, Time to be announced, Room to be announced. Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine rural health care in America, focusing on challenges and oppor-tunities, 9 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider S. 2645, to establish a demonstration program under which the Drug Enforcement Administration provides grants to certain States to enable those States to increase participation in drug take-back programs, S. 2535, to amend the Controlled Substances Act to strengthen Drug Enforcement Administration discretion in setting opioid quotas, S. 2789, to prevent substance abuse and reduce demand for illicit narcotics, S. 207, to amend the Con-trolled Substances Act relating to controlled substance analogues, S. 2838, to amend the Controlled Substances Act to require the Drug Enforcement Administration to report certain information on distribution of opioids, S. 2837, to improve the systems for identifying the diver-sion of controlled substances, and the nominations of An-drew S. Oldham, of Texas, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, Alan D. Albright, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas, Thomas S. Kleeh, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of West Virginia, Peter J. Phipps, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Pennsylvania, Michael J. Truncale, J. Campbell Barker, and Jeremy D. Kernodle, each to be a United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Texas, Wendy Vitter, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana, Ryan Wesley Bounds, of Oregon, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, Susan Brnovich, to be United States District Judge for the District of Arizona, Chad F. Kenney, to be United States District Judge for the East-ern District of Pennsylvania, Maureen K. Ohlhausen, of Virginia, to be Judge of the United States Court of Fed-eral Claims, and Erica H. MacDonald, to be United States Attorney for the District of Minnesota, and Scott Patrick Illing, to be United States Marshal for the East-ern District of Louisiana, both of the Department of Jus-tice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing regarding certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government, markup on FY 2019 Financial Services and General Government Appropria-tions Bill, 10 a.m., HT–2 Capitol. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub- committee on Government Operations, hearing entitled ‘‘Union Time on the People’s Dime: A Closer Look at Official Time’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, con-tinue markup on H.R. 5861, the ‘‘Jobs and Opportunity with Benefits and Services for Success Act’’, 9 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 5627 E:\CR\FM\D23MY8.REC D23MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD592 May 23, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Thursday, May 24 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nominations of Jelena McWilliams, of Ohio, to be Chairperson, and to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nominations at 12 noon. Following disposition of the nominations of Jelena McWilliams, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of James Randolph Evans, of Georgia, to be Ambassador to Luxembourg, Department of State. If cloture is invoked on the nomination, Senate will vote on confirmation thereon at 1:45 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Thursday, May 24 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Complete consideration of H.R. 5515—National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Black, Diane, Tenn., E722 Buck, Ken, Colo., E716, E719 Carter, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’, Ga., E717 Carter, John R., Tex., E719 Cooper, Jim, Tenn., E721 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E718 Duncan, John J., Jr., Tenn., E721 Dunn, Neal P., Fla., E717 Espaillat, Adriano, N.Y., E714 Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E722 Garamendi, John, Calif., E713 Gottheimer, Josh, N.J., E720, E722 Holding, George, N.C., E716 Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E715 Keating, William R., Mass., E722 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E722 Lamborn, Doug, Colo., E713 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E715 McGovern, James P., Mass., E717 McKinley, David B., W.Va., E714 Olson, Pete, Tex., E723 Pascrell, Bill, Jr., N.J., E713, E716 Poe, Ted, Tex., E714, E719 Polis, Jared, Colo., E721 Rokita, Todd, Ind., E719 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E718 Smith, Jason, Mo., E718 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E713, E718, E720 Suozzi, Thomas R., N.Y., E717 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E723 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E714 Walz, Timothy J., Minn., E713, E717, E720 Westerman, Bruce, Ark., E713 Young, David, Iowa, E714, E715, E716, E717, E718, E720, E720, E722, E723, E723 Zeldin, Lee M., N.Y., E720 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 May 24, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D23MY8.REC D23MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST