Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3319 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, APRIL 16, 2018 No. 61 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
ARSHALL ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, April 16, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable R
OGER W. M
ARSHALL to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair would now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 2 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ILL) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Loving and gracious God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Bless the Members of the people’s House. There are many important issues to be considered with multiple interests and priorities dividing the House in its deliberations. Today, we ask Your blessing upon so many Americans in many parts of our country who are suffering due to severe weather. May their needs be met expe-ditiously, and may those first respond-ers and others who have come to their assistance be blessed in their efforts and know of the prayers and support of a grateful nation. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
COMMEMORATING ISRAEL’S 70TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Last week, I introduced H. Res. 815, which commemorates the 70th anniversary of the founding of the State of Israel as well as President Donald Trump’s cou-rageous decision to move the American Embassy to Jerusalem. Over the past 70 years, the Israeli people have demonstrated resiliency of the human spirit while overcoming tre-mendous obstacles. Every day Israelis endure the threat of terrorism in their lives, but they remain optimistic about the future of their country. As Americans face a similar enemy in the global war on terrorism, we must continue to strengthen our rela-tionship inspired by Ambassador Ron Dermer. By holding fair and free elections and vigorously legislating in its par-liament, Israel is a shining model of democracy. I am grateful for another remarkable year of freedom with the bold leadership of Prime Minister Ben-jamin Netanyahu. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. f 
DANGERS OF PARTISAN FARM BILL (Mr. COSTA asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to make clear the dangers of a partisan farm bill that we are considering in the House Agriculture Committee this week. Bipartisanship is not simply a buzzword. Bipartisanship is vital for policies to serve the widest range of Americans. Sadly, it is in short supply these days in our Capitol. The House Agriculture Committee has, for over 40 years, traditionally been a very bipar-tisan committee because our Nation’s food supply affects everyone: rich and poor, farmers and consumers, Demo-crats and Republicans alike. Our farm bill is America’s food bill, and it needs to be about feeding all of us. I always say it is really a matter of our national security, yet the bill we are considering this week is, without question, a partisan farm bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP7.000 H16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3320 April 16, 2018 
We see this in how it fails to serve key parts of our Nation and abandons many of our food insecure. A partisan farm bill is bad policy, plain and sim-ple. It will not succeed legislatively nor can it be implemented successfully. I ask that we put aside these partisan differences, do as we have done tradi-tionally, and work together to pass a bipartisan farm bill in the House and in the Senate that the President can sign. 
f 
POLITICALLY BIASED MEDIA (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Morning Consult recently asked Ameri-cans about their views of television’s political bias. Respondents were four times as like-ly to say television programs present a more liberal perspective than a con-servative one. The liberal media, in-cluding Hollywood studios, have dis-missed the views of most Americans. They portray American life in their own liberal image. News reports, mov-ies, and TV shows reflect the liberal leanings of the media producers, not most American’s values. To be fair and balanced, the media should represent American families and their values, not just the pro-ducers’ political and cultural philos-ophy. 
f 
RUSSIANS LIED—SYRIANS DIED (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the Russians lied. In 2013, the Russian bear entered into a sweeping agreement with the United States. The deal, Syria’s arsenal of chemical weapons would be removed by the middle of 2014. Russia would guar-antee this agreement. In return, the United States would indefinitely stall air strikes. For months, we have watched in hor-ror as defenseless men, women, and children were murdered by the rogue Syrian regime, intent on using chem-ical weapons against their own people. Friday evening, President Trump joined our allies, France and Britain, to authorize precision air strikes against chemical weapon production and storage in Syria. This decisive re-taliation was an appropriate, targeted response to this horrific crime. No chemical weapons in Syria. However, the United States’ role in Syria must be focused. The U.S.’ pur-pose in Syria is to eradicate the influ-ence of ISIS. Any other U.S. military escalation of the Syrian war must be authorized by Congress. But mean-while, Assad the butcher now knows from our President not to cross a red line and use chemical weapons on his people. And that is just the way it is. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM CON-STITUENT SERVICES DIRECTOR, THE HONORABLE JACKIE SPEIER, MEMBER OF CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from Mark H. Nagales, Con-stituent Services Director, the Honor-able J
ACKIE SPEIER , Member of Con-gress: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 11, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally, pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, that I have been served with a subpoena for testimony as a witness in a criminal trial issued by the Superior Court of the State of California, County of San Mateo. After consultation with the Office of Gen-eral Counsel, I have determined that compli-ance with the subpoena is consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. Sincerely, M
ARKH. N AGALES , Constituent Services Director. f 
RESIGNATION AS MEMBER OF COMMITTEE ON VETERANS’ AF-FAIRS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following resigna-tion as a member of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 13, 2018. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : I am resigning, as of this date, my position on the House Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee. Membership on Veterans’ Affairs has prov-en to be invaluable to me in providing for veterans and their families and for active service members in the Northern Marianas Islands. These heroes are remote from the services of the Veterans Administration and have been neglected; but the Department has proven responsive to me as a member of the Committee. It is my intention to build on the relation-ships I have established with the Department and within the Committee, so that my con-stituents who have served their nation in the military may continue to receive the serv-ices they have earned and deserved. Sincerely, G
REGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN , Member of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the resignation is accepted. There was no objection. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 5 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 8 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. b1659 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. POEof Texas) at 4 o’clock and 59 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
AUTHORIZING SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR TO ESTABLISH FEES FOR MEDICAL SERVICES PRO-VIDED IN UNITS OF THE NA-TIONAL PARK SYSTEM Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3607) to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to establish fees for medical services provided in units of the National Park System, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3607 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. FEES FOR MEDICAL SERVICES. 
(a) F EESAUTHORIZED .—The Secretary may es-tablish and collect fees for medical services pro-vided to persons in units of the National Park System or for medical services provided by Na-tional Park Service personnel outside units of the National Park System. (b) N
ATIONAL PARK MEDICAL SERVICES  F
UND.—There is hereby established in the Treasury a fund to be known as the ‘‘National Park Medical Services Fund’’. The Fund shall consist of— (1) donations to the Fund; and (2) fees collected under subsection (a). (c) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—All amounts deposited into the Fund shall be available to the Secretary, to the extent provided in advance by Acts of appropriation, for the following in units of the National Park System: (1) Services listed in subsection (a). (2) Preparing needs assessments or other pro-grammatic analyses for medical facilities, equip-ment, vehicles, and other needs and costs of pro-viding services listed in subsection (a). (3) Developing management plans for medical facilities, equipment, vehicles, and other needs and costs of services listed in subsection (a). (4) Training related to providing services list-ed in subsection (a). (5) Obtaining or improving medical facilities, equipment, vehicles, and other needs and costs of providing services listed in subsection (a). (d) D
EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this section: (1) F
UND.—The term ‘‘Fund’’ means the Na-tional Park Medical Services Fund established by subsection (b). (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.004 H16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3321 April 16, 2018 
gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, the National Park Serv-ice currently manages 11 units that provide medical services to park visi-tors, employees, and nearby residents, including Yosemite in my district, Yel-lowstone, Zion, the Grand Canyon, and Death Valley. These include a wide range of services, including emergency medical services, ambulance transport, and clinical services. They treat colds; they set broken bones; they stabilize heart attacks and strokes; they evac-uate the severely injured and treat thousands of patients annually. These national park units are typi-cally located in remote areas, which means that they are often the only op-tion patients have to receive timely medical care, especially in emergency situations. In the case of Yosemite, the medical clinic has operated in the valley since 1929. Like other medical clinics in our national parks, it serves the park and concessionaire employees, their fami-lies, and tens of thousands of daily park visitors. The Yosemite medical clinic is a mil-lion-dollar-a-year operation, maintain-ing a full-time staff and sophisticated medical treatment to treat and sta-bilize any number of serious injuries and sudden illnesses that confront a population of a moderately sized town. But here is the problem: Any other medical clinic would be able to use the fees it collects to finance its oper-ations, to plan for amortizing equip-ment purchases and expansions, and to match its expenses to the revenues it generates, but not so our national park medical clinics. Under current law, the fees collected by our national park clinics must go directly to the national Treasury, and the parks must then rely on annual ap-propriations to replace those funds, with no certainty they will return and no ability to plan long-term improve-ments. This bill changes all of that. It would establish a separate trust fund in the Treasury, still under the control of Congress but dedicated to be returned to the clinics that generate these funds in the first place. H.R. 3607 will allow the National Park Service to retain revenues to help offset the costs of pro-viding medical services. It establishes a national park med-ical services fund at the Treasury. The fund will consist of fees collected for medical services provided to persons in units of the National Park System and through other donations. My bill will help the National Park Service to provide higher quality pa-tient care with industry standard equipment and technology; assist with training relating to providing the nec-essary medical services; develop man-agement plans for medical facilities; and obtain or improve medical facili-ties, equipment, vehicles, and other needs and costs of providing medical services to visitors and staff of our na-tional parks. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, each year, the National Park Service collects approximately $2 million in fees for medical services pro-vided to park visitors. Current law re-quires the Park Service to send the money it collects for these services to the Treasury rather than keeping them in the site where the services are per-formed. This requires the Park Service to use money out of individual park budgets to mitigate the costs associ-ated with medical services. H.R. 3607 authorizes the Park Service to collect and retain fees for medical services, which would relieve some of the financial pressure faced by our parks and ensure that these services will be available to visitors. Mr. Speaker, I believe that H.R. 3607 is a good bill, and I urge my colleagues to vote for its passage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Hawaii for her kind words and support, and I urge adoption of the measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3607, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
WEST FORK FIRE STATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4609) to provide for the con-veyance of a Forest Service site in Do-lores County, Colorado, to be used for a fire station. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4609 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘West Fork Fire Station Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) C
OUNTY .—The term ‘‘County’’ means Dolores County, Colorado. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Agriculture. (3) W
EST FORK FIRE STATION CONVEYANCE  
PARCEL .—The term ‘‘West Fork Fire Station Conveyance Parcel’’ means the parcel of ap-proximately 3.61 acres of National Forest System land in the County, as depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Map for West Fork Fire Station Conveyance Parcel’’ and dated No-vember 21, 2017. 
SEC. 3. CONVEYANCE OF WEST FORK FIRE STA-TION CONVEYANCE PARCEL, DOLO-RES COUNTY, COLORADO. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—On receipt of a request from the County and subject to such terms and conditions as are mutually satisfactory to the Secretary and the County, including such additional terms as the Secretary de-termines to be necessary, the Secretary shall convey to the County without consideration all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the West Fork Fire Station Conveyance Parcel. (b) C
OSTS.—Any costs relating to the con-veyance under subsection (a), including proc-essing and transaction costs, shall be paid by the County. (c) U
SE OF LAND.—The land conveyed to the County under subsection (a) shall be used by the County only for a fire station, related infrastructure, and roads to facilitate access to and through the West Fork Fire Station Conveyance Parcel. (d) R
EVERSION .—If any portion of the land conveyed under subsection (a) is used in a manner that is inconsistent with the use de-scribed in subsection (c), the land shall, at the discretion of the Secretary, revert to the United States. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4609 would author-ize the U.S. Forest Service to convey 3.61 acres of land to Dolores County, Colorado, for the purpose of building a fire station for the community of West Fork. Currently, area residents must rely on a fire protection district lo-cated 26 miles away to provide critical firefighting and emergency services to the community. Frequent and devastating wildfires have ravaged the Western States, mak-ing it more vital than ever that every community is prepared to protect itself 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.010 H16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3322 April 16, 2018 
against fire and other catastrophic events. H.R. 4609 will improve local fire and emergency services to the commu-nity of West Fork and will ensure that residents of the West Fork area will be prepared for catastrophic events with-out expending any new Federal dollars. Mr. Speaker, I want to note the hard work that Representative T
IPTON has put into this bill, and I salute his ef-forts and leadership. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4609 authorizes the conveyance of 3.61 acres of National Forest System land to Dolores County, Colorado, for the purpose of building a fire station. The language of this bill also allows the United States to regain ownership of the land if the county no longer uses it for its intended purpose. During a Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee hearing in Feb-ruary of this year, representatives from the Forest Service not only ex-pressed their support for this convey-ance, but went on to note the lack of non-Federal options for land suitable for building a fire station in the area. We can all agree on the importance of public safety. It is our duty as Mem-bers of Congress to ensure that the brave men and women who serve as firefighters in their communities have access to the infrastructure they need to do their work. Mr. Speaker, I support the adoption of the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. T
IP-
TON), the author of this measure and one of the leaders in the House on im-portant issues facing the Western States. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman M
CCLINTOCK and also Rep-resentative H
ANABUSA for their support on this important piece of legislation, which ultimately creates a win not only for the local community property rights, but also for our forest system, as well, in the event of a catastrophic wildfire breaking out. West Fork is in a remote part of Do-lores County, Colorado, surrounded by the San Juan National Forest. Emer-gency and fire response is a challenge in this part of the county because the closest fire station is currently 26 miles away. The West Fork Fire Sta-tion Act conveys approximately 3.6 acres of National Forest System land to Dolores County for the strict pur-pose of building and operating a fire station in the West Fork area. In addition to creating emergency and fire response challenges, the lack of a dedicated fire station has created insurance challenges for homeowners in West Fork. In an area surrounded by national forest land, it is critical to have fire insurance for your home and other structures on your property. With no fire station in reasonable prox-imity to the area, it is near impossible for homeowners to obtain fire insur-ance in West Fork. My bill would help change that. The West Fork fire station will be op-erated by a volunteer fire department, men and women who dedicate their time, talent, and often put the safety of their community and neighbors ahead of their own. I greatly appreciate their service to the county. I also commend Dolores County for working along with local property own-ers and the surrounding fire districts to obtain necessary firefighting equip-ment for the volunteers who would serve the West Fork fire station. Dolores County, Colorado, U.S. Sen-ators CORYGARDNER and M ICHAEL BEN-
NET, along with the U.S. Forest Service all support the West Fork Fire Station Act. The bill passed out of the Natural Re-sources Committee with a unanimous vote. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues in the House to support this bill and the community of West Fork today. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support the adoption of this bill. It is a great bill. It protects our first responders and is something that we need to provide for them. As stated earlier, the Forest Service has no other use for this land. Mr. Speaker, I encourage adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4609. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
KISSIMMEE RIVER WILD AND SCENIC RIVER STUDY ACT OF 2018 Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3961) to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate seg-ments of the Kissimmee River and its tributaries in the State of Florida for study for potential addition to the Na-tional Wild and Scenic Rivers System, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3961 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Kissimmee River Wild and Scenic River Study Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The Kissimmee River has undergone, over the course of two decades, the largest river restoration effort in the world. (2) Extending approximately 105 miles from Orlando to Lake Okeechobee, the Kissimmee River forms the headwaters of Lake Okee-chobee and the Everglades and serves as a vital component of ecosystem restoration in South Florida as a whole. (3) The Kissimmee River Restoration Project has significantly improved approxi-mately 63,000 acres of wetlands within the Kissimmee River watershed and reestab-lished an environment suitable for fish, wild-life, and the wetland plants that existed prior to the Kissimmee River’s channeliza-tion in the 1960s. (4) The Kissimmee River Restoration Project is expected to be completed in 2020, at which point it is expected to reestablish historic hydrologic conditions, recreate his-toric river and floodplain connectivity, recreate the historic mosaic of wetland plant communities, and restore historic biological diversity and functionality. (5) After decades of restoration efforts and the expenditure of nearly a billion dollars, upon completion of the Kissimmee River Restoration Project, a study should be con-ducted to determine the eligibility of includ-ing the fully restored Kissimmee River into the National Wild and Scenic River program to preserve the fully restored free-flowing condition and immediate environment of the river for the benefit and enjoyment of present and future generations. (6) Inclusion of the Kissimmee River into the National Wild and Scenic River program would be a fitting tribute to the hard work of the Army Corps of Engineers and the South Florida Water Management District’s restoration work. SEC. 3. DESIGNATION FOR STUDY. 
(a) D ESIGNATION FOR POTENTIAL ADDI-
TION.—Section 5(a) of the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1276(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ll) K
ISSIMMEE RIVER , FLORIDA .—The segment from the southern shore of Lake Kissimmee to its confluence with Lake Okeechobee.’’. (b) S
TUDY .—Section 5(b) of the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1276(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ll) K
ISSIMMEE RIVER , FLORIDA .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date on which funds are made avail-able to carry out this paragraph, the Sec-retary of the Interior shall complete a study of the Kissimmee River, as described in sub-section (a)(ll), and submit a report describ-ing the results of such study to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources of the Senate. ‘‘(B) R
EPORT REQUIREMENTS .—The report required under subparagraph (A) shall— ‘‘(i) include a discussion of the effect of the designation of the segment to be studied under subsection (a)(ll) on— ‘‘(I) existing commercial and recreational activities, such as cattle ranching, dairy pro-duction, hunting, fishing, trapping, rec-reational shooting, motor boat use, or bridge construction; ‘‘(II) the authorization, construction, oper-ation, maintenance, or improvement of en-ergy production and transmission infrastruc-ture; ‘‘(III) military operations; and ‘‘(IV) the authority of State and local gov-ernments to manage the activities described in subclauses (I) and (II); and ‘‘(ii) identify— ‘‘(I) all authorities that will authorize or require the Secretary of the Interior to influ-ence local land use decisions (such as zoning) or place restrictions on non-Federal land if the area studied under subsection (a)( ll) is designated under the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.012 H16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3323 April 16, 2018 
‘‘(II) all authorities that the Secretary of the Interior may use to condemn property if the area studied under subsection (a)( ll) is designated under the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act; and ‘‘(III) all private property located in the area to be studied under subsection (a)( ll). ‘‘(C) N
ONINTERFERENCE .—This study shall not interfere with the Kissimmee River Res-toration Project authorized under section 101(8) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–580).’’. (c) N
ONEGATIVE IMPACT .—Nothing author-ized by this Act may negatively impact agri-cultural production in the Kissimmee River basin. (d) N
OEFFECT ON MANAGEMENT .—This Act and the amendments made by this Act shall not interfere with the current management of the area of the Kissimmee River described in section 5(a)(ll) of the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act, nor shall the fact that such area is listed for study under the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1271 et seq.) be used as justification for more restrictive manage-ment, such as wilderness or as a category of wild and scenic river, until Congress acts on the study recommendations. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3961 would des-ignate the Kissimmee River for study for potential addition to the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System. I must admit, I have become highly skeptical of wild and scenic designa-tions on our rivers after I watched the Merced River’s designation used as an excuse to severely restrict traditional recreational amenities at Yosemite Na-tional Park in my district, including bicycling, horseback riding, river raft-ing, lodging, and many other amenities that long predated the wild and scenic designation. The iconic Curry Village Skating Rink was lost to these restric-tions. Not only are the designations used to severely restrict public access and to restrict the enjoyment of the public’s lands, even the existence of a study has often been used as an excuse to forbid longstanding and traditional enjoy-ment of these rivers. Mr. Speaker, I thank the bill’s au-thor, Mr. S
OTO, for agreeing to amend-ments that will assure that the con-duct of the study authorized by this measure cannot be used as justification for any restrictions on the public’s use of the Kissimmee. b1715 It should be very clearly understood that, with this bill, Congress is author-izing a study and nothing else. In no way is it authorizing any restriction on the public’s use of this land while it is being studied or because it is being studied. Any further actions forthcoming from the result of this study is for the Congress and the Congress alone to de-cide. With that very clear understanding, I support adoption of the measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO), the author of the bill. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in strong support of my bill, H.R. 3961, the Kissimmee River Wild and Scenic River Study Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman B
ISHOP , Ranking Member G RIJALVA , Chairman M
CCLINTOCK , Ranking Mem-ber H
ANABUSA , and Congressman W EB-
STER for all their collaboration and support on this important bill. The Kissimmee River forms the head-waters of both Lake Okeechobee and the Everglades. Decades ago, the Federal and State governments, including Florida, in-structed the Army Corps of Engineers to channelize this river, leading to a decline in the ecosystem. Decades later, both the Federal Gov-ernment and State government got to-gether and spent nearly a billion dol-lars to restore this iconic river in order to improve recreation activities for Floridians and all Americans; to pro-tect local ecosystems, including endan-gered species; and, of course, to clean the water that goes to Lake Okee-chobee and eventually to the Ever-glades. This bill, now that we have spent nearly a billion dollars, will help start us down the road for potential protec-tion, and I am proud to work with both sides of the aisle to make sure that we get it right. I believe it is imperative for future generations that we use this as an op-portunity to safeguard the investment that we have made and to protect this ecosystem for wildlife corridors, for the enjoyment of Floridians and all Americans, for the protection of spe-cies, and to make sure that we are pro-tecting the Everglades for future gen-erations. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank, once again, our Natural Resources Com-mittee, including Chairman B
ISHOP , Ranking Member G
RIJALVA , Chairman M
CCLINTOCK , Ranking Member H
ANABUSA , and Congressman W EBSTER  for working with me on this. With their support, this legislation could only be on the floor with them helping out. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues in this Chamber to support H.R. 3961. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3961 amends the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to direct a study of the Kissimmee River to poten-tially be added to the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System. The designation would prohibit dams and other projects that would nega-tively impact the river’s natural condi-tion, but would not restrict private land use. Mr. Speaker, I support the passage of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3961, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
EASTERN BAND OF CHEROKEE HISTORIC LANDS REACQUISITION ACT Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 146) to take certain Federal lands in Tennessee into trust for the benefit of the Eastern Band of Cher-okee Indians, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 146 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Eastern Band of Cherokee Historic Lands Reacquisition Act’’. 
SEC. 2. LAND TAKEN INTO TRUST FOR THE EAST-ERN BAND OF CHEROKEE INDIANS. 
(a) L ANDS INTOTRUST.—Subject to such rights of record as may be vested in third parties to rights-of-way or other easements or rights-of- record for roads, utilities, or other purposes, the following Federal lands managed by the Ten-nessee Valley Authority and located on or above the 820-foot (MSL) contour elevation in Monroe County, Tennessee, on the shores of Tellico Res-ervoir, are declared to be held in trust by the United States for the use and benefit of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians: (1) S
EQUOYAH MUSEUM PROPERTY .—Approxi- mately 46.0 acres of land generally depicted as ‘‘Sequoyah Museum’’, ‘‘Parcel 1’’, and ‘‘Parcel 2’’ on the map titled ‘‘Eastern Band of Cherokee Historic Lands Reacquisition Map 1’’ and dated April 30, 2015. (2) S
UPPORT PROPERTY .—Approximately 11.9 acres of land generally depicted as ‘‘Support Parcel’’ on the map titled ‘‘Eastern Band of Cherokee Historic Lands Reacquisition Map 2’’ and dated April 30, 2015. (3) C
HOTA MEMORIAL PROPERTY AND TANASI  
MEMORIAL PROPERTY .—Approximately 18.2 acres of land generally depicted as ‘‘Chota Memorial 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16AP7.006 H16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3324 April 16, 2018 
1’’ and ‘‘Tanasi Memorial’’ on the map titled ‘‘Eastern Band of Cherokee Historic Lands Re-acquisition Map 3’’ and dated April 30, 2015, and including the Chota Memorial and all land within a circle with a radius of 86 feet measured from the center of the Chota Memorial without regard to the elevation of the land within the circle. (b) P
ROPERTY ON LANDS.—In addition to the land taken into trust by subsection (a), the im-provements on and appurtenances thereto, in-cluding memorials, are and shall remain the property of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indi-ans. (c) R
EVISED MAPS.—Not later than one year after the date of a land transaction made pursu-ant to this section, the Tennessee Valley Au-thority, after consultation with the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians and the Secretary of the Interior, shall submit revised maps that de-pict the land taken into trust under this section, including any corrections made to the maps de-scribed in this section to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Sen-ate. (d) C
ONTOUR ELEVATION CLARIFICATION .—The contour elevations referred to in this Act are based on MSL Datum as established by the NGS Southeastern Supplementary Adjustment of 1936 (NGVD29). (e) C
ONDITIONS .—The lands taken into trust under this section shall be subject to the condi-tions described in section 5. 
SEC. 3. PERMANENT EASEMENTS TAKEN INTO TRUST FOR THE EASTERN BAND OF CHEROKEE INDIANS. 
(a) P ERMANENT EASEMENTS .—The following permanent easements for land below the 820-foot (MSL) contour elevation for the following Fed-eral lands in Monroe County, Tennessee, on the shores of Tellico Reservoir, are declared to be held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians: (1) C
HOTA PENINSULA .—Approximately 8.5 acres of land generally depicted as ‘‘Chota Me-morial 2’’ on the map titled ‘‘Eastern Band of Cherokee Historic Lands Reacquisition Map 3’’ and dated April 30, 2015. (2) C
HOTA -TANASI TRAIL .—Approximately 11.4 acres of land generally depicted as ‘‘Chota- Tanasi Trail’’ on the map titled ‘‘Eastern Band of Cherokee Historic Lands Reacquisition Map 3’’ and dated April 30, 2015. (b) R
EVISED MAPS.—Not later than one year after the date of a land transaction made pursu-ant to this section, the Tennessee Valley Au-thority, after consultation with the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians and the Secretary of the Interior, shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate revised maps that depict the lands sub-ject to easements taken into trust under this sec-tion, including any corrections necessary to the maps described in this section. (c) C
ONDITIONS .—The lands subject to ease-ments taken into trust under this section shall be subject to the use rights and conditions de-scribed in section 5. 
SEC. 4. TRUST ADMINISTRATION AND PURPOSES. 
(a) A PPLICABLE LAWS.—Except as described in section 5, the lands subject to this Act shall be administered under the laws and regulations generally applicable to lands and interests in lands held in trust on behalf of Indian tribes. (b) U
SE OF LAND.—Except the lands described in section 2(a)(2), the lands subject to this Act shall be used principally for memorializing and interpreting the history and culture of Indians and recreational activities, including manage-ment, operation, and conduct of programs of and for— (1) the Sequoyah birthplace memorial and mu-seum; (2) the memorials to Chota and Tanasi as former capitals of the Cherokees; (3) the memorial and place of reinterment for remains of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indi-ans and other Cherokee tribes, including those transferred to the Eastern Band of Cherokee In-dians and other Cherokee tribes and those human remains and cultural items transferred by the Tennessee Valley Authority to those Cherokee tribes under the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (25 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.); and (4) interpreting the Trail of Tears National Historic Trail. (c) USE OF SUPPORT PROPERTY .—The land de-scribed in section 2(a)(2) shall be used prin-cipally for the support of lands subject to this Act and the programs offered by the Tribe relat-ing to such lands and their purposes including— (1) classrooms and conference rooms; (2) cultural interpretation and education pro-grams; (3) temporary housing of guests participating in such programs or the management of the properties and programs; and (4) headquarters offices and support space for the trust properties and programs. (d) L
ANDUSE.—The principal purposes of the use of the land described in section 3(a)— (1) paragraph (1), shall be for a recreational trail from the general vicinity of the parking lot to the area of the Chota Memorial and beyond to the southern portion of the peninsula, includ-ing interpretive signs, benches, and other com-patible improvements; and (2) paragraph (2), shall be for a recreational trail between the Chota and Tanasi Memorials, including interpretive signs, benches, and other compatible improvements. 
SEC. 5. USE RIGHTS, CONDITIONS. 
(a) F LOODING OF LAND AND ROADS.—The Ten- nessee Valley Authority may temporarily and intermittently flood the lands subject to this Act that lie below the 824-foot (MSL) contour ele-vation and the road access to such lands that lie below the 824-foot (MSL) contour elevation. (b) F
ACILITIES AND STRUCTURES .—The Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians may construct, own, operate, and maintain— (1) water use facilities and nonhabitable structures, facilities, and improvements not sub-ject to serious damage if temporarily flooded on the land adjoining the Tellico Reservoir side of the lands subject to this Act that lie between the 815-foot and 820-foot (MSL) contour elevations, but only after having received written consent from the Tennessee Valley Authority and sub-ject to the terms of such approval; and (2) water use facilities between the 815-foot (MSL) contour elevations on the Tellico Res-ervoir side of the lands subject to this Act and the adjacent waters of Tellico Reservoir and in and on such waters after having received writ-ten consent from the Tennessee Valley Author-ity and subject to the terms of such approval, but may not construct, own, operate, or main-tain other nonhabitable structures, facilities, and improvements on such lands. (c) I
NGRESS AND EGRESS .—The Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians may use the lands subject to this Act and Tellico Reservoir for ingress and egress to and from such land and the waters of the Tellico Reservoir and to and from all struc-tures, facilities, and improvements maintained in, on, or over such land or waters. (d) R
IVER CONTROL AND DEVELOPMENT .—The use rights under this section may not be exer-cised so as to interfere in any way with the Ten-nessee Valley Authority’s statutory program for river control and development. (e) TVA A
UTHORITIES .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed to affect the right of the Ten-nessee Valley Authority to— (1) draw down Tellico Reservoir; (2) fluctuate the water level thereof as may be necessary for its management of the Reservoir; or (3) permanently flood lands adjacent to lands subject to this Act that lie below the 815-foot (MSL) contour elevation. (f) RIGHT OF ENTRY.—The lands subject to this Act shall be subject to a reasonable right of entry by the personnel of the Tennessee Valley Authority and agents of the Tennessee Valley Authority operating in their official capacities as necessary for purposes of carrying out the Tennessee Valley Authority’s statutory program for river control and development. (g) E
NTRY ONTO LAND.—To the extent that the Tennessee Valley Authority’s operations on the lands subject to this Act do not unreason-ably interfere with the Eastern Band of Cher-okee Indians’ maintenance of an appropriate setting for the memorialization of Cherokee his-tory or culture on the lands and its operations on the lands, the Eastern Band of Cherokee In-dians shall allow the Tennessee Valley Author-ity to enter the lands to clear, ditch, dredge, and drain said lands and apply larvicides and chemicals thereon or to conduct bank protection work and erect structures necessary in the pro-motion and furtherance of public health, flood control, and navigation. (h) L
OSS OF HYDROPOWER CAPACITY .—All fu- ture development of the lands subject to this Act shall be subject to compensation to the Ten-nessee Valley Authority for loss of hydropower capacity as provided in the Tennessee Valley Authority Flood Control Storage Loss Guideline, unless agreed to otherwise by the Tennessee Valley Authority. (i) P
ROTECTION FROM LIABILITY .—The United States shall not be liable for any loss or damage resulting from— (1) the temporary and intermittent flooding of lands subject to this Act; (2) the permanent flooding of adjacent lands as provided in this section; (3) wave action in Tellico Reservoir; or (4) fluctuation of water levels for purposes of managing Tellico Reservoir. (j) C
ONTINUING RESPONSIBILITIES .—The Ten- nessee Valley Authority shall— (1) retain sole and exclusive Federal responsi-bility and liability to fund and implement any environmental remediation requirements that are required under applicable Federal or State law for any land or interest in land to be taken into trust under this Act, as well as the assess-ments under paragraph (2) to identify the type and quantity of any potential hazardous sub-stances on the lands; (2) prior to the acquisition in trust, carry out an assessment and notify the Secretary of the Interior and the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indi-ans whether any hazardous substances were stored on the lands and, if so, whether those substances— (A) were stored for 1 year or more on the lands; (B) were known to have been released on the lands; or (C) were known to have been disposed of on the lands; and (3) if the assessment under paragraph (2) shows that hazardous substances were stored, released, or disposed of on the lands, include in its notice under paragraph (2) to the Secretary of the Interior and the Eastern Band of Cher-okee Indians— (A) the type and quantity of such hazardous substances; (B) the time at which such storage, release, or disposal took place on the lands; and (C) a description of any remedial actions, if any, taken on the lands. 
SEC. 6. LANDS SUBJECT TO THE ACT. 
For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘lands subject to this Act’’ means lands and interests in lands (including easements) taken into trust for the benefit of the Eastern Band of Cherokee In-dians pursuant to or under this Act. 
SEC. 7. GAMING PROHIBITION. 
No class II or class III gaming, as defined in the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act (25 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), shall be conducted on lands subject to this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16AP7.008 H16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3325 April 16, 2018 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, the Band Eastern of Cherokee Indians is a relatively small Tribe located in the Great Smoky Mountains of western North Carolina and is headquartered in Cherokee, North Carolina. The Tribe’s reserva-tion covers over 51,000 acres in a region known as the Qualla Boundary. After the completion of the Tellico Dam in Loudon County, Tennessee, in 1979, the Tribe continued in active communication with the Tennessee Valley Authority on any areas im-pacted that the Tribe believed was of historical significance to them. H.R. 146 would place approximately 96 acres of Tennessee Valley Authority land in Monroe County, Tennessee, along the shores of the Little Ten-nessee River and Tellico Reservoir into trust for the benefit of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians. Gaming pursuant to the Indian Gam-ing Regulatory Act would be prohib-ited. Most of the parcels to be placed in trust under this bill will be used for memorializing and interpreting the history of the Eastern Band of Cher-okee Indians, and the remaining par-cels will be used for recreational trails. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians is one of three feder-ally recognized Cherokee Tribes. Their ancestral homeland includes substan-tial parts of seven Eastern States, in-cluding Tennessee. In 1979, the completion of the Tellico Dam by the Tennessee Valley Author-ity caused a large area of their ances-tral lands along the Little Tennessee River to be flooded, covering many his-toric Tribal sites. The Cherokee can never recover those flooded lands, but there are other sites in the area that are in need of protection and preservation. H.R. 146 aids in this cause by trans-ferring approximately 76 acres of his-torically significant lands from the TVA to the United States to be held in trust for the Eastern Band of Cherokee. This would give the Eastern Band greater control over their historic homelands as well as the opportunity to memorialize the history and culture of the Cherokee people. I support this legislation and urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. F
LEISCHMANN ), the author of this meas-ure, a tireless advocate for the State of Tennessee. Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding, and the ranking member. I appreciate the great opportunity to address the House today. Mr. Speaker, I have spent a lot of time in this Chamber over the past 8 years, sometimes in sorrow when we have come together as a nation, some-times in celebration, a lot of highs and lows, but tonight is a very special night as I offer the Eastern Band Cher-okee Historic Lands Reacquisition Act. It is special for a lot of reasons, be-cause in my district, I represent an east Tennessee district of 11 wonderful counties, outstanding people, but I re-ceived a contact years ago from the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians, and they came to me, and they said: Con-gressman, will you please help us with a situation, with a problem, with a promise that was made and a promise that was unfulfilled to us? So I sat down with the Eastern Band of Cher-okee Indians. They are from North Carolina, a sister State to Tennessee. They told me the story. And, of course, we know the story of the Trail of Tears, where over 15,000 Cherokee were forcibly removed from their home in east Tennessee out West. Some avoided capture and stayed in this area, and they remain today. Some came back from the West and now are in a vibrant community in North Caro-lina. But the sadness of this broken prom-ise, another broken promise to our Na-tive Americans, was something that was staggering, because there is a place called Tanasi, T-A-N-A-S-I. Sound fa-miliar? That is what the great State of Tennessee, that area I represent, was named after, but this was the Cherokee capital in Monroe County, the area I represent today. Well, they were promised, a long time ago and a short time ago, that they would have the return of these 76 key acres. It is amazing. Even today, as I have fought for our Native Ameri-cans in our great State of Tennessee, we had to overcome stereotypes. Peo-ple said: Oh, gosh, they want to have a casino. We said: No. This is a return of their sacred homeland over their sacred cap-ital. So in this legislation, there is a no- gaming provision. This should be something that Mem-bers on both sides of the aisle, Repub-licans and Democrats, embrace as a matter of civil liberties, as a matter of doing the right thing, as a matter of keeping our broken promises made for a change. What are we going to do with this land? We are going to honor Sequoia, as we do in this great capital, we are going to honor Cherokee culture. What is great about this bill is our surrounding counties in Monroe Coun-ty, where this exists, in McMinn Coun-ty, in Polk County, counties I rep-resent, the local people want this. They want to bring the Cherokee back and honor the Cherokee. Can this undo the foils of history that happened to the Cherokee? No, it cannot. But this bill, in some meaning-ful way, can restore the Cherokee homeland to them, their capital to them. This is something I think all Americans can and should embrace. In this great people’s House in which we all serve, this is something that we all can vote for and all embrace. Keep this broken promise that was long overdue, honor Cherokee tradition, and do something that is really right for all Americans. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to do what we have done, embrace this bill, embrace this opportunity, and honor a great tradition in America, the Cherokee Na-tion. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues on both sides of this aisle, I thank my constituents at home for the privilege of representing the great State of Ten-nessee, and I thank my friends in the Cherokee Nation for asking that Tanasi be brought home where it be-longs. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire if the gentleman from Cali-fornia has any more speakers? Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I will close. Mr. Speaker, I support this legisla-tion and urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this great bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask for adoption of the measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 146, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.017 H16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3326 April 16, 2018 
JAMES K. POLK PRESIDENTIAL HOME STUDY ACT Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 443) to direct the Secretary of the Interior to study the suitability and feasibility of designating the James K. Polk Home in Columbia, Ten-nessee, as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 443 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘James K. Polk Presidential Home Study Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) in 1961, the James K. Polk Home was designated as a National Historic Landmark; and (2) in April 2015, the National Park Service completed a reconnaissance survey of the James K. Polk Home, in which the National Park Service— (A) determined that— (i) the James K. Polk Home is conclusively nationally significant; and (ii) a special resource study is needed to fully analyze the suitability, feasibility, and need for management of the James K. Polk Home by the National Park Service; and (B) recommended that Congress consider authorizing a special resource study for the James K. Polk Home and associated prop-erties. 
SEC. 3. STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the In-terior (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Sec-retary’’) shall conduct a special resource study of the site of the James K. Polk Home in Columbia, Tennessee, and adjacent prop-erty (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘site’’). (b) C
RITERIA .—The Secretary shall conduct the study under subsection (a) in accordance with section 100507 of title 54, United States Code. (c) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) evaluate the national significance of the site; (2) determine the suitability and feasi-bility of designating the site as a unit of the National Park System; (3) include cost estimates for any nec-essary acquisition, development, operation, and maintenance of the site; (4) consult with interested Federal, State, or local governmental entities, private and nonprofit organizations, or other interested individuals; and (5) identify alternatives for the manage-ment, administration, and protection of the site. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date on which funds are made available to carry out the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report that describes— (1) the findings and conclusions of the study; and (2) any recommendations of the Secretary. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. b1730 Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, President James K. Polk lived in Columbia, Tennessee, from 1819 until 1824. Other than the White House itself, the Columbia, Ten-nessee, site is the only surviving resi-dence of our 11th President. It is the repository of many original artifacts from his life. Although he served a single term, Polk left our Nation with a remarkable legacy of public accomplishments, in-cluding expansion of our Western terri-tories and the establishment of the U.S. Naval Academy. My home State of California owes him a particular debt of gratitude. Indeed, he made four campaign prom-ises and, in 4 years, he fulfilled all four. President Polk left office in 1849, and returned to Nashville, Tennessee, where he lived for 3 months before his death. The James K. Polk home in Colum-bia, Tennessee, was designated as a na-tional historic landmark in 1961. In April of 2015, the National Park Service completed a reconnaissance survey of the home and determined that the site warrants a special resource study. H.R. 443 would authorize the special resource study of the James K. Polk home to evaluate its national signifi-cance and the suitability and feasi-bility for a potential designation of the area as a unit of the National Park Service. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 443 authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to study the suitability of designating the James K. Polk home in Columbia, Tennessee, as a unit of the National Park System. The home is the only surviving resi-dence of our 11th President, President Polk, and contains over 1,300 artifacts and original documents. The National Park Service has pre-viously testified in support of this bill. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting the bill and helping us preserve an important part of our Nation’s his-tory. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DESJARLAIS ), the author of this meas-ure and another tireless advocate for Tennessee. Mr. D
ESJARLAIS. Mr. Speaker, as mentioned, the James K. Polk Presi-dential Home Study Act would require the Department of the Interior to study adding our 11th President’s only surviving residence to the National Park Service. The aim of my bill is to help the charity that currently main-tains the property in Columbia, Ten-nessee, to preserve it for future genera-tions. Two hundred years ago, Columbia was a frontier town in a new State. No-body knew the United States would eventually stretch from sea to shining sea, but James Polk had confidence and vision. He was a country lawyer who rose from the Tennessee State house to the Governor’s office, then to the House of Representatives here in Congress. James Polk was the only Speaker of the House to ever be elected President. Polk oversaw the establishment of the U.S. Naval Academy, the Smithso-nian Institution, and the Department of the Interior. Most importantly, he fulfilled his promise to Western settlers to expand the country’s boundaries to the Pa-cific. Without James Polk’s contribu-tions, the United States might not look like it does today, a strong, pros-perous Nation spanning a continent. The outcome was not always certain; however, today, we enjoy the fruits of President Polk’s often overlooked leg-acy. Many historians consider him to be the most successful pre-Civil War President. People in Columbia consider him a local hero. He is a national hero and deserves a place of honor in our National Park System. I appreciate Representative M
ARSHA  B
LACKBURN ’s support for my legislation to accomplish this goal. I also thank Senator L
AMAR ALEXANDER , who has offered companion legislation in the Senate, and we all anticipate progress. I want to thank the Columbia city leaders and the many volunteers who have tirelessly worked on this project and helped bring this issue to my at-tention. We all look forward to its con-tinued prosperity and recognition. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, if I may inquire as to whether the gen-tleman from California has any more speakers. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill and helping us pre-serve an important part of our Nation’s history. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Again, I want to thank the gentle-woman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.019 H16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3327 April 16, 2018 
for her support, and I ask for adoption of the measure. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 443. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NATIONAL MEMORIAL TO FALLEN EDUCATORS ACT Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 167) to designate a National Me-morial to Fallen Educators at the Na-tional Teachers Hall of Fame in Empo-ria, Kansas. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 167 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Memorial to Fallen Educators Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DESIGNATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The memorial to fallen educators located at the National Teachers Hall of Fame in Emporia, Kansas, is des-ignated as the ‘‘National Memorial to Fallen Educators’’. (b) E
FFECT OF DESIGNATION .—The national memorial designated by this section is not a unit of the National Park System and the designation of the National Memorial to Fallen Educators shall not require or permit Federal funds to be expended for any purpose related to that national memorial. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, S. 167 designates the ex-isting memorial to fallen educators at the National Teachers Hall of Fame in Emporia, Kansas, as the National Me-morial to Fallen Educators. We all know the life-inspiring and life-changing role that teachers play in each of our lives. I dare say that we, all of us, have had teachers whose influ-ence looms large through our lives be-cause of something they once did to in-spire, motivate, or equip us for the lives we lead through the decades that follow. Often, their influence on us only be-comes obvious as we look back on their role in our lives through the perspec-tive of the years, by which time we have often lost them or lost touch with them. It is through official acts like this before us today that we can ex-press our gratitude, if not individually, then collectively as a Nation. I would also like to say, on a per-sonal note, that our daughter, Shannah, began her career as a first grade teacher, and her mother and I couldn’t be more proud of her. The bill before us today is a small token of recognition to a small group of teachers, who not only dedicated their lives to teaching, but who gave their lives during the performance of their duties. On June 12, 2014, the National Teach-ers Hall of Fame in Emporia, Kansas, dedicated the memorial to the 119 edu-cators who have lost their lives while teaching since 1764. This bill gives Federal recognition to this memorial, while retaining it under the jurisdiction of the National Teach-ers Hall of Fame. No taxpayer money will be used for it, and management will not be transferred to the National Park Service. But the bill will give of-ficial Federal recognition to it as a small token of respect and apprecia-tion from the American people. I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 167 establishes Fed-eral designation to an existing memo-rial recognizing fallen educators from across our country at the National Teachers Hall of Fame in Emporia, Kansas. The Fallen Educators Memorial cur-rently includes the names of educators and faculty from Columbine to Sandy Hook and many others who have lost their lives while serving our Nation’s youth. The bill’s designation will serve to further honor the countless edu-cators that have given everything while on the job. I support this legislation, and urge my colleagues to vote in favor of pass-ing this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. This concludes six bills, all bipar-tisan, that have been reported out by the Natural Resources Committee today, and I think that is worthy of note. I want to again thank my Demo-cratic colleague, Ms. H
ANABUSA , for her support and bipartisan cooperation on these measures. I urge adoption of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 167. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 40 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. P
OEof Texas) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5192, PROTECTING CHILDREN FROM IDENTITY THEFT ACT Mr. NEWHOUSE, from the Com-mittee on Rules, submitted a privi-leged report (Rept. No. 115–640) on the resolution (H. Res. 830) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5192) to authorize the Commissioner of Social Security to provide confirmation of fraud protection data to certain per-mitted entities, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5444, TAXPAYER FIRST ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF H.R. 5445, 21ST CEN-TURY IRS ACT Mr. NEWHOUSE, from the Com-mittee on Rules, submitted a privi-leged report (Rept. No. 115–641) on the resolution (H. Res. 831) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5444) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modernize and improve the In-ternal Revenue Service, and for other purposes, and providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 5445) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve cybersecurity and taxpayer identity protection, and modernize the information technology of the Internal Revenue Service, and for other pur-poses, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.021 H16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3328 April 16, 2018 
will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 146, by the yeas and nays; and S. 167, by the yeas and nays; The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
EASTERN BAND OF CHEROKEE HISTORIC LANDS REACQUISITION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 146) to take certain Federal lands in Tennessee into trust for the benefit of the Eastern Band of Cher-okee Indians, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 383, nays 2, not voting 44, as follows: 
[Roll No. 140] YEAS—383 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—2 
Amash Pittenger 
NOT VOTING—44 
Bass Black Brady (PA) Bridenstine Butterfield Carbajal Costello (PA) Cramer Curbelo (FL) DeSantis Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Frankel (FL) Gottheimer Gowdy Gutie´rrez Jayapal Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Kelly (IL) Kennedy Lamborn Lujan Grisham, M. Maloney, Sean McSally Meng Neal Noem Olson Pascrell Pocan Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rush Scalise Shea-Porter Smith (WA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tsongas Wilson (FL) b1855 Messrs. CARSON of Indiana and KING of New York changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NATIONAL MEMORIAL TO FALLEN EDUCATORS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 167) to designate a National Me-morial to Fallen Educators at the Na-tional Teachers Hall of Fame in Empo-ria, Kansas, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 384, nays 1, not voting 44, as follows: 
[Roll No. 141] YEAS—384 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.025 H16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3329 April 16, 2018 
Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—1 
Amash 
NOT VOTING—44 
Bass Black Brady (PA) Bridenstine Butterfield Carbajal Castor (FL) Costello (PA) Cramer Curbelo (FL) DeSantis Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Frankel (FL) Gottheimer Gowdy Gutie´rrez Jayapal Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Kelly (IL) Kennedy Lamborn Lujan Grisham, M. Maloney, Sean McSally Meng Neal Noem Olson Pascrell Pocan Rice (NY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rush Scalise Shea-Porter Smith (WA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tsongas Wilson (FL ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1903 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 140 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 141. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, had I been presnt for rollcall vote 140 and rollcall vote 141 on Monday, April 16, 2018, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on both. 
f 
RESIGNATION AS CHAPLAIN OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
IG-
GINS of Louisiana) laid before the House the following resignation from the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CHAPLAIN  H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, 15 April 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, U.S. Capitol. D
EAR PAUL, the Peace of Christ! As you have requested, I hereby offer my resigna-tion as the 60th Chaplain of the United States House of Representatives. It has been an honor to serve the People’s House for these nearly seven years. After mutual con-sideration, it is determined my final day will be 24 May 2018. The position is one which I did not seek nor strive to assume, but I have seen it as a blessing and I have considered it one of the great privileges of my life. I wish all the best for the House of Rep-resentatives, and for your upcoming search for a worthy successor in the Office of the Chaplain. Sincerely, P
ATRICK J. C ONROY , S.J., Chaplain. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the resignation is accepted. There was no objection. 
f 
MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, April is Mathematics and Statistics Awareness Month. President Ronald Reagan designated this month in 1986. He said, in part: ‘‘Despite the increasing importance of mathematics to the progress of our economy and society, enrollment in mathematics programs has been de-clining at all levels of the American educational system. ‘‘Yet the application of mathematics is indispensable in such diverse fields as medicine, computer sciences, space exploration, the skilled trades, busi-ness, defense, and government. To help encourage the study and utilization of mathematics, it is appropriate that all Americans be reminded of the impor-tance of this basic branch of science to our daily lives.’’ Mr. Speaker, these words still reso-nate today. Math plays a significant role in ad-dressing many real-world problems: internet security, sustainability, dis-ease, and much more. Research in these and other areas is ongoing, revealing new results and ap-plications every day in fields such as medicine, manufacturing, energy, bio-technology, and business. In our growing technological world, the study of math and statistics is one that will continue to be critically im-portant. Happy Mathematics and Sta-tistics Awareness Month. f 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STAND-ARDS AND TECHNOLOGY CYBER-SECURITY FRAMEWORK UPDATE (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, today the National Institute of Standards and Technology, or NIST, published its first major update to its heralded cy-bersecurity framework. Since its re-lease 4 years ago, countless organiza-tions have used the framework to vol-untarily assess their cybersecurity risk posture, identify gaps, and implement best practices. This update adds timely guidance about managing supply chain cybersecurity risks, like those Russia exploited to damaging effect with the NotPetya malware. Since President Obama first directed its creation, NIST has employed a col-laborative approach to developing the framework with diverse stakeholders from government, private industry, academia, and civil society. The revi-sion process reflects this public-private partnership, and I thank the NIST team for their hard work drafting this update. I firmly believe that cybersecurity is not just an IT problem, and the frame-work’s approach reflects a broader risk-based decisionmaking process. However, an understanding of the eco-nomics of controls is essential if we ex-pect companies to adopt them volun-tarily, and I look forward to con-tinuing my work in this Chamber to deepen that understanding. 
f 
NATIONAL SEXUAL ASSAULT AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to draw attention to April as National Sexual Assault Awareness Month. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\APRIL\H16AP8.REC H16AP8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3330 April 16, 2018 
We know this is a problem across the country. In Minnesota alone, more than 60,000 Minnesotans are victimized by sexual violence each year, and of this number, 80 percent were women and nearly a third were under the age of 18. It is a time to educate the public about sexual violence and help commu-nities more effectively prevent it. It is also important, though, to rec-ognize the victims’ rights groups, so-cial workers, healthcare providers, and law enforcement personnel, who are working one-on-one with the victims of sexual violence, helping them seek jus-tice and repair their lives. Important organizations like Breaking Free are helping women escape trafficking, prostitution, and sexual exploitation. And Cornerstone, which is running do-mestic violence crisis hotlines, is help-ing victims get the assistance that they need to get back on their feet. Mr. Speaker, these are some of the organizations we have in Minnesota that are providing invaluable services to the victims at a time when they need it most. 
f 
TRUMP ADMINISTRATION’S WAR ON THE WORKING POOR (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I have never met a person who wakes up in the morning and says: I want to be poor today. That is just not the reality. Yet my colleagues across the aisle, and their friends in the White House, keep pushing this false narrative that people who rely on government assist-ance to make ends meet are moochers who take government handouts and buy drugs. Mr. Speaker, in my district, 17.9 per-cent of households rely on SNAP to feed their families. They aren’t lazy. They aren’t addicts. They are hard-working people, some of them with two and three jobs, just trying to make ends meet. The United States Government should be making it easier for Ameri-cans to maintain a decent standard of living. Let us end this administration’s war on the working poor and help make better lives for all of our citi-zens. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE AMERICAN ASSO-CIATION OF ORAL AND MAXILLO-FACIAL SURGEONS (Mr. BURGESS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 100th anniver-sary of the American Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons. Founded in 1918 by 29 dentists, the or-ganization has grown to include more than 9,000 members today. Oral and maxillofacial surgery is the surgical arm of dentistry. These doc-tors are a critical component of the medical profession. They practice in a variety of settings, including private clinical practice, ambulatory surgery centers, and hospitals. They also pro-vide service in academia, the military, and the research industry. Many of these surgeons reside and provide crit-ical patient care in my home State of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today, I recognize the members of the American Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons for their work, and I offer my support for their mission to ensure excellence in patient care by advancing, promoting, and preserving the specialty of oral and maxillofacial surgery. f 
INVEST IN AMERICAN WORKERS (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, according to the Aspen Institute, from 1996 to 2008, the percentages of American workers receiving employer- sponsored training, on-the-job training, as it were, has fallen by 40 percent. With a growing skills gap, and Amer-ican businesses unable to fill 6.3 mil-lion jobs due to a lack of qualified can-didates, it is imperative that Congress incentivizes investments in worker training. That is why I introduced the Investing in American Workers Act last Friday. This forward-thinking legislation provides a 20 percent tax credit to small and midsized companies that in-crease their investments in worker training over a given year. Eligible programs include apprenticeships, spe-cialized community college courses, and those offered by employers or in-dustry associations. This is a win-win for American employers and employ-ees, helping American companies com-pete globally and helping workers ob-tain higher wages and long-term job se-curity. Our workforce is the foundation of our economy, and we cannot ignore the consequences of failing, as a country, to invest in American workers. 
f 
b1915 VIII SUMMIT OF THE AMERICAS (Mr. STEWART asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, the VIII Summit of the Americas was held this past weekend, April 13 and 14. These gatherings of government leaders in the Western Hemisphere are only held once every 3 years. While together, they discuss common policy issues; they affirm shared values; and they commit to address challenges facing the Americas. This year the summit was held in Lima, Peru. Two years ago, I cofounded the Con-gressional Caucus on Peru with my col-league from New York, Mr. MEEKS . I launched the caucus to not only strengthen the U.S.-Peruvian relation-ship, but also because Utah has such a special relationship with Peru. Peru-vians are the second largest immigrant group in Utah, and approximately 40,000 are living in our State. Given that Peru is a major player in trade, education, and technology in Latin America, I strongly believe that it is critical that we maintain a strong con-nection. As co-chair of the Peruvian Caucus and a supporter of stability in the re-gion, it was wonderful to see these world leaders commit to strengthening democracy, while also fighting against corruption and human rights viola-tions. I look forward to continued co-operation among American nation- states. I was recently in the region. It is a beautiful place with beautiful people, but they are facing severe challenges, and we want to support them. 
f 
NATIONAL SCIENCE BOWL COMPETITORS (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the hard work of the students and coaches from two schools in New Jersey’s 12th District, West Windsor-Plainsboro High School North and Princeton Charter School, as they advance to compete in the 2018 National Science Bowl. Sponsored by the Department of En-ergy, the National Science Bowl is a nationwide academic competition that tests students’ knowledge in all areas of science and mathematics. Since its inception in 1991, it has hosted more than 275,000 competitors. These tal-ented young minds from my district will join those ranks, competing for a chance to win funding for their respec-tive schools’ science departments. I wish the coaches and the teams the best of luck as they show off their knowledge, their talent, and their prep-aration against the country’s future science stars. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF RUSSELL JIM (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and memory of Russell Jim, an elder of the Yakama Nation, who was highly regarded as a champion for central Washington’s en-vironment. Russell had a deep understanding of the Yakama Nation’s culture, the re-gion’s natural resources, and the Han-ford nuclear site. He spent his life and career protecting our environment and advocating for responsible nuclear waste management. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.031 H16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3331 April 16, 2018 
He managed the Tribe’s Environ-mental Restoration and Waste Manage-ment program for almost 40 years and served in Tribal leadership for almost 60. Russell was a key player in pre-venting Hanford from becoming the Nation’s repository for radioactive waste, and he received an honorary doctorate degree from Heritage Univer-sity for his work. Russell Jim will be remembered for his knowledge and passion for the Yakama Nation and their way of life. My thoughts are with his family at this difficult time, and I urge my col-leagues to join me in honoring his memory. 
f 
SEXUAL ASSAULT AWARENESS MONTH (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as my colleague has already mentioned, this is Sexual Assault Awareness Month, a very important statement for preventing violence against women, men, boys, and girls. I rise today to say that it is still of great concern to all of us, and particularly young women. One in five women in this country have been raped, and four out of five rape victims are under the age of 25. Girls and young women between the ages of 16 and 24 experience the highest rate of intimate partner violence, al-most triple the national average. This is the time for us to join to-gether. In a few weeks, I will be intro-ducing the reauthorization of the Vio-lence Against Women Act. It is legisla-tion that has drawn bipartisan support. I look forward to the support of my colleagues, Republicans and Demo-crats, because it will emphasize crit-ical services such as transitional hous-ing, legal assistance, and supervised visitation services, but, more impor-tantly, working with the police and law enforcement community’s prevent-ative measures and working with out-reach for boys and men. Prevention is part of this legislation as well as protecting our survivors, as well as educating people against this dastardly act. I look forward to the in-troduction of this legislation and those who will join me—men and women—to support the reauthorization of the Vio-lence Against Women Act for 2018. 
f 
THIS IS THE LAST YEAR AMERI-CANS WILL FILE UNDER OUR OLD TAX CODE (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of the last year that Americans will ever have to file under our old, outdated Tax Code. Starting next year, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will take full effect. That means the annual hassle associated with filing taxes will be done away with for most Americans, who will be able to file on a form as simple as a postcard. Most Americans will also find the new, simpler Tax Code will also be more beneficial to their families finan-cially. For example, the standard de-duction will be nearly doubled to $12,000 for individuals and $24,000 for families, and the child tax credit is doubled to $2,000. Throughout this entire process, some of my colleagues have attempted to market this historic tax reform as Ar-mageddon or the increase they are going to keep in their paycheck as crumbs. Well, people are keeping more of what they have earned and will con-tinue to do so as this bill takes full ef-fect. The flood of bonuses and new in-vestments in employees by companies across the U.S. is evidence to the con-trary of that ‘‘Armageddon’’ or ‘‘crumbs’’ talk. This time next year, the vast major-ity of Americans will have a simpler, more lucrative tax filing process to look forward to for themselves and their families. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF KELSEY MEADOWS (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Kelsey Meadows. Kelsey attended the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas on October 1. Kelsey was known by her parents as a miracle child. She went into heart failure at 6 weeks old, but survived. Growing up, Kelsey was a tomboy who chose jeans, boots, fishing, and hunting over everything else. She was a gifted teacher who dem-onstrated a skill and passion for her career. Kelsey had a sweet spirit and a love for children. She loved country music and was a Denver Broncos fan. Her friends and family will never forget the big smile she always had on her face. I would like to extend my condo-lences to Kelsey Meadows’ family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
f 
TAX REFORM (Mr. GAETZ asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, tax day is a frustrating day for most Americans because filing taxes is hard. The Tax Code is extremely long and complex, and filing taxes is a complicated mess of forms and paperwork. American families spend $378 billion a year on tax preparation. That is enough money to send every U.S. fam-ily to Disney World. As a Floridian, I think that would be fantastic. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will make things easier next year. This simple system will allow American families to see rising income and more economic opportunity. It will allow businesses to grow and expand and achieve even greater economic potential. I am proud that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was passed, and I look for-ward to the continuing progress of the American people. f 
D.C. RESIDENTS ARE AMERICAN CITIZENS WHO HAVE OVERPAID FOR THEIR CITIZENSHIP (Ms. NORTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, marking the signing of President Lin-coln’s proclamation freeing slaves in the Nation’s Capital, is a local holiday in the District of Columbia. Many D.C. residents worked anyway. Activist groups in the District of Co-lumbia, including DC Vote, brought residents here, who got more Members to sign on to our D.C. statehood bill to end taxation without representation for D.C. residents, who are number one per capita in taxes paid to support the Federal Government, but with no vot-ing Representatives on this House floor and no Senators at all. Even more shameful, as this poster shows, D.C.’s war casualties have often outnumbered those of the States, more than 10 States during the Vietnam war, for example. D.C. residents are American citizens who have overpaid for their citizenship. It is time for Congress to pay back. 
f 
COACH CARL IRLBECK INDUCTED TO THE TEXAS HIGH SCHOOL BASKETBALL HALL OF FAME (Mr. ARRINGTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the newest inductee to the Texas High School Basketball Hall of Fame, my former coach and dear friend, Carl Irlbeck. Mr. Irlbeck coached for 48 years, had over 1,000 wins, and was the 1994 Texas Basket-ball Coach of the Year. But it is not his win-loss record that will be most remembered; it is his abil-ity to shape the character of those he coached. The best coaches teach us how to be successful in the game of life more than any particular sport, and he did just that for almost five decades. He taught us that preparation and perspiration were 90 percent of win-ning. He preached the importance of playing as a team, and he modeled grace in victory as well as defeat. I still apply the principles I learned as a Plainview Bulldog under the strong and loving leadership of Coach Carl Irlbeck. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.032 H16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3332 April 16, 2018 
Congratulations to Coach Irlbeck on a much-deserved honor in the Texas High School Basketball Hall of Fame. God bless the Irlbeck family. Go Bulldogs, and go west Texas. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND WORK OF LOU VOLPE (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a pillar of our community who has had a profound in-fluence on the lives of so many stu-dents in our community in Bucks County and beyond. Lou Volpe, who dedicated 44 years of service to the students of Harry S. Tru-man High School in my hometown of Levittown, retired in 2013 as its long-time theater director. Recently, Lou was inducted into the Bucks County Playhouse Hall of Fame, an event I was honored to attend, join-ing the likes of Oscar Hammerstein and Angela Lansbury, among others. Throughout his esteemed career, Lou has left an indelible mark on the thou-sands of students he taught. Under his leadership, Truman regularly partici-pated in the Student Theater Festival at the Bucks County Playhouse. A pinnacle of his career included a coveted invitation to the Thespian Fes-tival at the University of Nebraska for his production of ‘‘Good Boys and True.’’ Mr. Speaker, fortunately for us, Lou’s legacy will live on with the new NBC TV series ‘‘Rise,’’ of which his tenure at Truman served as an inspira-tion. It is comforting to know that this theatrical brilliance of Lou’s will live on in our community and in our Nation for decades, and I ask all of my col-leagues in this House of Representa-tives, Democrat and Republican, to honor Lou for his incredible service to our community and to our country. 
f 
b1930 HONORING THE LIFE OF OFFICER KEVIN CROSSLEY (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Whitesboro Police Offi-cer Kevin Crossley. Officer Crossley tragically lost his life on Wednesday night in a car accident while on patrol in his hometown in the village of Whitesboro in Oneida County, New York. He was a 7-year member of the Whitesboro Police Department, after being hired full time in 2011, while first serving there as an intern. He also worked part time as an officer for the Whitestown Police Department, and previously served in the Whitestown Fire Department. Growing up in Whitesboro, Officer Crossley knew almost everyone in the village. The community loved and trusted him. His whole life’s dream was to protect and serve the community and its residents. He arrived at work every day with a smile on his face and a positive attitude. Through numerous local and county police salutes, community processions, and testimonials from friends and fam-ily, it is clear how much Officer Crossley was beloved by his colleagues and our entire community. Officer Crossley’s service, dedication, and love for our community was unparalleled, and we cannot thank him enough for his honorable service. Law enforcement officers put their lives on the line every day to ensure the safety of our families and our com-munities. We are eternally grateful for their dedication and service to our Na-tion. Officer Kevin Crossley is a hero, and the village of Whitesboro and all of us were blessed by his honorable service to us. We offer our deepest condolences to his family and friends and col-leagues on the loss of a dear friend and a wonderful community servant. f 
APPOINTMENT OF SECOND SPECIAL COUNSEL NEEDED The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the topic of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I am here tonight to speak out on the urgent need for the appointment of a second special counsel in light of evidence that raises serious concerns about deci-sions, activities, and inherent bias dis-played at the highest levels of the De-partment of Justice and Federal Bu-reau of Investigation with regard to FISA abuse, how and why the Hillary Clinton email probe ended, and how and why the Donald Trump Russia probe began. The concerns of the American public are serious, and the issues requiring an immediate, unbiased, independent, and thorough investigation are broad. Mr. Speaker, the DOJ and FBI can-not be expected to investigate them-selves. I acknowledge, with immense gratitude, that nearly every single man and woman in the DOJ and FBI con-ducts themselves daily with integrity, independence, patriotism, objectivity, and commitment to the rule of law. A special counsel is of the utmost impor-tance to ensure that these historic, leg-endary, and necessary agencies move forward more respected and effective than ever before. Tonight I am joined by my colleagues from across this country, and we will hear from each and every one of them. Following these speakers, I will be going into much greater detail on the many specifics on why the Attorney General must immediately appoint a second special counsel to conduct a thorough and independent investiga-tion of our significant concerns. Without any further ado, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GAETZ ) who has been a leader in this cause to fight for justice and equality under the law. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York for yielding, and also for leading on the great ques-tion of whether or not we should have a second special counsel to evaluate the misconduct of the FBI and the De-partment of Justice in pursuing un-founded and inappropriate warrants to spy on a member of the Trump transi-tion team without due process and without proper protocol. One of the reasons I join the gen-tleman from New York in this call is that, currently, the person making critical decisions regarding Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump and this narrative regarding Russia is Rod Rosenstein; and I believe Mr. Rosen-stein has a series of conflicts of inter-est, each of which would independently disqualify him from overseeing this re-view; and yet, he continues. That is troubling to me, and it is one of the reasons why we need to have a second special counsel. In fact, it was Mr. Rosenstein who signed a FISA warrant renewal to spy on Carter Page. He did this, even though the FBI and Department of Jus-tice knew that Christopher Steele, the author of the dossier that was the prin-cipal basis for that warrant had been deemed uncredible and had said things that were not true to the FBI. Mr. Rosenstein also signed pleadings seeking to silence a witness who may have had information regarding the sale of uranium to Russians. Mr. Rosenstein took no real action against Bruce Ohr, a senior official at the De-partment of Justice, even though Mr. Ohr failed to report the facts that his wife was moonlighting as a researcher to dig up dirt on Donald Trump and then commingle that dirt with lies told by Russians and folks from Hillary Clinton’s campaign and the DNC. Mr. Rosenstein allowed Bob Mueller to pick a biased team, people who had gone to Hillary Clinton’s election night party, people who had represented the Clinton Foundation when they had been accused of not producing public documents. Mr. Rosenstein could have stepped in. He could have demanded a higher standard in the assembly of that team, but he didn’t. Mr. Rosenstein wrote a secret memo to expand the scope of the Russia in-vestigation. He approved the raid on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.034 H16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3333 April 16, 2018 
Mr. Trump’s personal lawyer. He took no action on criminal referrals well laid out by Senators G
RASSLEY and G
RAHAM , Mr. D ESANTIS and others, in-dicating that Christopher Steele and Glenn Simpson had lied to the FBI and potentially had failed to register as agents of a foreign government as they were seeking to lobby for changes to the Magnitsky Act. But when Mr. Rosenstein’s own ac-tion was questioned, when his own pro-priety, when his own integrity was called to bear as a consequence of his participation in the illegal spying by our government on American citizens, well, he didn’t go seek the same special counsel remedy that he sought to go after Mr. Trump. He went and picked his own employees to investigate him-self. I agree with the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ), that that is a stand-ard that erodes our trust in the rule of law. When you have got one set of rules for the Clintons and the FBI and the deep state and another set of rules for anyone that has had anything to do with Mr. Trump, we deprive ourselves of the ability to find the facts, and to ensure that people who have truly bro-ken the law are held accountable. I support Mr. Z
ELDIN ’s call for a sec-ond special counsel. I would note that this is an organic call from the mem-bership of this body. It began with sev-eral members of the Judiciary Com-mittee in July. Under Mr. Z
ELDIN ’s leadership, we have had a number of Republican colleagues sign on, includ-ing the majority leader of the House and the whip of the House. So we invite and encourage our leadership to con-tinue to support these efforts so that we can restore the rule of law in this country. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida, as he pointed out, and our next speaker signed as well at the end of February, February 28, a letter signed by over a dozen of our colleagues to AG Sessions calling for the appointment of a second special counsel. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from New York (Ms. T
ENNEY ). Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ) for hosting tonight’s really im-portant Special Order. I might just add, as a side note, that Mr. Z
ELDIN and I are very aware of cor-ruption firsthand; I, as a former mem-ber of the Assembly, and him as a former member of the New York State Senate. Today is actually the day of former speaker Sheldon Silver’s second trial. He is being tried for corruption in New York, so we know what it is like to fight the good fight on that. But I want to just highlight why it is so important and why I agreed to sign on to Mr. Z
ELDIN ’s letter appointing a second special counsel. Recent evi-dence has emerged raising serious con-cerns about decisions and activities at the Department of Justice, the DOJ, and the FBI regarding FISA abuse. I keep saying FISA, but for everyone, so they should know, it is the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, and it is why the Clinton probe ended and why the Trump Russia probe began. It ap-pears that, for political gain, key Fed-eral employees at the FBI and the De-partment of Justice deliberately mis-led our FISA courts and pursued a par-tisan political agenda. The FISA memo detailing these abuses of power stated: ‘‘Top Obama administration officials knowingly used unverified information paid for by the Hillary Clinton campaign, some of which came from Russian intelligence, in a secret court document to justify a counterintelligence investigation of the Trump campaign during the 2016 Presidential election. This corrupt process was later the basis for a cam-paign to sabotage the incoming Trump administration and to fuel a witch hunt against the President.’’ The American people deserve to know if our government is misusing powerful surveillance methods to exact political revenge, especially if it is be-fore a FISA court. This behavior by those entrusted to impartially serve the public threatens to the core the in-tegrity and vibrancy of our constitu-tional republic. The American people are starting to get it. A recent Harvard CAPS-Harris Poll survey concluded that 67 percent of Americans support a second special counsel; 75 percent of those are Repub-licans, 60 percent are Democrats, and 69 percent are independents. This is a significant majority of Americans ranging from all sides of the political spectrum. Tonight, Mr. Speaker, I stand along-side my distinguished colleagues to en-courage Attorney General Jeff Sessions to appoint a second special counsel. Simply appointing Attorney John Huber to lead an internal Justice De-partment review of Special Counsel Robert Mueller is a step in the right di-rection, but I don’t believe it is far enough. The American people deserve nothing less than full transparency. Working alongside congressional leaders, I will continue to fight to ensure these seri-ous matters are investigated, and en-courage investigations where necessary to restore the public trust. We must demand accountability across the board. It is the only way we are going to restore public trust in our institutions of government and to re-store the rule of law and order in our communities. I thank the gentleman for his leader-ship on this issue as a member of the Financial Services Committee, but also, importantly, as a member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, and also serving honorably as a distinguished member of our Armed Forces in the Army. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Blue Star Mom C
LAUDIA TENNEY for being here and for her leadership on this important cause as well. Mr. Speaker, I thank all of my distin-guished colleagues who we have heard from, and additional colleagues who will be out here shortly. We are laying out the very important case here to-night why a second special counsel is needed with regard to misconduct at the highest levels of the DOJ and FBI related to FISA abuse; how and why the Hillary Clinton email probe ended; how and why the Trump Russia probe began. Mr. Speaker, we cannot expect the DOJ and FBI to fully investigate them-selves. I have a great amount of respect for everyone at the Justice Department who has served and continues to serve for all of the right reasons, as I men-tioned earlier, integrity, independence, patriotism, objectivity, and commit-ment to the rule of law. A special counsel can ensure trans-parency and accountability so that these historic, legendary, and nec-essary agencies can move forward with their important mission better than ever before. The list of concerns that warrant an immediate and independent investiga-tion is long and growing by the day. First, tonight I will discuss the mis-conduct with regard to how and why the Hillary Clinton email probe ended. Next, we will cover FISA abuse. And fi-nally, we will discuss the manner in which the Trump-Russia probe began, was extended, continued, and became a special counsel probe. But before discussing each of these topics individually, it is important to address the political bias that has ex-isted among individuals at the highest levels of the DOJ and FBI. First, there was FBI Agent Peter Strzok, who was the chief of the FBI’s counter-espio-nage section. Additionally, there was Agent Strzok’s mistress, FBI counsel Lisa Page. Aside from the fact that they were in love, it is important to note that these two individuals exchanged many texts detailing their personal bi-ases, overcoming their better judgment in performance of their duties. Text messages exchanged between Strzok and Page during the period of August 16, 2015, to May 17, 2017, show substantial evidence of politicizing Federal law enforcement and improp-erly handling investigations within the agency. The texts contain egregious evidence of bias against President Trump, before and after the November 2016 election. Page would write: ‘‘Trump should go F—- himself.’’ Strzok would text: ‘‘F— - Trump.’’ Now, that is barely even starting to scratch the surface with those two. It is also worth noting that their texts, for some reason, were not stored within the FBI archives system, an egregious oversight blamed on a tech-nical glitch. And even after these mes-sages were partially recovered by the agency’s inspector general in 2018, many unanswered questions remain re-garding impropriety and bias. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.036 H16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3334 April 16, 2018 
Then there was DOJ senior official Bruce Ohr, fourth in command at the agency. While the DOJ and FBI were improperly submitting FISA applica-tions based on Fusion GPS’ work on behalf of the DNC and Hillary Clinton campaign, it was never disclosed that Bruce Ohr’s wife worked at Fusion GPS, and that he served as the middle-man between Christopher Steele and the Justice Department. Then there was FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, whose wife, Dr. Jill McCabe, was running for Virginia State Senate, and received $675,000 in donations from the Virginia Demo-cratic Party and Common Good VA, the leadership PAC controlled by Democratic Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe, a long-time Clinton asso-ciate. These are just a few of the many highlights of partisan bias at the high-est levels of DOJ and FBI. That list, and the evidence, runs much, much deeper. b1945 The Hillary Clinton email probe: While these various rogue agents were busy trying to obstruct Donald Trump from day one, they were failing to properly complete their investiga-tion into the Hillary Clinton email controversy. During her tenure as Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton violated Federal law and State Department rules, regu-lations, and protocol by using a private email server in her Chappaqua, New York, home. She would transmit emails that contained sensitive infor-mation or classified material on this unsecured server. This use of a private server was meant to blatantly get around FOIA and to avoid having to turn over incriminating emails in the case of a subpoena. Her plan proved to be partially suc-cessful when various sensitive emails subject to grand jury and congressional subpoenas were destroyed through bleach biting and the destruction of hardware before they could be obtained by investigators. The FBI, led by then-Director James Comey, began an incomplete investiga-tion into this serious issue. And ac-cording to transcripts obtained by the Senate Judiciary Committee, Comey was prepared to exonerate Secretary Clinton as early as April or May of 2016 when he began to draft a statement an-nouncing the end of his investigation before up to 17 key witnesses, including former Secretary Clinton herself and several of her closest aides, were even interviewed. Cheryl Mills, who served as counselor and chief of staff to Hillary Clinton during her whole tenure as United States Secretary of State, was offered immunity from prosecution by the FBI during its investigation in exchange for access to her laptop that contained many of the questionable emails. Why? And after watching President Trump’s personal attorney last week get a no-knock raid of his home and of-fice, that is especially troubling how the scales of justice are just not equal under the law. That is a big problem. Back to Comey, now he contradicted those transcripts I mentioned when he stated during sworn testimony before the House Judiciary Committee on September 28 of 2016 that he made the decision not to recommend criminal charges for Hillary Clinton after she was interviewed by the FBI on July 2, 2016. That was a flat-out lie under oath. Former Director Comey, in the final draft of his statement, allowed Peter Strzok to replace ‘‘grossly negligent,’’ which is legally punishable under Fed-eral law, with ‘‘extremely careless,’’ which is not legally punishable under Federal law. Federal law states that gross neg-ligence in handling our Nation’s intel-ligence can be punished criminally with prison time and/or fines. And then there was the infamous tarmac meeting on June 27, 2016, just days before Hillary Clinton would end up being exonerated. Attorney General Loretta Lynch had a covert meeting with Hillary Clinton’s husband, former President Bill Clinton, aboard AG Lynch’s plane on the tarmac in Phoe-nix, Arizona. The likelihood of this conversation being just small talk was zero. And let’s not forget that it was AG Lynch who insisted that the Hillary Clinton email probe not even be called an investigation. Instead, she insisted it be called a matter, as if the Clinton campaign were driving the bus of the investigation and calling the shots. Soon after, Comey violated DOJ rules and unilaterally exonerated then-Pres-idential candidate Hillary Clinton in a public statement to the media. One day later, on July 6, 2016, an announcement followed from AG Lynch that the DOJ investigation into then-Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton would be for-mally closed, with no criminal charges. This seemingly endless trail of crimes and misconduct relating to Hil-lary Clinton’s emails did not end there. In September 2016, the FBI, during an examination of the personal laptop of former Congressman Anthony Weiner, as part of an unrelated investigation into him sending sexually explicit mes-sages to a teenage girl, discovered pre-viously unexamined State Department classified emails belonging to his spouse, top Clinton aide Huma Abedin. The man within the FBI tasked with examining these additional emails was—guess who—FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, whose wife was then in the midst of a Virginia State senate campaign generously supported by Clinton operatives and Clinton-allied money. It then took until October 28 of 2016 for Comey to announce, via a letter to the chairmen of the relevant congres-sional committees, that he was reopen-ing the investigation, an additional egregious delay after McCabe failed to even examine the illicit emails for at least 3 weeks after the FBI discovered them on Anthony Weiner’s computer. The DOJ’s inspector general is still conducting an investigation into whether then-FBI Deputy Director McCabe and other FBI officials sought to purposely delay the release of these illicit emails for politically motivated purposes. Hillary Clinton’s privileged status her whole career, and especially during the Obama administration, as above the law doesn’t end with her legal mis-use of classified emails. Throughout the Obama administra-tion, while she was serving as Sec-retary of State, and later as she was running for President, the Department of Justice also failed to fully inves-tigate serious concerns surrounding the connection between her, her hus-band, and the Clinton Foundation to Russian-controlled company Uranium One, which received State Department approval to purchase American ura-nium mines in 2010. Also in 2010, while Russian state in-terests were working to both acquire a majority stake in Uranium One and to purchase American mines, Bill Clinton was paid $500,000 for a speech in Mos-cow by a Kremlin-linked Russian in-vestment bank that was underwriting Uranium One stock. Nothing to see here, right? The Obama DOJ ignored an FBI probe on the matter. A confidential in-formant who worked with the FBI to uncover bribery and other corruption related to the Uranium One matter was threatened with reprisal by the Justice Department under AG Lynch when he tried to come forward in 2016. The Senate Judiciary Committee launched a probe in October of 2017 to investigate the Uranium One issue, in-cluding whether Federal agencies such as the State Department knew the FBI was looking into possible corruption before the deal was approved. Mr. Speaker, this again brings home the urgent need for an independent and fair investigation. Collusion with corrupt Russian ac-tors is, indeed, a very serious concern and a threat to U.S. national security, especially when critical resources that impact national and global security, such as uranium, are up for grabs to questionable companies that were not properly scrutinized due to their con-nections with an influential family. FISA abuse: Mr. Speaker, there are also very seri-ous concerns that, in October 2016, the FBI and DOJ used politically biased, unverified sources to improperly ob-tain a FISA warrant to spy on an American citizen. This warrant grant-ed U.S. intelligence and law enforce-ment agencies sweeping power to col-lect bulk information and conduct ‘‘about collection,’’ which results in surveillance of a broad array of private communications from the past, present, and future, including those of U.S. citizens not specifically targeted in a FISA-authorized warrant. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.037 H16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3335 April 16, 2018 
To obtain these warrants, FBI and DOJ officials submitted an unverified dossier prepared by Christopher Steele to the FISA court, failing to disclose that Christopher Steele was hired by the firm Fusion GPS, which was hired by the Democratic National Com-mittee and Hillary Clinton campaign to prepare this dossier, and that the source was unreliable and soon there-after was going to be terminated as an asset. The FISA court was not informed that Christopher Steele was actively opposed to the election of Donald Trump, that he was the unnamed source cited in the media reports that the FBI used to corroborate his dossier, and that Fusion GPS had been hired to perform previous anti-Trump research efforts in 2015. The Woods Procedures, which are the FBI’s mandatory vetting process re-quired for all FISA warrant applica-tions, instituted to ensure that all facts contained in an application are accurate and verified to clearly support probable cause for the warrant, was clearly not followed. Former-Director Comey then admit-ted in sworn testimony to the Senate Judiciary Committee on June 8, 2017, that material contained in the Steele dossier was known to be both salacious and unverified. Since FISA applications are rarely turned down and almost never subject to appeal, are presented in closed court with no public record where the gov-ernment is not challenged by any de-fense, it is imperative that the govern-ment take extra care to validate the information being utilized to build their case before they take the extraor-dinary step of waiving rights of a U.S. citizen without his or her knowledge or the opportunity to defend themselves. These are secret documents sub-mitted to a secret court to spy on an American citizen. The government has a responsibility not only to provide the best evidence they have in support of their case, but to also provide the best evidence that they have against their case. These deeply flawed and questionable FISA warrant applications utilizing il-licit sources and politically biased in-telligence were approved by DOJ and FBI officials at the highest levels be-fore being submitted to the FISA court. It was further not disclosed to the FISA court, as I referenced earlier, that the wife of the fourth ranking DOJ official, Bruce Ohr, was an em-ployee of Fusion GPS, and Christopher Steele directly transmitted the dossier and other information through Bruce Ohr for submission to the FISA court. Let’s talk about how and why the Trump-Russia probe began. Mr. Speaker, make no mistake, the Trump-Russia probe was launched be-cause Donald Trump won the GOP nomination for President of the United States. It is clear why DOJ and FBI didn’t want to turn over the memo opening the investigation. They didn’t come up with a sufficient alternative justifica-tion to start the probe. The Trump- Russia probe was then continued be-cause Trump became very close to pos-sibly being elected President of the United States. It is clear why DOJ and FBI didn’t want the Nunes memo released: they broke the rules and misled a FISA court to improperly secure a warrant to spy on a U.S. citizen. The Trump-Russia probe then be-came a special counsel probe because Donald Trump subsequently won the election, and the FBI Director then il-legally leaked classified info to the media to trigger a special counsel ap-pointment. Director Comey had prepared a series of seven memos containing classified information, including notes on his conversations with President Trump. He then admitted in sworn testimony to the Senate Committee on Intel-ligence in June 2017 that he had leaked this classified content to a personal friend and encouraged that friend to share the material with the press. That is a blatant violation of Federal law meant to protect sensitive infor-mation from falling into the wrong hands. An investigation conducted by the Senate Judiciary Committee later re-vealed that the personal friend of Di-rector Comey was Professor Daniel Richman of Columbia Law School, and that Mr. Comey provided him with four of the seven memoranda, all containing classified information. Mr. Speaker, in closing, with all of this grievous misconduct at the high-est levels of the DOJ and FBI, the bla-tant violations of the Constitution and law, and so many serious unanswered questions, this matter must be inves-tigated by someone who can act inde-pendently from outside the Justice De-partment. The nearly 2
1⁄2years that the Trump- Russia probe has continued on with zero accountability still appears to be without any evidence that President Trump colluded with the Russians. These have been some of the most tu-multuous years in the history of the FBI and DOJ, but with transparency and accountability, these awesome agencies can get everything back on track. In March 2018, former FBI Director McCabe was fired by AG Jeff Sessions, who noted that Deputy Director McCabe ‘‘lacked candor—including under oath—on multiple occasions’’ and had partaken in ‘‘unauthorized dis-closure to the news media.’’ This is among other violations noted in a re-port issued by the FBI Office of Inspec-tor General after a wide-reaching in-vestigation into McCabe’s conduct. A myriad of other DOJ and FBI per-sonnel have been fired, demoted, or re-signed during these past few years: Former FBI Director Comey; chief of staff to the Director, James Rybicki; FBI General Counsel James Baker; FBI Agent Peter Strzok; FBI Counsel Lisa Page; FBI Special Agent Josh Camp-bell; DOJ senior official Bruce Ohr; FBI Assistant Director Michael Kortan; and Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik. The DOJ Inspector General’s Office has undoubtedly done great work to uncover misconduct and expose bias, but the mission of the OIG is limited only to ‘‘detect and deter waste, fraud, abuse, and misconduct in DOJ pro-grams and personnel, and to promote economy and efficiency in those pro-grams.’’ A fully independent special counsel has greater autonomy than an IG or other Federal prosecutors to run a non-biased investigation and, if necessary, bring forth criminal charges. With so much at risk, including the integrity of our Federal law enforce-ment agencies, which are tasked with protecting our Nation and upholding the rule of law, the need is more urgent than ever. This is not about politics but about the principles that bind together our Nation and our constitutional system of government. Equality under the law and impar-tiality of justice is what brings all of us to the House floor tonight, urging the Attorney General of the United States to take immediate action through the appointment of a second special counsel. Too many questions remain unanswered, and too much is at stake. Mr. Speaker, I say to Mr. Sessions: It is very important to take this action and appoint a second special counsel. Mr. Speaker, at this point I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BRAT), one of the signers of our late February letter to AG Sessions, a great leader in this cause. b2000 Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, the Amer-ican people are sick and tired of the double standard shown to the Clintons, and the issue does not just stop nar-rowly with all of the issues which were just laid out so well by my colleague. There is sufficient evidence that Democratic opposition research was submitted as evidence to a FISA court so that our intelligence community could begin spying on the Trump cam-paign and American citizens. Justice has not been done here, as elsewhere, and Americans know full well what is going on up here. Mr. Speaker, the script has flipped, and it seems clear it was the Demo-crats, not Republicans, who abused their power to try to get Clinton elect-ed. Unique in world history, America is the first Nation that was founded on the premise and the promise that all people are created equal under the law. That means no matter how well-con-nected, no matter how wealthy you are, no matter how many foreign lead-ers you have under your thumb, no matter how popular, no matter how elite, no matter how educated, no mat-ter how many lawyers you have, no one 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.039 H16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3336 April 16, 2018 
in this country stands above the law of the land, and we have to ensure that that remains the case. The system is rigged. B
ERNIE SAND-
ERSran for the people without power, and the system and a party rigged his election. I ran to protect people from the corruption in D.C. Now, what was going on in D.C. last week, we have monopolies run amuck, Facebook, Google, Amazon, big banks, big insur-ance, big everything, the exact oppo-site of the logic of the Founders. A
DAM SMITH, the founder of free mar-ket economics, wanted a country where small businesses competed against each other—no monopolies, no oligop-olies. James Madison, the author of the Constitution, wanted a country with a large number of factors that duked it out among themselves. No power cen-tered—especially in the Federal Gov-ernment up in D.C.—all power returned to the States and to the people. But today, that is all, unfortunately, upside down up in the swamp. I know it sounds like fiction that the FBI used a piece of opposition research paid for by the Clintons and the Democrats to file a warrant to spy on American citizens and the Trump campaign. Comey, McCabe, Rybicki, Jim Baker, Lisa Page, Peter Strzok, all of these are top personnel, political appointees in the FBI who are wrapped up in this story. They are not going to inves-tigate themselves. We need a fair and independent special counsel looking into this to see if there is anything wrong and any wrongdoing. Mr. Speaker, a second special counsel really is the only way to have the flexi-bility to fully investigate the matter of political bias in regards to ruling of the FISA court and see if anyone has bro-ken the law of the land. Only after we fully investigate this matter will we have the full confidence that no one has escaped justice. The American people want that closure, and so do I. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
RAT) for being here and for all of his efforts. Mr. Speaker, at this time, it is a great pleasure to yield to Congressman L
OUIE GOHMERT from Texas. Often-times, for those who are at home who may be watching C–SPAN late on a weeknight like tonight, I will encour-age them that all other nights when we are here, there is a pretty good chance that if they turn on C–SPAN late at night, L
OUIE GOHMERT will be standing where he is about to speak from, this wise man, educating us on his thoughts and reflections of our great country. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, coming from my friend, a wise man from New York, I appreciate that very much. And I appreciate the effort in securing the whole hour for all of us to talk about this issue. It really is a matter of wide-eyed jus-tice. The blindfold was removed, and real justice in America is hanging in the balance. People in America have seen what happened; and I think because they have seen the way justice has been abused for a number of years now, it is what helped Donald J. Trump get elect-ed President. People were ready for sig-nificant changes so that we could get back to a country where the rule of law mattered regardless of who was the President. When we look back at Chuck Colson, he did a year and a half in prison basi-cally for having one FBI file in the White House. The Clintons had nearly 1,000 in the White House. Nobody did a day. We saw that kind of injustice come in and played out before us dur-ing the 8 years of Eric Holder and Lo-retta Lynch in the Justice Depart-ment. And now Americans who have seen— not all of them. Some are still blinded by the very thick paint that is pro-vided by the mainstream media—but when you break through that, you brush that off, you get down to the bare facts. What you have now is Dep-uty Attorney General Rosenstein who was the U.S. attorney when Russia’s il-legal effort to obtain U.S. uranium was going down. He and his dear friend, Robert Mueller, as head of the FBI, were investigating what they knew. They had the facts. They had the evi-dence. They had the person working be-hind the scenes providing information, and they knew Russia was illegally trying to corner the market on U.S. uranium. They knew that bribes were taking place. They knew there were all kinds of crimes taking place. Yet we don’t know how it was with such a power-fully important investigation going on, an investigation that has led up to a time now where the head of Russia— whether you want to call him czar, president, Vladimir, whatever you want to call him, he is the head guy— and he has made clear that in Russia they have rockets now that can deliver atomic weapons, nuclear weapons, that the United States cannot stop. And we know that while Rosenstein and Mueller were involved in inves-tigating the efforts of the President’s friend, Vladimir, for whom he had much flexibility after the second elec-tion, we know he is making noise, rat-tling his sabre, as an existential threat to the United States’ very existence. So the evidence was there. What we can’t find out, because we can’t get a proper investigation, is who was it? What was it that caused Rod Rosen-stein and FBI Director Mueller to squelch the investigation into Russia’s effort to get our uranium? Because if it was going full board, and if it had not been squelched by Mr. Rosenstein and Mr. Mueller, Russia would never have ended up with 20 percent of U.S. ura-nium. And since we now know Hillary Clin-ton will not be President, the Clinton Foundation has gone away. But when it looked like everybody thought she was going to be the next President—and she had been Secretary of State. She had all of this power as Secretary of State. She was one of the key critical people that had to approve this sale that would end up putting uranium from the United States in Russia’s possession. They squelched the investigation. The sale went through with Hillary Clinton and her friends’ support. The Clinton Foundation ends up with $145 million from those who had invested in the effort to get Russia U.S. uranium. Bill Clinton got $500,000 for a 20-minute speech that, from what we understand, wasn’t very good; but it wasn’t about a good speech, it was about rewarding the Clintons for Russia getting U.S. uranium. There is no way, this side of heaven, that you could have a fair investiga-tion of former FBI Director Mueller and the former U.S. attorney on the role they played in helping Russia— along with Hillary Clinton, helping Russia get U.S. uranium, all to the det-riment of the United States. I mean, we had prior Soviet spies, Communist spies, who were put to death for providing designs for ad-vanced weaponry. But in this case, you have Hillary Clinton, Rod Rosenstein, and Bob Mueller not just helping de-sign. Here is what you need to create atomic weapons to destroy the United States. They didn’t care. We know on one hand money, a great deal of money, was involved and changed hands, but there is no way the FBI and the Justice Department, that we have seen has so many close friends of Mueller and Rosenstein—there is no way they are going to be able to inves-tigate that matter. Since the day Robert Mueller was ap-pointed as special counsel, I have been begging that we get a second counsel to investigate Mueller. He ought to be fired, but that, politically, cannot hap-pen without some of our weak-kneed Republicans in the Senate deciding they need to remove the President. That should not happen for what the Democrats did. So it is critical. If we have a second counsel—and by the way, let me just say, a great pa-triot, ethical, honest, upright man named Jeff Sessions is seeing to a num-ber of critical things that we need in-vestigated, seeing to them being inves-tigated. And I applaud his efforts to apply the rule of law across the board. But when it comes to investigating Rosenstein, Mueller, and Comey—who has already admitted leaking things that should be a crime—that is going to take a second counsel. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my friend Congressman Z
ELDIN arranging for this time to talk about it. I appreciate the effort my colleagues have put into re-searching this. We have got to have a second counsel, or our Justice Depart-ment is done. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for his lead-ership. Our next speaker is oftentimes at the very tip of the spear of the issues that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.041 H16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3337 April 16, 2018 
matter most all throughout America. He certainly has met the tip of the spear here, bringing accountability and transparency to the maximum degree he knows possible. Mr. Speaker, I yield to Congressman J
IMJORDAN . Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. It is good to be with my good friend from New York and other Members of Congress here tonight to talk about why we need a second spe-cial counsel. Nobody likes him. I don’t like him, but I don’t know of any other remedy. Is the FBI really going to be able to in-vestigate themselves? Is the Depart-ment of Justice really going to be able to investigate themselves? And I un-derstand Mr. Horowitz, the inspector general, is going to do good work, and he has done good work, but it is not the same. It is not the same. b2015 The only way to get to the truth, I think, is to have a second special coun-sel look at all of this; all the Clinton investigation, all the Russia investiga-tion, look at it all. Understand a few things we have learned over the past few months and, frankly, the past few days with the very top people at the FBI. James Comey misled the American people on both investigations. Now, think about this. Mr. Comey, at the urging of then-Attorney General Loretta Lynch, calls the Clinton inves-tigation a matter, not an investiga-tion, and misleads the American peo-ple. We all know it was an investigation. As some of my colleagues have said, the last time I checked, he was not running the Federal Bureau of Matters; it is the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion. It was an investigation, but in an attempt to play it down, he misleads the American people and calls it a mat-ter and not an investigation. Then, when it came to our President, he allows the perception to exist with the American people that President Trump is under investigation when, in fact, he wasn’t and had been told by James Comey, himself, that he wasn’t under investigation. Then, of course, there is the number two guy at the FBI, Andrew McCabe, who we have learned in the last few days actually misled the Office of Pro-fessional Responsibility, misled his boss, and misled the inspector general on two different occasions—four times, total. As they say, he lacked candor. He didn’t tell the truth. So we need a special counsel to look into all this and a host of other things. It was those guys, Mr. Comey and Mr. McCabe, who were involved at the FBI when the whole dossier thing unfolded where they took an opposition research document, dressed it all up, made it look like it was legitimate intel-ligence, and took it to the secret court to get a warrant to spy on a fellow American associated with the Trump campaign. They didn’t tell the court two impor-tant things. They didn’t tell the court who paid for the document, namely, the Clinton campaign and the DNC; and they didn’t tell the court that the author of that salacious and unverified document, Christopher Steele, had had his relationship with the FBI termi-nated because Mr. Steele broke a car-dinal rule: he went and told the press he was working for the FBI. Now, if you and I go to court, we have got to tell the truth. We have got to tell the whole truth. But they didn’t. They didn’t. Now, recently, there have been two appointments made at the Department of Justice by the current Attorney General: Mr. Huber and Mr. Lausch. Mr. Lausch has been named to help get the documents to Congress that we are entitled as a separate and equal branch of government to receive. Mr. Huber has been tasked with overseeing this whole Russia investigation. While these individuals appear to be fine individuals, again, it is not the same because whom does Mr. Huber and Mr. Lausch answer to? They an-swer to Rod Rosenstein, who was in-volved in all this throughout all the Clinton investigation and throughout the Russia investigation. They answer to Rod Rosenstein. Now, how do employees investigate their boss? Someone tell me how that works. I have two final points. When you think about probably the classic definition of the swamp, think about this: Rod Rosenstein writes the memo for firing James Comey. James Comey leaks a government document to The New York Times to create mo-mentum for a special counsel, Bob Mueller, whom Rod Rosenstein ap-points as the special counsel and over-sees; and one of the elements they are looking at is whether there was ob-struction of justice in the firing of James Comey. You can’t make this stuff up. You talk about the biggest roundabout I have ever seen. We need a special counsel. Think about this as well: the Attorney Gen-eral has said only in extraordinary cir-cumstances do you name special coun-sel. It is pretty extraordinary when James Comey, the Director of the FBI, has been fired; Andrew McCabe, the Deputy Director of the FBI, has been fired; Jim Baker, the former general counsel, has been demoted and reas-signed; Peter Strzok, the deputy head of counterintelligence has been de-moted and reassigned; and Lisa Page, FBI counsel, has been demoted and re-assigned. Those are some of the top people at the FBI. Now, if that is not extraordinary, then I don’t what the heck is. If it is not a little unusual when the new Deputy Attorney General writes the memo to fire James Comey and then names Bob Mueller as special counsel, and one of the things they are looking at is whether there was ob-struction of justice in the firing of James Comey, if those aren’t extraor-dinary and strange circumstances war-ranting a second special counsel, then, again, I don’t know what is. So let’s just do the right thing. Mr. S
ESSIONS and Mr. Rosenstein should just do the right thing. The American people want this. If we get a second special counsel, then we limit the amount of time that they can look at this. We pick someone outside the swamp somewhere in the middle of the country. Let him or her run this inves-tigation, say: Here is your time; go fig-ure it out. I believe, when they reach their con-clusions, there is a much better chance the American people will accept that result and accept their findings. But if it is just the same old thing that we have been seeing, I think that is much tougher. So this is what is needed. No one likes it; no one really wants these things to happen; but I see no other ap-proach that will get the answers and hopefully provide the closure that the country needs to move on. So I would just say to Mr. S
ESSIONS  and Mr. Rosenstein: Do what everyone else in this country knows needs to happen. Name the second special coun-sel. Let’s get the facts for the Amer-ican people, and let’s get moving. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman J
ORDAN for all of his re-marks and his leadership on this issue. It is a great pleasure to introduce General S
COTT PERRY of Pennsyl-vania—otherwise known as Congress-man General S
COTT PERRY of Pennsyl-vania—tonight to participate in our Special Order. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ). Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York for bringing this issue to light. As you can see, I am serving in this uniform. We are all citizens here to-night. No one outranks another. As a matter of fact, we all serve at the pleasure of our constituents, and we ask to earn their votes. With that, I want to join my col-leagues in this call for a second special counsel to investigate the abuses of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act court. Knowing what we know now, this warrant was based off of a bogus news report which was based off of a bogus document that was commissioned much like, Mr. Speaker, someone com-missions an artist for a painting and said: Well, we want this information to make the other guy look bad, so we are going to pay you. You go get the infor-mation, put it together in a nice for-mat for us, and then we are going to act like it is real. I say that because, right now, there doesn’t seem to be any evidence that says that any of it is real, no evidence after over a year of investigation. So they commissioned this dossier, which is just a fancy name for a file, to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.042 H16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3338 April 16, 2018 
go get the other guy, and they use that to get a FISA warrant and investigate him using the power of the Federal Government, the highest power, to in-vestigate a private citizen. Now, this begs the question, Mr. Speaker: Did these partisans inten-tionally mislead the FISA court? That is the question. The reason that we are asking for a second special counsel acknowledges that these things can be problematic, they can run far afield, and we want them to be focused only on what they are focused on and not looking at ev-erything and anything. But the reason there has to be a sec-ond special counsel, Mr. Speaker, is be-cause that is the only one who can an-swer this question. Because the people who potentially stand accused—and we don’t know exactly who they are—are a limited group of people, because I can’t get a FISA court to investigate some-body—you can’t get a FISA court to in-vestigate, and the American people can’t get the FISA court to investigate somebody where they think something wrong has happened. Only the Depart-ment of Justice and the FBI folks can get this FISA warrant. If they are the only people who can get it, then they can’t be investigating themselves. Nowhere else do we ask the accused to investigate himself and come up with the right answer, only in this crazy world that we live in right here. So that is why we must have the second special counsel. The standard for accountability simply must be higher. And if you don’t understand, when you go to the FISA court, it is not like any other court where you say: ‘‘Here is the prosecution’s case, and here is the defense’s case.’’ It doesn’t work like that. It is only the prosecution’s case because it is secret, Mr. Speaker. The defense doesn’t get to defend them-selves until after the fact. That is why there has to be a higher standard and a higher level of account-ability, because it is only supposed to be in the rarest of circumstances that this is used. I have said over and over again: Do I live in a free America or do I live in a place where there is a secret police like the KGB where, instead of inves-tigating crimes, we investigate people, and we keep investigating and inves-tigating until we find a crime? That is not what we plan for in America. Nowhere is it said that people in high positions are allowed to weaponize the instruments of Federal power to get back at their political ri-vals or their political enemies. Amer-ican citizens deserve strict constitu-tional protections regardless of what court they are in and, most specifically and most especially, if they are in the FISA Court. The Founding Fathers wrote the Fourth Amendment to enshrine and en-sure that the right of the people to be secure in their persons, their houses, their papers and effects against unrea-sonable searches and seizures shall not be violated. But, Mr. Speaker, they have been violated. The Founding Fa-thers wrote that long before the inter-net was available and long before cam-eras and microphones were ubiquitous in our society. The time is now long overdue to reaffirm that right. I have always opposed warrantless surveillance and searches of American citizens because they violate the Con-stitution. Mr. Speaker, you may say: Why should I care? I am not being in-vestigated by the FISA court. It is not happening to me. But think about that. If it can hap-pen to the President of the United States, arguably the most powerful person in our country if not the free world, then do you think it can’t hap-pen to you? Do you think it is fair? Is it right to have one standard of justice, or is it okay to have two: one for all of us peo-ple out here and then one for the politi-cally connected? That is why you should care, because there is a true danger in the unchecked power and authority of a faceless gov-ernment bureaucrat. The American people have a right to know who is watching the watchmen, and it is our job in Congress to do that watching. That is why we are calling for this second special counsel. Mr. Speaker, it is long overdue and it is long past time. These abuses cannot continue. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York for the time and for bringing this issue to light. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman P
ERRY and all of our speakers tonight: Congressman G
AETZ , Congresswoman T
ENNEY , Congressmen B
RAT, GOHMERT , JORDAN , PERRY , and everyone who has been part of this cause. Just to recap, we, over the course of this hour, outlined all the main rea-sons why it is imperative for AG Ses-sions to appoint a second special coun-sel to look into FISA abuse, how and why the Hillary Clinton case ended, and how and why the Trump-Russia probe began. As Congressman P
ERRY was just talking about the scales of justice, I re-member when Hillary Clinton was pub-licly being exonerated just days after a tarmac meeting where her husband was able to meet with AG Lynch on her plane on the tarmac in Phoenix, Ari-zona. I was thinking of the people who had to go into court that day as defendants. Maybe they got caught making a right on red, and they are a defendant going before a judge. They are pleading, and they are being punished. And yet here you have all this evidence with the Hil-lary Clinton case and there would be zero accountability, that actually the decision would be made to exonerate Hillary Clinton before even inter-viewing her and well over a dozen oth-ers. There should be equal treatment under the law. The scales of justice should not be tilted based off of your last name. Cheryl Mills gets immunity; Michael Cohen gets his offices and home raided. If there was equal justice under the law, then there might be more understanding and a greater man-date for actions being taken. But President Trump is being inves-tigated because he won the GOP nomi-nation. That is why the investigation got started. The reason why the DOJ and FBI didn’t want to release the memo is because they really didn’t have much of a better reason. They were reaching, and they really didn’t want to have to tell Congress why they started, because the real reason was be-cause he won the Republican nomina-tion, and they wanted to continue the investigation because he actually had a shot at winning. So they go to a secret court with se-cret documents to spy on a United States citizen desperate to try to find information loaded with bias, clear-as- day bias, an anti-Trump and pro-Hil-lary bias where their political bias is overcoming their better objective, and then expanding the probe and creating a special counsel because the President is elected. That is not how we do things in this country where you get investigated be-cause you win an election, where you identify a person, and then you em-power someone with authority to go out and try to find a crime anywhere. So with regard to FISA abuse—the end of the Hillary Clinton probe and the beginning of the Trump-Russia probe—it is imperative for AG Sessions to appoint a second special counsel. I appreciate everyone for tuning in during this hour. We look forward to continuing the effort until we get this done and over the top. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH ). The Chair would re-mind Members that remarks in debate may not engage in personalities toward the President, including by repeating remarks made elsewhere that would be improper if spoken in the Member’s own words. 
f 
b2030 REMEMBRANCE OF VICTIMS OF THE HOLOCAUST The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ) for 30 minutes. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the topic of this Special Order, which is Remembrance of Victims of the Holocaust. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from South Carolina? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.044 H16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3339 April 16, 2018 
There was no objection. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. I am particularly grateful to be here tonight with Congressman L
EEZELDIN from New York for promoting the restora-tion of integrity at the Department of Justice and the FBI with a second spe-cial counsel. Today I rise in honor of the days of remembrance of victims of the Holo-caust officially designated by Presi-dent Donald Trump last week. Presi-dent Donald Trump will always be ap-preciated for establishing next month the American Embassy to be relocated and established in Jerusalem. A recent study has found that the knowledge of the atrocities that oc-curred during the Holocaust is waning as we get further and further removed from the horrible events. The phrase ‘‘We Remember’’ is used to emphasize the importance of remembering ex-actly what happened to ensure that it never happens again. It is in this context that I stand today, not only in honor of those mur-dered at the hands of the Nazis during the Holocaust, as well as those who survived, but to continue to speak the truth about what happened there and hope that it never fades from our col-lective memories, to be never repeated. All citizens should tour the Holocaust Museum here in Washington to learn the shocking truth of Nazi inhumanity. In 1933, Adolf Hitler ascended to power in Germany not through force but through an appointment to chan-cellor by the sitting President Paul von Hindenburg. He devised a fictional tale about the need for ethnic purity to be successful. The German people were desperate and susceptible to lies and deceptions, and, sadly, many eventu-ally followed Hitler into the atrocities that followed. The level of deception Hitler and the Nazis were willing to go to, to gain uni-lateral authority, was apparent early on. In February of 1933, just a month after Hitler was appointed chancellor, the German Reichstag parliament building was burned, and they imme-diately blamed it on their opponents. This allowed Hitler to take advantage of this situation and issue a decree that placed constraints on the press and banned political meetings. By June of the same year, the Nazis declared themselves as the only legal party in Germany, and the Nazis passed a law allowing for forced sterilization of those with a genetic defect. The first openly anti-Semitic law was passed in September 1933, prohibiting Jews from holding land 6 years before the start of World War II. After German President Paul von Hindenburg, who appointed Hitler as chancellor out of political expediency, passed away, Hitler named himself as fuhrer, gaining the power of both chan-cellor and President. One of the most shocking aspects of this ascent, look-ing back, is that Hitler received 90 per-cent support from German voters who approved of his new powers. After Hitler took complete control of Germany, the laws persecuting Jewish people escalated rapidly. One month after naming himself the fuhrer, the Nuremberg race laws were decreed. These laws banned interracial mar-riages between Jews and Germans and established that only those who were German or had German ancestors were able to be citizens. The rights of the Jewish people living in Germany slow-ly but surely dissipated without much attention from the international com-munity; that is, until the Kristallnacht, the Night of Broken Glass, the night of November 10, 1938. German SS agents and local citizens were encouraged to smash windows of Jewish-owned stores, buildings, and synagogues as the local law enforce-ment stood by and watched. Although many Germans, especially those who saw the destruction, disapproved, Hit-ler was able to quell any concerns through his control of the media. This event changed the nature of the Ger-man persecution of the Jewish people from economic, political, and social to beatings, incarcerations, and murder. By January 1939, Hitler issued the most public statement regarding his plans to the German parliament. Hit-ler’s goal, in no uncertain terms, was ‘‘the annihilation of the Jewish race in Europe.’’ In addition to Hitler’s domination over the Jewish people in Germany, he began to expand his empire to neigh-boring European nations. The hostile takeover began in Austria, though the union of the two countries had been a popular concept for decades. Therefore, there was not much resistance origi-nally from the international commu-nity. It took the German invasion of Po-land on September 2, 1939, for Britain and France to finally declare war on Nazi Germany. The invasion occurred in collaboration with Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin, who had a joint Nazi-So-viet pact with a secret protocol to in-vade Poland with Nazi and Soviet tanks providing for the partition of Po-land. It would take two years for the United States to follow suit and de-clare war against Germany, after the surprise attack by the Axis partner Japan at Pearl Harbor. Despite Britain and France declaring war, that did not slow the Nazis ad-vancing across Europe. On April 9, 1940, they invaded Denmark and Norway; and on May 10, they invaded France, Belgium, Holland, and Luxembourg. By June 14, the Nazis were occupying the French capital of Paris. The start of World War II also coin-cided with the Nazis’ increased bru-tality against the Jewish people. The same month that Britain and France declared war, Reinhard Heydrich issued instructions for the SS to gather Jews in ghettos. One month later, the Nazis would seal those ghettos so no one, meaning no Jewish person, could es-cape. On March 26, 1941, the German Army High Command gave the Reich Main Security Office approval to initiate SS murder squads throughout the eastern front. These squads, known as the Einsatzgruppen, were responsible for murdering the intelligentsia and cul-tural elite in Poland. This murder squad mainly killed civilians. Heydrich, upon inspecting the impact of the murder squads on his SS agents, decided these tactics were too costly, demoralizing, and did not kill victims quickly enough. That led the Nazis to increase their use of gas to murder the innocent Jewish people, which caused the death toll to increase exponen-tially. By the end of 1941, America was drawn into the war by the surprise murderous attack on Pearl Harbor by the Japanese, who, at this point, were part of the Axis powers, which included Germany and Italy. On December 11, after Germany declared war on the United States, President Franklin Roo-sevelt declared war against Germany, declaring: ‘‘Never before has there been a greater challenge to life, liberty, and civilization.’’ America then concentrated 90 per-cent of its resources to defeating Hit-ler. On January 20, 1942, the Wannsee Conference was held just outside of Berlin, where senior Nazi officials and SS met to coordinate their Final Solu-tion. The Final Solution to the Jewish Question was the official code name for the murder of all Jews within reach, which was not limited to the European continent. This resulted in the delib-erate and systematic genocide of the Jewish people. Operation Reinhard, the deadliest phase of the Holocaust, began the in-troduction of extermination camps. The goal was mass extermination. This horrific Final Solution was carried out at other execution and concentration camps across Europe. Sadly, the larg-est was at Auschwitz. Auschwitz I was first constructed to hold Polish polit-ical prisoners, who began to arrive in May 1940. The first extermination of prisoners took place in 1941, Sep-tember. Auschwitz II-Birkenau also went on to become a major site of the Nazi Final Solution. The conditions in these concentra-tion camps were too horrific to imag-ine. There was a barbaric selection process upon arrival where only those who were able-bodied and strong would survive the night. The rest were sent to gas chambers. The gas chambers were described clearly in ‘‘The Buchenwald Report.’’ An estimated 1.3 million peo-ple were sent to Auschwitz, of which at least 1.1 million people were murdered. Around 90 percent of those were Jews. Approximately one in six Jewish people killed in the Holocaust died at that camp. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the dis-tinguished Congressman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ), who represents the First District of Texas, to speak for 5 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate my friend so much, bringing back 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.046 H16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3340 April 16, 2018 
the account of what happened. And I can remember—I majored in history in college—reading about General Eisen-hower ordering American troops, Allied troops, to go gather people from the German communities near the con-centration camps where so many Jews were being killed, ruthlessly killed. It is horrific to even contemplate what went on. And Eisenhower had or-dered that, apparently, they bring the community citizens and have them help clean up the concentration camps. And the reason that was given was so that they could never say these things didn’t happen—and I thought at the time that really is going perhaps too far—because these people turned a blind eye to what was going on. Surely they suspected. They knew there was ash going over their communities. Surely they suspected. But I never dreamed we would reach a day when what Eisenhower feared would occur actually came about, and that is a time when people are finding it popular to deny that the Holocaust ever happened. So I am grateful that Israel has this Yom HaShoah, the Israel Holocaust remembrance day. But it should not just be for Israel. Amer-ica needs to stand with Israel. There are those who are calling for extermination of Jews around the Earth again. It is unbelievable. It is unbelievable. It has been shocking to see anti-Semitism growing again around Europe. To me, as an American, it has been even more shocking to see growing sentiment on U.S. college campuses denying that the Holocaust ever happened. That is the ultimate irony: having institutions of what are supposed to be higher learning in the United States of America, where at one time we had the best universities, ev-eryone wanted to come to the U.S. for universities; but now we have institu-tions of higher learning that are actu-ally the epitome of dumbing down and destroying history, rewriting history, which would make them institutions of the least learning, certainly not higher education. So it is important that we take time, we remember the horrors. I was just talking to my friend C
LAU-
DIATENNEY from New York about the Jewish woman who came and spoke to her seventh grade class and then, as I understood, spoke to her child’s sev-enth grade class. And that is so impor-tant, but the Holocaust survivors, we are losing them day after day. It is up to us. I am so grateful to my friend, the good J
OEWILSON , for securing this time so we could talk about the Holo-caust. The Bible makes clear that you must teach about what God has done. We would never, ever want to see another Holocaust. After the horrors of the Holocaust, that what was prophesied for thousands of years has now hap-pened, there is an Israel; it is making, has made, the desert bloom. But we should never forget, as long as this Earth is populated by human beings, another Holocaust is possible. And the blood would be on the hands and head of everyone who has denied that it was even possible. b2045 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman GOH-
MERT for his leadership. We have been joined by the gentle-woman from New York (Ms. T
ENNEY ), who has served our country so well on the General Assembly of New York and now here in Congress, Congresswoman C
LAUDIA TENNEY . Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman J
OEWILSON . He has been a terrific mentor for me, and I am grateful for his allowing me to recog-nize this really important experience. As we are remembering, there is a really important person in my life who has inspired me in many of the things that I do, and her name was Helen Sperling. She was born in 1920. She is a Holocaust survivor. She survived a Nazi death camp. She was actually liberated on April 18, 1945—just a couple of days away from that anniversary date. She had to be hospitalized in Germany for 3 years before she was finally able to immi-grate to the United States with, even-tually, her husband, who was also a Nazi survivor. But Helen was a special person, and she was someone whom I got to know. As Congressman G
OHMERT just men-tioned, as a student in New Hartford, New York, she was a resident of our town, and a very tiny woman, wonder-fully positive and very excitable and really just a warm person. I was a seventh grade student, and she came and spoke to our class about the Holocaust and explained to us the horrors of what happened to her and her family in Nazi Germany, and it was just so impactful. Helen basically spent her life telling this story. As Congressman G
OHMERT alluded to a moment ago, this wonderful person— one day, my son, 30 years later, came back from seventh grade and said: Mom, I met this incredible woman. She spoke in my class, and she told us all about the Holocaust and the horrors that occurred there, where the Jewish people were annihilated and killed and murdered in millions, and she told us her story. And at the end of the story, I asked her if I could hug her, and she said of course. He said he was so moved by her as well. And I just turned to him, and I said: Oh, my God, Helen Sperling is back. She is still talking about it. Helen, sadly, died a couple of years ago, and we gave honor and tribute to her as my constituent when I was a member of the New York State Assem-bly. But also, I got to meet Helen on a number of occasions afterwards. She was wonderful in speaking to Boys State, you know, the American Le-gion’s hosted events. I just want to read a little bit from Helen’s obituary, because I think it is really important to understand this woman who survived this and really de-voted her entire life to educating chil-dren and people. I just want to read a little bit from this, and here is where it started from her obituary from 2 years ago. ‘‘The anguish of the Holocaust scarred Helen for life, and she tried to turn her pain into a positive instru-ment for education. In March 1967, the Annual Holocaust Lecture series was begun, and it was later named for Helen and Leon,’’ her late husband. ‘‘This annual program, endowed by the Sperlings, will continue to provide Hol-ocaust education for many generations to come.’’ That was a dream of Helen’s. ‘‘From 1968 until her death, Helen had shared her life and her Holocaust experiences with tens of thousands of people, lecturing tirelessly at schools, colleges, churches, prisons, and clubs, in the fervent hope that both young people and adults would remember, learn, and build a better, more peaceful world. She will always be remembered by her challenge to ‘Never Be A By-stander.’ ‘‘Helen believed that the worst part of being in the concentration camps was the feeling of being powerless. She tried to teach people never to abuse power and to protect those who could not protect themselves. ‘‘As a result of the mutual love and respect between Helen and the genera-tions of audiences that have heard her, Clinton and New Hartford Senior High Schools,’’ in my district—and New Hartford Senior High School, which is my alma mater—‘‘have each developed scholarship awards in her name to honor those seniors who exhibit the character that Helen believed would help make a better, more humane, and peaceful world. ‘‘These scholarships, as well as the many other tangible gifts given by ‘her schools,’ in her honor, touched Helen deeply. She was moved and grateful for the hundreds of lilacs planted by her friends and students in memory of her father.’’ The lilacs were her symbol. But I also want to mention some-thing really important about Helen. I got to meet her, and actually one of the last times I got to speak with her was we were speaking together at Boys State in my district in 2012 and she got a little modern. One of the things she was handing out to the young men who were at Boys State learning how to po-tentially be serving our Nation as members of our military or in govern-ment, she handed out these lovely lit-tle, as you can see, one of these wrist-bands that are so common today. And on this wristband—this is the very wristband that was handed to me by Helen back in 2012. It says: ‘‘Thou shall not be a bystander.’’ Helen handed these out to everyone she spoke with, to remember, and to remember to stand up and not let these horrors of events like the Holocaust happen again in our time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.047 H16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3341 April 16, 2018 
I just wanted to pay tribute to her tonight. I thank Congressman W
ILSON for this great honor to be able to speak and to mention an outstanding member of my district and what she stood for, and that we shall not be bystanders and that we shall always remember and not let this very horrific part of human history be forgotten and make sure that it never gets repeated again. I just want to say thank you, and may God rest her soul, Helen Sperling, an amazing inspiration to me and so many thousands of others in my com-munity. I just want to thank you for giving me a moment to recognize the great Helen Sperling from New Hart-ford, New York. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman C
LAUDIA TENNEY very much for her heartfelt presentation, and we appre-ciate her military family. While I am concluding, I would like to recognize a few Holocaust survivors in South Carolina. May we never forget their pain and suffering, as well as their family and friends who have be-come beloved citizens of the State of South Carolina. Ben Stern, born in 1924 in Kielce, Po-land. Ben spent 6 months in the Kielce ghetto, where he was beaten and threatened to be hung for leaving the ghetto to get food for his family. Then he was taken to a forced labor camp called Henrykow, after which he never saw his family again. He then was transferred to Auschwitz, where he was sorted and sent to Birkenau. After being transferred again due to the Russians closing in, Ben was forced to participate in a death march where all those left standing at the end were murdered. He had fallen over just be-fore those executions because he could no longer walk. Ben was later found by the American Army and rescued weigh-ing 89 pounds but alive and liberated. Bert Gosschalk, born in 1920 in a lit-tle village in Holland. He was a mem-ber of the resistance. After a failed re-sistance attempt to blow up a railway to take away Nazi’s access, he and his wife were caught. Bert was then taken to the SS headquarters for questioning. There, he spent all day on his knees without food or water. While he was being questioned at the SS headquarters, a Dutch resistance group ambushed the German police. To retaliate, the Nazis brought all the prisoners to where the Germans had been ambushed and murdered all of them. Bert came back to discover there were only seven or eight men who sur-vived, and, thankfully, he was one. Bluma Goldberg, born in Poland in a town called Pinczow. Bluma joined her sister at a labor camp where they stayed for 2 years making bullets, where they worked 12-hour shifts, 7 days a week. As the Russians moved closer, Bluma was sent to Bergen-Belsen concentra-tion camp, where disease ran rampant and everyone was covered in lice. After 3 months, Bluma was able to go with her sister Burgau, where they painted numbers on airplanes. Renee Kolender, born in the city of Bochnia, Poland, in 1926. In 1941, Renee was taken from the Kozienice ghetto to a labor camp in a Polish town called Skarzysko. There, Renee stayed for 3 years with her mother and brother making ammunition. As the Russians moved closer, Renee was moved to a labor camp closer to Germany where they made parts for machines that made bullets. Eventu-ally, she was rescued by a Jewish po-liceman, and it was all over. Pincus Kolender was born in the city of Bochnia, Poland, in 1926. In 1942, Pincus and his brother were take from the ghetto, where they lived for about 2 years, to Auschwitz. When Pincus ar-rived, he was lined up before the gate to be sorted where he was sent to a camp instead of the crematorium. Inside the camp, his head was shaved, and he was tattooed with the number ‘‘161253.’’ Pincus described the life in the camp, of which he said: ‘‘The hun-ger was also terrible. We used to search for a potato peel and fight over it. We were constantly, 24 hours a day, always hungry.’’ Every few months, a selec-tion occurred where those who looked feeble were sent to the crematorium. Eventually, Pincus was saved by Gen-eral George Patton’s Fifth Army. Other survivors include: Rudy Herz, born in a very small town called Stommeln on the outskirts of Cologne, Germany, in 1925; Trude Heller, born in Vienna in 1922. She was 15 years old in March 1938 when Hitler took over Aus-tria, and upon coming to America, she served as the First Lady with Mayor Max Heller of the beautiful city of Greenville, South Carolina. Francine Taylor was born in Poland in 1928. Her family moved to France when she was 2 years old. They were living in Paris on June 14, 1940, when the French capital fell. Leo Diamantstein, born in Heidel-berg, Germany, in 1924. I am grateful for this opportunity to highlight these people and this impor-tant issue during these ‘‘Days of Re-membrance,’’ and I am hopeful that we will make preserving this history and telling these stories a priority. We will never forget the lessons we have learned from the horrific tragedy in history. We must protect natural God-given rights and do all in our power to prevent these types of crimes against humanity. Helping the world to not forget is an extraordinary artist of West Columbia, South Carolina, Mary Burkett, who has produced drawings of the murdered children of the Holocaust. These loving portraits were placed, last week, on display at the Embassy of Israel in Washington by Ambassador Ron Dermer. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. ADJOURNMENT Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 56 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, April 17, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morn-ing-hour debate. f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4550. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to the Central African Republic that was declared in Executive Order 13667 of May 12, 2014, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4551. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Syria that was de-clared in Executive Order 13338 of May 11, 2004, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4552. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Yemen that was de-clared in Executive Order 13611 of May 16, 2012, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4553. A communication from the President of the United States, transmitting A State-ment on the April 13, 2018, Striking of Mili-tary Chemical Weapons-Related Facilities in Syria, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1543(a); Public Law 93-148, Sec. 4(a); (87 Stat. 555) (H. Doc. No. 115—113); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed. 4554. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report to Congress on the methods employed by the Government of Cuba to enforce the United States-Cuba Sep-tember 1994 ‘‘Joint Communique’’, the treat-ment by the Government of Cuba of persons returned to Cuba in accordance with the United States-Cuba May 1995 ‘‘Joint State-ment’’, and an update on the implementation of the United States-Cuba January 2017 ‘‘Joint Statement’’, together known as the Migration Accords, October 2017 to March 2018, pursuant to Public Law 105-277, Sec. 2245; (112 Stat. 2681-824); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4555. A letter from the Executive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a notification of a designation of acting officer, and a nom-ination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4556. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Medicare Program; Con-tract Year 2019 Policy and Technical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16AP7.048 H16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3342 April 16, 2018 
Changes to the Medicare Advantage, Medi-care Cost Plan, Medicare Fee-for-Service, the Medicare Prescription Drug Benefit Pro-grams, and the PACE Program [CMS-4182-F] (RIN: 0938-AT08) received April 12, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 4403. A bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to protect personally iden-tifiable information, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–639). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BYRNE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 830. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 5192) to authorize the Commissioner of Social Security to pro-vide confirmation of fraud protection data to certain permitted entities, and for other pur-poses (Rept. 115–640). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. NEWHOUSE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 831. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5444) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modernize and improve the Internal Revenue Service, and for other purposes, and pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5445) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve cybersecurity and taxpayer iden-tity protection, and modernize the informa-tion technology of the Internal Revenue Service, and for other purposes (Rept. 115– 641). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. WALZ (for himself, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Mr. C
ORREA ): H.R. 5520. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to use the authority of the Secretary to conduct and support re-search on the efficacy and safety of medic-inal cannabis, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mrs. HARTZLER (for herself, Mr. C
ORREA , and Mr. B OST): H.R. 5521. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the non-applica-bility of non-Department of Veterans Affairs covenants not to compete to the appoint-ment of certain Veterans Health Administra-tion personnel, to permit the Veterans Health Administration to make contingent appointments, and to require certain Vet-erans Health Administration physicians to complete residency training; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. BACON (for himself, Mr. A
USTIN  S
COTT of Georgia, Mr. P ANETTA , and Mr. C
ARBAJAL ): H.R. 5522. A bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to carry out certain activities to en-sure the readiness of the Department of De-fense with respect to joint electromagnetic spectrum operations; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana (for him-self, Mr. A
MODEI , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , and Mr. M AST): H.R. 5523. A bill to direct the Attorney General and the Secretary of Education to develop and implement best practices for oc-cupation-specific education for school re-source officers; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MARCHANT (for himself, Mr. ABRAHAM , and Mr. R OSS): H.R. 5524. A bill to amend title 39, United States Code, to require the United States Postal Service to establish rates for delivery of inbound international mail that do not discriminate between foreign and domestic mailers, to review foreign practices with re-spect to the exchange of e-commerce goods with the United States, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and For-eign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. RATCLIFFE: H.R. 5525. A bill to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to transfer certain National For-est System land in the State of Texas; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mrs. HANDEL: H. Res. 832. A resolution recognizing line-men, the profession of linemen, the contribu-tions of these brave men and women who protect public safety, and expressing support for the designation of April 18, 2018, as Na-tional Lineman Appreciation Day; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
175. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Idaho, rel-ative to Senate Joint Memorial No. 103, op-posing any new federal national monument designations or further designations of wil-derness in the State of Idaho without the ap-proval of the United States Congress and the Idaho Legislature; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 176. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Idaho, relative to Senate Joint Memorial No. 104, requesting a permanent exemption from the USDOT-FMCSA ELD mandate granted by whichever means appro-priate for livestock and agriculture com-modity transporters; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 177. Also, a memorial of the General As-sembly of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 35, urging the United States Congress to take action by enacting legislation that en-courages large-scale commercial cultivation of hemp by removing it from the list of con-trolled substances under the Federal Con-trolled Substances Act; jointly to the Com-mittees on Energy and Commerce, the Judi-ciary, and Financial Services. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. WALZ: H.R. 5520. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 5 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the Constitution. By Mrs. HARTZLER: H.R. 5521. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18; and Article VI, Clause 2 of the United States Constitu-tion. By Mr. BACON: H.R. 5522. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution: ‘‘to make rules for the govern-ment and regulation of land and naval forces’’ By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana: H.R. 5523. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S.C. Art I Sec 8 cl 18 By Mr. MARCHANT: H.R. 5524. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution Art. I Sec. 8 cl. 1, under the ‘‘Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises’’; Art. I Sec. 8 cl. 3, under the power ‘‘To reg-ulate Commerce with foreign Nations’’; Art. I Sec. 8 cl. 7, under the power ‘‘To es-tablish Post Offices and post Roads’’; and Art. I Sec. 8 cl. 18, under the power ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ By Mr. RATCLIFFE: H.R. 5525. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2, relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 4: Mr. K NIGHT . H.R. 365: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 466: Mr. C
UELLAR . H.R. 787: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 809: Mr. S
OTOand Mr. D ESAULNIER . H.R. 846: Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 858: Mr. S
COTT of Virginia. H.R. 881: Mr. B
LUM. H.R. 1038: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey and Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana. H.R. 1057: Mr. B
URGESS . H.R. 1098: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 1192: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1291: Mr. S
UOZZI , Mrs. D AVIS of Cali- fornia, and Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 1318: Mr. B
ACON and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. H.R. 1360: Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 1375: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 1377: Mr. B
URGESS , Mr. R ASKIN , and Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER . H.R. 1542: Mr. H
IMES, Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , and Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 1617: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 1626: Mr. S
CHRADER . H.R. 1683: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 1759: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 1772: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 1825: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16AP7.000 H16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3343 April 16, 2018 
H.R. 1861: Mr. M ITCHELL . H.R. 1884: Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. K INGof New York, and Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 1972: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 2004: Mr. R
OTHFUS . H.R. 2049: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 2069: Ms. J
AYAPAL and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 2095: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 2309: Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mrs. T ORRES , and Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 2315: Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. S UOZZI , and Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 2341: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 2366: Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 2556: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 2598: Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 2652: Ms. J
UDY CHUof California and Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 2669: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 2832: Mr. W
ITTMAN . H.R. 2913: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 3045: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 3174: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 3227: Mr. S
UOZZI , Mr. M CNERNEY , and Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 3533: Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 3545: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 3566: Mr. B
ERGMAN . H.R. 3642: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 3666: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 3755: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 3767: Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. R UP-
PERSBERGER , and Mr. M OULTON . H.R. 3773: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 3815: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 3832: Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana. H.R. 3883: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 3931: Mr. C
LEAVER and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 3940: Mr. K
ILMER and Mr. R ATCLIFFE . H.R. 3956: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 4077: Mr. C
RIST and Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4099: Mr. H
IMES, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 4234: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 4265: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 4345: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. B ROWN  of Maryland, Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. SMITH of Washington, and Mr. J ODY B. H
ICEof Georgia. H.R. 4444: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT and Mr. B
UTTERFIELD . H.R. 4509: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 4739: Ms. J
ACKSON LEEand Mr. J OHN-
SONof Georgia. H.R. 4827: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 4841: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5083: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 5090: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 5102: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 5105: Mr. L
ONG. H.R. 5107: Mr. G
IANFORTE , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 5124: Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. S
TEFANIK , and Mr. T HOMP -
SONof Pennsylvania. H.R. 5129: Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. E MMER , Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. R OSS, and Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 5155: Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Ms. D EGETTE , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, and Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 5171: Mr. A
MODEI and Ms. C HENEY . H.R. 5176: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 5191: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER and Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 5199: Mr. R
OTHFUS and Mr. W OMACK . H.R. 5222: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 5242: Mr. G
RIFFITH and Mr. R ODNEY  D
AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5251: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 5252: Mr. M
ITCHELL . H.R. 5272: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK and Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 5274: Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali- fornia, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. S HERMAN , and Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 5292: Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 5321: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 5358: Mr. L
ONGand Mr. M ITCHELL . H.R. 5383: Mr. C
APUANO and Ms. B ROWNLEY  of California. H.R. 5388: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 5407: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 5415: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 5417: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 5422: Mr. MESSER . H.R. 5439: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 5460: Ms. S
TEFANIK and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 5467: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas and Mr. V
ARGAS . H.R. 5473: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 5480: Mr. M
CCAULand Mrs. T ORRES . H.R. 5483: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 5503: Mr. L
UCAS , Mr. P OSEY , Mrs. C OM-
STOCK , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. B
IGGS, Mr. D UNN, Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. H
ULTGREN , and Mr. M ARSHALL . H.R. 5505: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.J. Res. 132: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H. Con. Res. 20: Mr. V
ARGAS . H. Con. Res. 111: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Geor- gia, Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. K EN-
NEDY , and Mr. K ILMER . H. Res. 342: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H. Res. 401: Ms. R
OSEN . H. Res. 434: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H. Res. 737: Mr. S
UOZZI . H. Res. 763: Mr. R
OSS. H. Res. 785: Mr. N
ORMAN . H. Res. 812: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina. H. Res. 817: Ms. H
ANABUSA and Ms. J UDY C
HUof California. H. Res. 823: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , and Mr. G RI-
JALVA . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. HENSARLING  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Financial Services in H.R. 4 do not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP7.017 H16APPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2131 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, APRIL 16, 2018 No. 61 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, from whom comes all things good and true, we give reverence to Your Name. Lord, forgive us when we don’t take time to think clearly, pray sincerely, and cultivate the sense of Your presence. Thank You for strengthening our faith, renewing our courage, and sheltering us from harm. Bless our Senators. May Your grace and peace sustain them as they find in You the source of all mercy and com-fort. Grant that their faith in Your power will strengthen them through every season of trials. Lord, give them the wisdom to pray for one another so they will cooperate with each other in working for Your glory. We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. AMENDING THE WHITE MOUNTAIN APACHE TRIBE WATER RIGHTS QUANTIFICATION ACT OF 2010 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the House mes-sage to accompany S. 140, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: House message to accompany S. 140, a bill to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Set-tlement Fund. 
Pending: 
McConnell motion to concur in the amend-ment of the House to the bill. McConnell motion to concur in the amend-ment of the House to the bill, with McCon-nell amendment No. 2227 (to the amendment of the House to the bill), to change the en-actment date. McConnell amendment No. 2228 (to amend-ment No. 2227), of a perfecting nature. McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on Indian Affairs, with instructions, McConnell amendment No. 2229, to change the enact-ment date. McConnell amendment No. 2230 (to (the in-structions) amendment No. 2229), of a per-fecting nature. McConnell amendment No. 2231 (to amend-ment No. 2230), of a perfecting nature. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I rise to urge my colleagues to vote in support of the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act. My legislation is about bringing jobs to the most economically disadvan-taged communities in Montana and empowering Indian Tribes to determine their own destinies. In fact, for 14 years, the Federal Government has placed prohibitive regulations on tribes, which has infringed on their rights and cost them jobs and economic opportunities. Now Montana’s Tribes and the Tribal communities across the country suffer from some of the Na-tion’s highest unemployment. This leg-islation will restore the parity between Tribal governments and Federal, State, and local governments as well as pro-tect and respect the Tribes’ right to sovereignty. It is time for the Federal Govern-ment to step out of the Tribes’ way so they can make the right decisions for their communities, for their people, and create good-paying jobs on reserva-tions. On behalf of Montana’s 12 federally recognized Tribes, as a member of the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, as the chair of the Senate Western Cau-cus, and as an original author of this legislation both in this Congress and the last, I urge my colleagues to make the right choice and support the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act. RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. 
AIR STRIKES ON SYRIA  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I want to begin this afternoon by com-mending the men and women who make up the world’s most capable mili-tary. Over the weekend, America’s all- volunteer Armed Forces executed a challenging mission with precision and with excellence. At the President’s order, the United States joined with our British and French allies in mili-tary action to respond to Bashar al- Assad’s use of chemical weapons against the Syrian people. I support both the actions taken and the underlying objectives. The tactics the Assad regime has de-ployed to consolidate gains and ter-rorize the people of Syria have stood in defiance of the clear U.S. position that the use of chemical weapons is simply unacceptable. It was time to act. Americans have become used to flaw-less execution on the part of our uni-formed military. Times like these com-pel us to pause and appreciate their ex-cellence and their heroism. We must remember that none of it could occur without extensive training, careful planning, robust investment, and the professionalism, dedication, and brav-ery of our servicemembers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.000 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2132 April 16, 2018 
Mr. President, on a completely dif-ferent matter, this afternoon the Sen-ate will vote to advance legislation from Senator M
ORAN that would bol-ster the proper sovereignty of Amer-ican Indian Tribes in the face of exces-sive Federal regulations. From the passage of the National Labor Relations Act of 1935 all the way until 2004, the NLRB respected the sov-ereignty status of Tribal government employers. But because the law does not technically provide that exemp-tion, the NLRB discarded that prece-dent in 2004 and has become entangled in local Tribal decisions. By intervening in Tribal affairs on a case-by-case basis, the NLRB has effec-tively been picking winners and losers among different businesses. The result has been regulatory confusion and a lessening of Tribal governments’ au-thority to govern their own lands. This legislation would correct the 83- year-old oversight that led to this con-fusion. It would codify in law that fed-erally recognized Tribal governments should be exempt from such regulation, just like other State and local govern-ments. More than 160 Tribes, Tribal corpora-tions, and Tribal trade associations support Senator M
ORAN ’s legislation. I am proud to support it as well, and I urge every one of us to vote to advance the bill later this afternoon. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. President, tomorrow’s tax filing deadline is not exactly a national holi-day, but millions of Americans use the end of tax season as a time to pause and to take stock. In recent weeks, at kitchen tables in Kentucky and across the country, working families have been crunching the numbers. For too long, our country’s outdated and unfair Tax Code made life more difficult than it needed to be for middle-class fami-lies. Now all of that is changing. Tomorrow marks the last time Amer-ica’s working families, entrepreneurs, and job creators will have to file under that old Tax Code. This Republican Congress and President Trump got rid of it and put a brandnew 21st century Tax Code in its place. Now Americans are rightly anticipating a better year ahead, and they aren’t having to wait very long. President Trump is in Florida today to hold a roundtable discussion with small business owners. On Main Streets from Miami to Tallahassee, tax reform is empowering local employers to cre-ate more prosperity for their employ-ees and for their communities. In Melbourne, the owner of Stellar Transport, a shuttle service that works closely with Florida’s elderly, is using tax savings to raise wages, expand paid vacation, and cover a 26-percent in-crease in healthcare costs for his 60 employees. In Jacksonville, Magellan Transport Logistics is planning to buy a new 47,000-square-foot facility and hire 100 new employees as part of an ambitious plan to succeed under the new pro- growth Tax Code. Of course, these are among the first fruits of the U.S. econ-omy under this historic new law. Millions of U.S. workers are receiv-ing bonuses, raises, and special bene-fits, not to mention lower utility rates and increased opportunities. As em-ployers adopt new withholding prac-tices, more and more workers will see more of their own money going into their own pockets. Florida’s workers and entrepreneurs should be proud of Senator RUBIO, who was instrumental in getting tax reform across the finish line. In particular, his efforts helped Republicans to secure a significant increase in the child tax credit. It is surprising that Florida’s senior Senator didn’t want any part of all these tax cuts and new jobs. He took every opportunity to vote with every other Democrat and try to block these tax cuts from happening. Fortunately, Republicans overcame partisan opposi-tion and made tax reform a reality. 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR —S. 2667 
Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the desk due for a second read-ing. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2667) to amend the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 to provide for State and Tribal regulation of hemp production, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the bill will be placed on the calendar. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I come to the floor as a former chairman of the Indian Affairs Committee of the Senate to talk about the issue of the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act—the package before us today to be discussed and voted on within the next hour. I know we are going to be hearing from the current chairman, Senator H
OEVEN . We are going to be hearing from Senator M
ORAN , Senator F LAKE , and others. I would like to associate my remarks with those I know they will make, specifically, those of the chairman and my other colleagues, and emphasize the need to recognize and re-spect Tribal sovereignty. As Senator M
ORAN will explain short-ly, this legislation seeks to fix the Na-tional Labor Relations Board’s 2004 de-cision to treat Tribal government em-ployers and tribally owned businesses as private entities, not as sovereign governments. They are sovereign governments. The National Labor Relations Board’s decision, I think, is the wrong decision. It increased uncertainty for Tribes, as Tribes suddenly faced regula-tion from a body that failed to recog-nize their government-to-government relationship. I think it was a complete mistake by the National Labor Rela-tions Board, which is why I am proudly here to support the legislation we are discussing here today. Suddenly, as a result of this ruling, these Tribal businesses became com-mercial entities. These businesses pro-vide critical services on Tribal lands and in their communities. I believe the National Labor Relations Board’s deci-sion—and the litigation that inevitably followed—has only increased uncer-tainty in Indian Country and is in di-rect opposition to the entire notion of Tribal sovereignty. Indian Tribes have a right to sov-ereignty. We must work to ensure there is true parity between govern-ments. We must actively respect the government-to-government relation-ship. Over the last many years, Congress has worked to address policies that have been detrimental to Tribes, in-cluding those affecting Tribal sov-ereignty. That is why we are here today to vote on this important piece of legislation. Tribal sovereignty al-lows Tribes to govern themselves, to regulate Tribal businesses, and to pro-vide essential services for Tribal mem-bers. As we consider this package before us today, I want to commend Chairman HOEVEN , Vice Chairman U DALL , and others for working together to move this important legislation through the Senate. This package is no different. Senator M
CCAIN and Senator F LAKE have worked for many years to resolve the White Mountain Apache water settle-ment issues. I see Senator F
LAKE is here to discuss those issues. Senator H
EINRICH and Senator U DALL recognize the need for greater certainty in land management through the Santa Clara long-term lease. Senator M
ORAN has been a great leader on this issue. That is why I am proud to be standing with him today. I would urge all of my colleagues to join Chairman H
OEVEN , Senator M
ORAN , and our committee in pro-viding the parity for Tribal govern-ments as they govern their future. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Wyoming for his comments and all those who have worked so hard to bring this legislation to the floor, which we will be voting on later tonight. Indian water settlements are an in-valuable tool to ensure that Tribes re-ceive the water rights they are entitled 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16AP6.003 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2133 April 16, 2018 
to and that other water users are given the certainty they require. In States like my home State of Ari-zona, water rights have a substantial impact on the lives and livelihoods of so many residents. So these measures are critical to communities around the great State of Arizona. I rise today to support the legislation I introduced aimed at ensuring that the previously enacted White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantifica-tion Act of 2010 is properly interpreted by the Department of Interior. This bill clarifies that settlement funds awarded to the Tribe may be used for a critical rural water system. This new system is essential for the Tribe and will allow them to deliver drinking water to their members. The measure I am proposing today is also time sensitive. The White Moun-tain settlement includes an enforce-ability date that means if this water system project is not completely ap-proved by May 2021, it becomes void. In order to realistically meet this dead-line, this bill must pass as soon as pos-sible so that the Tribe has time to complete the necessary project studies. This bill also corrects an issue with the National Labor Relations Act. For nearly 70 years, Tribal governments were exempt from the act, just like local and State governments and the Federal Government. However, in 2004 the NLRB inappropriately ruled that Tribes were no longer exempt. This measure would create parity for Tribal governments, giving them the same employer rights afforded to other Fed-eral, State, and local governments. Importantly, this element of the bill also applies to Tribal employers on Tribal lands, meaning any tribally owned and operated institution not on Tribal land would be treated as normal, private-sector employers. This bill also offers two important clarifications— one of which is desperately needed to allow the White Mountain Apache Tribe to move forward on a vital rural water system project. I urge the bill’s passage so that we can ensure that Tribes are best able to serve their people and to improve their communities. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B
AR-
RASSO ). The Senator from Kansas. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, thank you for your remarks on the floor ear-lier this afternoon. I rise to have the Senate consider and to have a con-versation about S. 140, a package of three bills that will have positive bene-fits on Indian Country. Two bills in the package—the Sen-ator from Arizona was talking about one of them. Two bills in this package, S. 140, the White Mountain Apache Water Rights Quantification Act, spon-sored by Senators Flake and McCain, and S. 249, a bill to provide that the Pueblo of Santa Clara may lease for 99 years certain restricted land, sponsored by Senators U
DALL and H EINRICH of New Mexico, have already received unanimous consent from the Senate. The third bill in the package, the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act, was at-tached as a message from the House to S. 140 in January. I am the sponsor of this legislation in the Senate, which should be noncontroversial in a cham-ber where Members of the Senate pro-fess to be supportive of Tribal sov-ereignty. This concept has been around since 2005, and I became interested in this topic and introduced legislation in 2013—now 5 years ago. I suppose all of us, from time to time, may introduce legislation that is a messaging point or a talking point. In this and in most every other case, when I introduce legislation I work hard to see that it becomes law. I work in a bipartisan way to bring Repub-licans and Democrats together and for rural and urban Members of the Senate to work together. This is an example of that. There is nothing about this legis-lation that is a messaging to Tribes or to others. It is not an introduction of a piece of legislation designed to make a point. It is a piece of legislation de-signed to become law. This bill has passed the House and is now pending here in the Senate today. I hope to use this opportunity to con-vey to my colleagues that this legisla-tion is not a radical proposition but rather a restoration of the sovereign status of Tribal governments. Indeed, by moving forward with this legisla-tion, we can enshrine the status quo that existed for 70 years after the pas-sage of the National Labor Relations Act, until the National Labor Rela-tions Board stripped Tribes of their government status under the NLRA. By making explicit that Tribal govern-ments are distinct and sovereign and capable of making their own decisions, we will correct a decade-old error made by the NLRB. (Mr. YOUNG assumed the Chair.) The Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act is simple and narrow. It amends the NLRA to exempt tribally owned enti-ties operated on tribally owned lands— no more, no less. Businesses owned by individual Tribal members or oper-ations off Tribal lands still remain sub-ject to the scrutiny of the NLRB. Many of those who have expressed opposition to this bill will say: I sup-port Tribal sovereignty—but. If you have to qualify your support for Tribal sovereignty in order to protect your own interests instead of the Tribes, then, no, you really don’t support Trib-al sovereignty. Tribal sovereignty is something we believe in. Tribes of Na-tive Americans—those who inhabited this country before our ancestors ar-rived—were granted sovereignty over their own businesses decades or genera-tions ago. Senators have voiced on the Senate floor that this is not about sovereignty but about an attack on labor. That is simply not true. One accusation is that this bill is truly an attack on labor be-cause it doesn’t provide exemptions from other Federal legislation. If my colleagues are objecting to this bill be-cause of its narrow scope, then will they support making it broader? I think the answer to that is clearly no. If they are serious about that, then let’s have a conversation. I am not new to Tribal issues. My in-troduction to this topic began when I was elected to the Kansas State Senate a long time ago now. I was a freshman member. I happened to have a law de-gree and was assigned by the leadership of the State senate to conduct negotia-tions and to chair a committee on In-dian gaming in Kansas. I spent the next 2 years in front of a Federal dis-trict judge, negotiating an agreement under IGRA for Indian gaming in Kan-sas. Other examples of our efforts include the passage of general welfare exclu-sion legislation with Senator HEITKAMP  of North Dakota that passed this Sen-ate and became law several years ago now. Again, it was trying to make clear that Tribal decisions made on be-half of Tribal members are much better decisions than those made by Congress but especially by those made by agen-cies and bureaucracies—in that case, the IRS; today, the National Labor Re-lations Board. We have also worked on other issues related to Tribal interests, including a Carcieri fix and the ability to bring land into trust—issues that are impor-tant to Tribes across the country. My point is, this is another piece of legisla-tion in a series that the Senate has pursued in which we are doing right by those who preceded us as our ancestors settled in America. I don’t think that the critics of this bill want Tribal governments exempt from the other statutes either. No, the objection isn’t about the sovereignty granted by this legislation. It is not that it doesn’t go far enough; it is what it does grant sovereignty for. I would ask my colleagues: If the Senate denied Tribal sovereignty in this instance, what Tribal rights are going to be targeted next? The point is, if you are for sovereignty, you are for sovereignty in all circumstances, and you don’t have the ability to choose. It is based upon a legal and moral obliga-tion that we have to Tribes here in the United States. Others have criticized this legisla-tion. They have said that non-Tribal members cannot vote for Tribal gov-ernments, and therefore this is dif-ferent from States. Again, this legisla-tion puts Tribes in the same position, under NLRB, as States and other local units of government—but that is not true either. A person living in the Dis-trict of Columbia, who works in Vir-ginia, is subject to Virginia labor laws without having a say in forming those laws. In 2013, there was an issue of Tribal sovereignty on the U.S. Senate floor. It was broader than that. It was VAWA— the Violence Against Women Act. I supported its reauthorization, which included new authorities for Tribal governments to protect Native Amer-ican women when they are harmed by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16AP6.004 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2134 April 16, 2018 
non-Indians. With VAWA’s passage, Congress placed our trust in Tribes to exact justice in the circumstance of do-mestic violence and violence against women. The point here is that we rightly de-termined that Tribes should have the ability to punish Indian and non-Indian violent offenders, but today it is being argued that we can’t trust them to treat Indian and non-Indian employees justly. I remember the allegations against my colleagues who voted against VAWA were that they were not sup-portive of Tribal sovereignty. Those who oppose this bill today are subject to exactly the same criticism. There is also an assumption being made that employees of tribally owned entities are being treated poorly or will be treated poorly if this legislation passes. The majority of Tribes are lo-cated in rural areas, where the labor pool is often inadequate. It is to the Tribes’ advantage to treat their em-ployees fairly in order to retain them. As a matter of fact, many Tribes have the highest wages and provide the best benefits in their region. Tribal jobs are coveted because prospective employees know what they stand to gain by their employment. The idea that Tribal government en-terprise workers should be treated as commercial rather than governmental workers doesn’t hold up. A Tribal ca-sino worker is no less of a government employee than an employee of a State- owned-and-operated enterprise that in-cludes liquor stores, ski resorts, and, yes, casinos. In 2015, the Senate Indian Affairs Committee held legislative hearings on the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act—the legislation we are considering today— and testifying before the Committee was Robert Welch, chairman of the Viejas Band of Kumeyaay Indians in California. Despite being a unionized Tribe—employees of the tribally owned facilities are union members—Chair-man Welch testified in support of this bill. Many Tribes welcome labor unions. That is fine. The point is, it is their de-cision. The Tribal decision is where this issue rests. The point of this legis-lation is it is up to the Tribes to de-cide, not the NLRB. More than 160 Tribes and Tribal orga-nizations support this legislation and have worked hard to see its passage. They support it because the principle of Tribal sovereignty is critical to their well-being. The vote I seek today is not a par-tisan ploy. I have worked to pass this legislation without a recorded vote. I have taken to the floor to do live UC requests on a number of occasions but have been met with objections. I have worked to get this legislation included in appropriations bills, but it was al-ways forced out at the last minute. In recent bipartisan legislation, Re-publican leadership, Chairman H
OEVEN , and I were open to attaching both NAHASDA and TLSA, but TLSA’s in-clusion was deemed unacceptable. This is not about making anybody cast a difficult vote. We have tried to do this in a way that eliminates that option, that necessity. We had two victories lined up for Indian Country— NAHASDA and TLSA—and we got no-where because of opposition to Tribal sovereignty. That brings us to where we are today on the Senate floor. It re-quires a Senate vote that will take place in a little more than half an hour. It is important to note that Tribal sovereignty enjoys bipartisan support. Nearly two dozen Democrats, including Members of the House Democratic leadership, supported this legislation in January when it passed the House, and we have strong bipartisan backing in the Senate as well. The Senate Com-mittee on Indian Affairs reported this out by voice vote last summer. Demo-cratic colleagues of mine have spoken in favor of it. The late Senator Daniel Inouye of Hawaii wrote in 2009: ‘‘Congress should affirm the original construction of NLRA by expressly including Indian tribes in the definition of employer.’’ Senator Daniel Inouye continues to be held in high regard in the U.S. Senate for his work in the U.S. Senate, for his service to his Nation, and for his firm commitment to Tribes and to Native Hawaiians. Again, Senator Inouye, who is no longer with us, said: ‘‘Congress should affirm the original construction of the NLRA by expressly including In-dian tribes in the definition of em-ployer.’’ What this bipartisan consensus dem-onstrates is that this is not about labor. This is about the ability of Trib-al governments to be treated equally as other levels of government and to pro-vide vital services to their people with-out fear of work stoppages. Jefferson Keel, president of the Na-tional Congress of American Indians, wrote in February: Tribes make an array of public services available to their tribal citizens and other local residents: law enforcement, fire and EMS departments, schools and hospitals, and natural resource management. 
These are things Tribes do on a daily basis for Tribal members and for resi-dents. 
All tribal governments play critical roles in ensuring the safety, health, and stability of tribal and surrounding communities. 
He goes on to write that in 1935, Con-gress ‘‘did not want the kind of labor strife and work stoppages that could paralyze federal, state and local gov-ernments, jeopardizing public health and safety in the process.’’ Eighty years later, why it is that every other form of government in this country is treated one way and Tribes another? That, my colleagues, is not right. Why do Tribes have to accept others determining their workplace rules but not their counterparts? Why is it that the well-being of Native Americans on reservations, who rely on these services, might be placed at risk? But most importantly, why would we deny sovereignty when Tribes are enti-tled to it? Senator UDALL , my friend and col-league from New Mexico, who serves as our committee’s vice chair, the rank-ing member, understands the impor-tance of self-governance. He recently said: ‘‘Decisions made by Tribes for Tribes produce the best outcomes for their unique communities.’’ Is there a U.S. Senator who doesn’t believe that decisions made at home are better because we are all unique? We have unique circumstances in every State across the country and in every community. Local folks can make bet-ter decisions about what makes sense in their local community. We know that for our constituents; we should know that for Tribal members. Again, Senator U
DALL said: ‘‘Decisions made by Tribes for Tribes produce the best outcomes for their unique cir-cumstances.’’ What we will be voting on shortly is really a question of whether the Mem-bers of this Chamber—U.S. Senators who swore to uphold the Constitution and fill their responsibilities—believe that Tribal governments, elected by their members, possess the right to make informed decisions on behalf of those they represent. I say they do, and I hope that most of my colleagues—in fact, I hope all of my colleagues agree with that sentiment. We have been working at this legisla-tion for 5 years now. Decisions will be made 30 minutes from now that will have a huge consequence, perhaps not on me, perhaps not on many of my con-stituents but on Tribal leaders and the individual Tribal members who elected them to make decisions on their be-half. We would be offended if people intruded on our abilities to make deci-sions for our constituents, and Tribal leaders are no different. This is important legislation. It is not political. It is about making the right decision for the right reason so that good outcomes can benefit all Americans—all who live here in the United States—and I ask my colleagues to seriously consider and, ultimately, vote for this bill, S. 140, which includes the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. M
ORAN ). The Senator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I strong-ly encourage my colleagues to reject this anti-worker bill masquerading as an issue of Tribal sovereignty. I strongly support Tribal sov-ereignty. I can’t speak for everyone in this body, but I am virtually certain that every single Democratic Member of this body supports Tribal sov-ereignty, and I am pretty certain that most Republican Members of this body support Tribal sovereignty, but that is not what this bill is about. This is just the latest battle in the decades-long war that so many in this town have been waging to undermine the rights of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16AP6.005 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2135 April 16, 2018 
American workers. This bill strips away the rights of 600,000 employees at Tribal casinos, so 600,000 employees at casinos on Tribal lands will lose their right to collective bargaining. We know what that means to their wages and their benefits. Seventy-five per-cent of these 600,000 employees are not members of a Tribe. So when these ca-sinos all over the country, on reserva-tions, these casinos on Indian lands— most of the 600,000 employees at the Tribal casinos have the right to collec-tively bargain, to form unions if they choose, to collectively bargain if they choose, and to get better wages and benefits if that is what brings them to it. Again, 75 percent of these workers are not members of any of these Tribes. There are other Federal laws that apply to workplaces on Tribal lands. The Fair Labor Standards Act, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Employment Retirement Income Security Act—so-called ERISA—and title III of the Americans with Disabil-ities Act all apply on Tribal lands, but this bill only goes after collective bar-gaining rights, only goes after those workers. There is no reason Congress should single out and attack the rights of these workers to organize and advo-cate for themselves in the workplace. We can protect Tribal sovereignty. I want to do that. I am leading the charge against this bill. I want to pro-tect Tribal sovereignty, but you can also protect workers’ rights at the same time. You don’t have to jettison workers’ rights. You don’t have to hurt these workers. We don’t have to take rights away from these workers—the right to organize and bargain collec-tively—in order to protect Tribal sov-ereignty. Our laws do that right now. Some of my colleagues will say they want to make sure that Tribes have the same rights as States, whose work-ers are carved out of the National Labor Relations Act, but Tribal gov-ernment employees are already ex-empted from the National Labor Rela-tions Act. This bill eliminates the Fed-eral labor rights of workers at for-prof-it businesses, like casinos. So who is behind this? The national chamber of commerce wants to go after unions every chance they get and take away collective bargaining rights. Do you know what that means when com-panies do that? It means higher profits. It means they can pay less to workers. It means they can strip workers of their healthcare and their retirement. Of course these companies want to take away collective bargaining rights and put unions out of business. That is the whole point of this bill. Again, Tribal government employees are already exempted from the NLRA. This bill eliminates the Federal labor rights of workers at for-profit busi-nesses, like casinos. You don’t think these casinos are making lots of money? Of course they are. They will make more money if you take away the collective bargaining rights of em-ployees. Employees will make less. Employees will, in some cases, lose their health insurance. Employees will get fewer dollars for retirement, but profits will go up for these casinos. These casinos are often run by com-panies that have nothing to do with these Tribes. That is not establishing parity. States can’t carve out home State, for-profit businesses from the NLRA. Nevada can’t say that it has de-cided its casinos on the Vegas Strip are exempt from Federal labor laws. So why would we treat these private, for- profit casinos any differently? Supporters of the bill will say it is necessary to prevent overreach by the National Labor Relations Board. That argument doesn’t hold up either. The Board is methodically evaluated when they do and don’t assert jurisdiction on Federal lands. They use a very careful test to ensure that the Board’s juris-diction does not infringe on Tribal rights or interfere in the Tribes’ exclu-sive right to self-government. All of us in this body—at least all of us on this side of the aisle; I think all of us in the body—of course we want to make sure that Tribal rights are en-forced and that we don’t interfere in the Tribes’ exclusive right to self-gov-ernance. These, though, are for-profit businesses on these reservations. In a June 2015 decision, the Board used the test and did not assert juris-diction in a labor dispute on Tribal lands. As I said, I think all of us here sup-port Tribal sovereignty. I wish all of us here supported American workers’ right to organize just as strongly. My friends on this side of the aisle have spent day after day, week after week, month after month, doing all they can to stop workers in my State, in the State of Kansas, and all over this country from organizing. This bill is an attempt to take advantage of Tribe support in Congress to attack workers. There is another provision slipped in. At a time when Congress is engaged in a long-overdue discussion about sexual harassment in the workplace, this bill repeals all Federal protections against harassment for the 600,000 workers. So it strips collective bargaining rights from 600,000 people. It also repeals all Federal protection against sexual har-assment for those same 600,000 workers. Right now, these workers cannot bring Federal harassment claims. Their only Federal protection against harassment is the NLRA. Under that law, workers have the right to collectively protest harassment. They can file grievances under union contracts to enforce their rights. If this bill passes, that Federal protection will disappear. All of the collective bargaining agreements in these workplaces would expire at the end of their terms, and the union-won protections against harassment would simply disappear along with all of them. We are going in the wrong direction. Today more than ever, workers need a voice in the workplace. Think about this: Over the last 40 years, gross domestic product has gone up and up and up. Corporate profits have gone up and up and up; worker productivity has gone up and up and up; executive salaries have gone up and up and up—all because of the produc-tivity of American workers. But work-ers haven’t shared in the wealth that they have created for their bosses. Workers haven’t shared in the growth of those companies. Wages are flat. So think about that again. Profits go up, productivity goes up, executive sal-aries go up, productivity of American workers, as I said, goes up, but wages are flat. A big part of that is because of this attack from this body and the House of Representatives—the attack on workers trying to organize and bar-gain collectively. So if this bill passes, we are going to make sure that 600,000 fewer Americans have the right to or-ganize and bargain collectively. Again, it means profits will go up at these ca-sinos, executive salaries will go up at the casinos, and wages will be flat and go down even as these companies do better and better. Workers don’t share in the growth they create. Hard work just doesn’t pay off the way it used to. The dignity of work has been undermined by this Sen-ate, by the House of Representatives, and by the White House. If work isn’t valued, then Americans can’t earn their way to a better life for their fam-ilies no matter how hard they work. This bill will make it harder for these workers to ensure that their work is valued. This bill undermines the dignity of work in this country. We ought to be lifting up workers. We shouldn’t be un-dermining their right to advocate for themselves. These are workers banding together to advocate for themselves. Their voices are stronger when they are together, and that is when manage-ment has to listen to them. That is why they get better wages. That is why they get better healthcare. That is why they get better retirement. But we know what this bill does. It doesn’t protect Tribal sovereignty. That is just what they say it does, just like they said—80 percent of the tax cut went to the richest 1 percent of Americans, and they called that a tax cut for the mid-dle class. Surely it wasn’t that. Just like the bank bill that rolls back some tough rules on Wall Street—they like to say that was a bill for the small banks. No, it wasn’t. It was much about Wall Street. Just like this bill is not for Tribal sovereignty—it is to help put labor unions out of business and depress wages. That is why I oppose this bill. I urge my colleagues to vote no. 
NOMINATION OF RONNY JACKSON  
Mr. President, over the next few weeks, the Senate will consider the President’s nominee to head the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, Dr. Ronny Jackson. I will be meeting with Dr. Jackson tomorrow, and I look for-ward to that meeting. I am eager to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16AP6.007 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2136 April 16, 2018 
hear what his plans are and how he will make the VA system work better for the women and men who serve our country. I will have some tough ques-tions for him. I know my friend, the Senator from Kansas and the current Presiding Officer, who also sits on the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, has the same concerns that I have. One of my top priorities will be find-ing out his views on the misguided idea that some are pushing of privatizing the Veterans’ Administration. Privatizing the VA would mean putting profits ahead of veterans. It would mean depriving the women and men who served our country the best pos-sible care just to line the pockets of healthcare executives. We have seen what happens when we introduce corporate profit motives into organizations that should be set up to serve the American people. Just look how private, for-profit charter schools have failed children in my State. The owners of the private, for-profit char-ter schools have done well, while tax-payers have been fleeced and students have been betrayed. We know that pri-vatization of the prison system or pri-vatization of Social Security or privat-ization of Medicare or privatization of the Veterans’ Administration all works the same way. The people who are to be served find they have less quality care or service. The people who own the newly privatized agencies or companies do very well. Study after study in my State shows these for-profit charter schools don’t give Ohio students an adequate edu-cation and cost taxpayers more. Ac-cording to a report from Stanford Uni-versity’s Center for Research on Edu-cation Outcomes, students at Ohio’s charter schools lose 43 days of math in-struction and 14 days of reading in-struction, compared with traditional public schools in the State. We allowed for-profit school operators to inject profits into Ohio’s public education, and they treated taxpayers like ATM machines and shortchanged students. We can’t allow the same thing to hap-pen to veterans. I will fight any effort to use America’s veterans to pad the profits of wealthy corporations. Dr. Jackson will have to commit to oppose any VA privatization efforts to earn my vote. We know the VA system isn’t perfect, and we know it can improve. We have work to do to rebuild and strengthen it. Dr. Shulkin was trying to do that and made some inroads in doing it, but it will be hard. It is the largest healthcare system in the country. It serves 9 million veterans every year and provides care at more than 1,200 fa-cilities across the country, including about three dozen in my State. Some of those serve veterans very well, while others need significant in-vestment to improve their services. Too many veterans still face obstacles to get the highest quality care through the VA system. I know veterans service organizations, some of the best groups and civic organizations in our coun-try—to name a few, knowing I will leave some out: the Disabled American Veterans, the American Legion, the AMVETS, the Veterans of Foreign Wars, the Paralyzed Veterans of Amer-ica, the Polish American Veterans—all these organizations have said: We don’t want to privatize the VA. We want im-provements in the Veterans’ Adminis-tration, but we want to keep it a public organization that serves veterans who fought for this country. Just because the task to fix the VA is hard doesn’t mean we abandon our re-sponsibility to the men and women who served this country. We need to re-double our efforts to strengthen the VA, not tear it down and not privatize it. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I under-stand there is 4 minutes left, and I might go a few minutes over. I ask unanimous consent to complete my re-marks. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I rise in support of S. 140, as amended, the bill sponsored by the outstanding Senator from the great State of Kansas, Mr. M
ORAN . This bill affirms Tribal sov-ereignty and upholds the unique gov-ernment-to-government relationship the United States shares with the In-dian nations. As chairman of the Indian Affairs Committee, I have long said there is far more common ground than division on Indian issues. Our committee has a strong tradition of working in a bipar-tisan manner to improve the lives of Indian people and to build stronger Na-tive American communities. With the support of Indian Country, we have successfully advanced impor-tant initiatives to support Tribal eco-nomic development, healthcare, public safety, and housing. Additionally, we have worked to support our many Na-tive veterans. Native Americans proud-ly serve and defend our great country at some of the highest rates per capita of any ethnic group. Of the 29 bills we have cleared through the Indian Affairs Committee this Congress, 18 have passed the Sen-ate by unanimous consent and 4 have already been signed into law. Jefferson Keel, lieutenant governor of the Chickasaw Nation and president of the National Congress of American Indians, recently stated in an op-ed piece to The Hill: ‘‘Both political par-ties have seen the wisdom of sup-porting strong tribal governments and tribal sovereignty and have to realize that as the most local of governments, tribes know best how to solve local challenges.’’ Tribal sovereignty is the inherent right of Indian Tribes to govern them-selves on their own lands, and it is the cornerstone of our government-to-gov-ernment, nation-to-nation relation-ship. Today marks a real opportunity for the Senate to affirm and celebrate Tribal sovereignty and self-determina-tion. The Senate will be considering S. 140, as amended, ‘‘An Act to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010.’’ This bill combines both Republican and Democratic bills into three sections of S. 140. Each of these bills—S. 140, S. 249, and S. 63—all passed out of the In-dian Affairs Committee with bipartisan support. The first section of S. 140 would allow for a technical amendment so the White Mountain Apache Tribe can use all or a portion of already appropriated funds from a water rights settlement to complete their drinking water sys-tem in Arizona. This section was origi-nally sponsored by Senators FLAKE and M
CCAINas S. 140. The bill was voice- voted out of the Indian Affairs Com-mittee and passed the Senate by unani-mous consent. Section 2 of S. 140 would amend the Indian Long-Term Leasing Act so that the Pueblos of Santa Clara and Ohkay Owingeh are authorized to lease their respective Indian trust and restricted lands for up to 99 years. This is iden-tical language to S. 249, a bill that was introduced by Senators U
DALL and H
EINRICH of New Mexico. That bill was passed by the committee on February 8, 2017. Section 3 of S. 140 would amend and clarify the National Labor Relations Act so that Indian Tribes, Tribal gov-ernments, and tribally owned and oper-ated institutions and enterprises that are located on Indian lands would be provided parity under the law with re-spect to other governments. This would reverse the 2004 National Labor Rela-tions Board decision that found Tribal governments to be private organiza-tions. That NLRB decision overturned years of precedent. Let’s listen to Tribal leaders. In his prepared statement to the Committee on Indian Affairs regarding the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act of 2015, then- Governor Paul Torres of the Pueblo of Isleta stated: 
This bill is essential to restore the dignity and equality of Indian tribes as sovereigns, which the National Labor Relations Board is seeking to deny us. The Board treats every sovereign, all the way down to local govern-ments and political subdivisions of the state, as exempt from the National Labor Rela-tions Act except for one—Indian tribes. It does so even though Congress made clear, when the NLRA was enacted, that the Act does not apply to sovereign entities. The NLRA does not mention Indian tribes and for a long time the Board recognized that the Act does not apply to Tribes. Since 2004, it wants that power—but it did not ask Con-gress for it. Nor did it ask the Tribes for their views. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16AP6.008 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2137 April 16, 2018 
So this clearly goes beyond what should be allowed under the law. We have accomplished a lot in our com-mittee, and it is because we have lis-tened to Tribal leaders and their com-munities. This bill, S. 140, has the sup-port of every Tribal leader across the country, the National Congress of American Indians, the National Indian Gaming Association, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and many other organi-zations. With that, Mr. President, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on cloture and on passage of this bill. With that, I yield the floor. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur in the House amendment to S. 140, an act to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Qualification Act of 2010 to clarify use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund. Mitch McConnell, Cory Gardner, Orrin G. Hatch, Tom Cotton, Steve Daines, Roy Blunt, Mike Crapo, James E. Risch, Johnny Isakson, John Thune, Thom Tillis, James M. Inhofe, Pat Roberts, John Hoeven, John Boozman, Jeff Flake, Jerry Moran. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to concur in the House amendment to S. 140, an act to amend the White Moun-tain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quan-tification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), the Sen-ator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) would have voted ‘‘yea’’. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 55, nays 41, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 74 Leg.] YEAS—55 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Toomey Udall Warner Wicker Young NAYS—41 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Hirono Jones Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Portman Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Van Hollen Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—4 
Duckworth McCain Rubio Tillis 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 55, the nays are 41. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The majority leader. 
MOTION TO REFER WITH AMENDMENT NO . 2229 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I move to table the motion to refer. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
MOTION TO CONCUR WITH AMENDMENT NO . 2227 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I move to table the motion to concur with further amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
MOTION TO CONCUR WITH AMENDMENT NO . 2232 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I move to concur in the House amendment to S. 140, with a further amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] moves to concur in the House amend-ment to S. 140, with an amendment num-bered 2232. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I send a cloture motion to the desk on the motion to concur with further amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur in the House amendment to S. 140, an act to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund, with a further amendment. Mitch McConnell, John Barrasso, Roy Blunt, Johnny Isakson, Todd Young, Tom Cotton, Tim Scott, Roger F. Wicker, Cory Gardner, John Thune, Jerry Moran, John Hoeven, Lamar Alexander, Pat Roberts, Mike Crapo, Jeff Flake, John Boozman. Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays on the motion to concur with amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2233 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2232 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I have a second-degree amendment at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 2233 to amendment No. 2232. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
At the end add the following. ‘‘This Act shall take effect 1 day after the date of enactment.’’ 
MOTION TO REFER WITH AMENDMENT NO . 2234 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I move to refer the House message on S. 140 to the Committee on Commerce with instructions to report back forth-with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] moves to refer the House message to accompany S. 140 to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation with in-structions to report back forthwith with an amendment numbered 2234. 
The amendment is as follows: 
At the end add the following. ‘‘This Act shall take effect 2 days after the date of enactment.’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays on my motion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2235 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I have an amendment to the instruc-tions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16AP6.010 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2138 April 16, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 2235 to the instructions of the motion to refer. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘2’’ and insert ‘‘3’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays on my amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2236 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2235 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I have a second-degree amendment at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator for Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 2236 to amendment No. 2235. 
The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘3 days’’ and insert ‘‘4 days’’ f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 609. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of J
AMES  B
RIDENSTINE , of Oklahoma, to be Ad-ministrator of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the on the nomination of James Bridenstine, of Okla-homa, to be Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. Mitch McConnell, John Hoeven, Johnny Isakson, James Lankford, Steve Daines, Mike Crapo, John Kennedy, John Barrasso, John Thune, Thom Tillis, Roger F. Wicker, James M. Inhofe, Richard Burr, Mike Rounds, Shelley Moore Capito, Tom Cotton, Cory Gardner. Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory quorum call be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate resume legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (At the request of Mr. CORNYN, the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I joined President Trump in Florida to discuss the benefits of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act with local businesses. Due to these important discussions, I will miss today’s vote.∑ (At the request of Mr. DURBIN, the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Ms. DUCKWORTH. Madam President, I was necessarily absent for vote No. 74 on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to concur in the House amend-ment to S. 140. On vote No. 74, had I been present, I would have voted nay on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to concur in the House amend-ment to S. 140.∑ 
f 
AMENDING THE WHITE MOUNTAIN APACHE TRIBE WATER RIGHTS QUANTIFICATION BILL Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, I am delighted the Senate has decided to take up S. 140, a bill to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund which, in part, includes a bill I have cosponsored, S. 63, the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act of 2017. S. 63 is a much needed reform meas-ure aimed at correcting excessive gov-ernment overreach by the National Labor Relations Board, NLRB. In 2004, the NLRB overturned longstanding precedent by asserting its authority over Native American Tribes. The NLRB never should have expanded its authority to Indian Tribes located on Tribal land. This decision has caused tremendous legal confusion and stagna-tion of Indian business development. Fortunately, with passage of S. 140, the Congress is acting to address bureau-cratic overreach by the NLRB. I urge my colleagues to support its passage. NOMINATION OBJECTION Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, I am putting a hold on the nomination of Mr. Jason Klitenic to be General Coun-sel of the Office of Director of National Intelligence. I intend to maintain the hold until there is a satisfactory re-sponse to the March 6, 2018, letter Sen-ator GRASSLEY and I sent the Director of National Intelligence regarding the Intelligence Community Office of In-spector General, OIG, and the termi-nation of its Executive Director of In-telligence Community Whistleblowing and Source Protection. To date, we have received no response to the letter, nor have we been provided the docu-ments related to the Executive Direc-tor’s termination requested in the let-ter. My hold is not connected to the qualifications of Mr. Klitenic to serve in the position to which he has been nominated, and it is my intention to release the hold once my concerns re-lated to the OIG are resolved. I ask unanimous consent to have the March 6, 2018, letter printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MARCH 6, 2018. Hon. D
ANIEL COATS , Director of National Intelligence, Washington, DC. D
EARDIRECTOR COATS : We write to express deep concern about the Office of the Intel-ligence Community Inspector General (OIG) and to urge that you stay actions taken by the OIG pending confirmation of the new In-spector General. We are writing to you be-cause the current acting leadership of the OIG is the subject of our concerns as well as the subject of allegations in connection with the specific personnel matter in question. Late last week, the OIG’s Executive Direc-tor of Intelligence Community Whistle-blowing and Source Protection (the ‘‘Execu-tive Director’’) was terminated in a process marked by procedural irregularities and seri-ous conflicts of interest. Further, the termi-nation of the Executive Director came after an extended period during which the acting leadership of the OIG demonstrated a lack of support for the critical whistleblower protec-tion mission of the office. The timing of these actions, which oc-curred during the confirmation process for Mr. Michael Atkinson to be the new Inspec-tor General, is especially troubling. We are concerned that the termination of the Exec-utive Director may constitute an effort to preempt the nominee’s authority to make his own decisions upon confirmation. More-over, during the nominee’s hearing, multiple U.S. Senators expressed the expectation that the nominee would, if confirmed, address their concerns regarding the current acting leadership of the OIG and its approach to whistleblowers. We are concerned that any preemptive steps taken by the acting leader-ship risk undercutting the constitutional au-thority of the U.S. Senate to provide advice and consent through the confirmation proc-ess. We therefore write with several urgent re-quests. First, on November 29, 2017, Senator Grassley sent you and the Acting Inspector General letters urging the preservation of all records relating to the Executive Director’s then-proposed termination, as well as all the contents of the Executive Director’s office. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16AP6.018 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2139 April 16, 2018 
Senator Grassley has not received responses to those letters. We request that you respond and that you ensure that the Acting Inspec-tor General responds as well. We further re-quest that the preservation described in the letters be implemented, and that it be ap-plied as well to all subsequent records re-lated to the Executive Director’s termi-nation and all matters then pending involv-ing his Office. Second, Senator Grassley’s letters re-quested documents related to the personnel action against the Executive Director and related matters. We request your support in ensuring that Congress receives the docu-ments described in the letters as well as sub-sequent documents related to the process by which the Executive Director was termi-nated. Finally, we urge that all personnel deci-sions made by the OIG since the nomination of Mr. Atkinson, including the termination of the Executive Director, be stayed pending his confirmation. (Mr. Atkinson’s nomina-tion has been favorably reported by both the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs and the Select Committee on Intelligence and is awaiting final Senate action on the Calendar.) Upon his confirma-tion, the new Inspector General should have the unfettered authority to consider both personnel and policy matters de novo with-out being hindered by preemptive actions taken by the current acting leadership. Thank you for your attention to this ur-gent matter. Sincerely, C
HARLES GRASSLEY , U.S. Senator. R
ONWYDEN , U.S. Senator. f 
TRIBUTE TO LIEUTENANT COLONEL CHARCILLEA SCHAEFER Mr. MORAN. Madam President, I would like to take a few moments of the Senate’s time this evening to rec-ognize servicemembers who take time away from core missions serving our Nation to support Members of Congress to facilitate a healthy and balanced ex-change with the Department of De-fense. We work in an environment in which we are surrounded by these dedi-cated individuals in our Armed Forces. They educate us, prepare us, and do their very best to make sure the mem-bers of this body can strive to do their work in the most effective way pos-sible. The vast majority of their efforts go without proper acknowledgement. I speak today to ensure that we recog-nize one of the hardest working and dedicated individuals among them, LTC Charcillea Schaefer. As an Amer-ican soldier, she has dedicated her life to serving our country, and for the past 3 years, she has successfully supported me and other Members of Congress. I have been able to work with Charcy by virtue of the U.S. Army Congres-sional Fellowship Program. Through this program, she was assigned to the U.S. Army’s congressional budget liai-son office, where she worked alongside Senate appropriators and Army leaders in the Pentagon. Charcy directly im-proved the relationships between Mem-bers of Congress, their staffs, and Army leaders with her ability to build trust and gain confidence among those who relied on her. Her accurate and timely responses to the Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Af-fairs, and Related Agencies had a sig-nificant impact on the subcommittee’s ability to establish priorities and craft appropriations legislation that better serves our military, their families, and our veterans. Charcy was skilled in translating the military construction needs of the Army such as military hospitals, bar-racks, and clean energy initiatives. She also helped Members understand the impact new construction and facility upgrades would have in direct support of combatant commands and their mis-sions. Charcy was influential in assist-ing the Subcommittee on Military Con-struction, Veterans Affairs, and Re-lated Agencies support one of our Na-tion’s most sacred and cherished treas-ures, the Arlington National Cemetery. Charcy is trustworthy and depend-able, she made a difference, and I am grateful for her support. On behalf of Kansans and the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Mili-tary Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, I offer sincere gratitude to Charcillea Schaefer of Centreville, VA. Charcy, ma’am, thank you for a job well done. I wish you nothing but the best in your future endeavors and serv-ice to our Nation. f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message from the President of the United States was communicated to the Senate by Ms. Cuccia, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGE REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate a mes-sage from the President of the United States submitting a nomination which was referred to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. (The message received today is print-ed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 3:04 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 4790. An act to amend the Volcker rule to give the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System sole rulemaking au-thority, to exclude community banks from the requirements of the Volcker rule, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bill was read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 4790. An act to amend the Volcker rule to give the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System sole rulemaking au-thority, to exclude community banks from the requirements of the Volcker rule, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. f MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the sec-ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 2667. A bill to amend the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 to provide for State and Tribal regulation of hemp production, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–4872. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Tetraconazole; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (40 CFR Part 180) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 11, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4873. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Sulfentrazone; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (40 CFR Part 180) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 11, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4874. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fluensulfone; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (40 CFR Part 180) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 11, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4875. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Clethodim; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (40 CFR Part 180) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 11, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4876. A communication from the Con-gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Rinder-pest; Update of Communicable Animal Dis-ease Provisions’’ (Docket No. APHIS–2017– 0070) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 11, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–4877. A joint communication from the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the fiscal year 2018 report on the plan for the nu-clear weapons stockpile, complex, delivery systems, and command and control systems (OSS–2018–0437); to the Committees on Armed Services; Appropriations; and Foreign Relations. EC–4878. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition and Sustainment), transmitting, pursuant to law, the quarterly exception Selected Acqui-sition Reports (SARs) for the Army and Air Force Major Defense Acquisition Programs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.044 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2140 April 16, 2018 
(MDAPs) (OSS–2018–0418); to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4879. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition and Sustainment), transmitting, pursuant to law, the quarterly exception Selected Acqui-sition Reports (SARs) for the Navy/Marine Corps Major Defense Acquisition Programs (MDAPs) (OSS–2018–0352); to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4880. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the fiscal year 2017 Annual Nu-clear Weapons Stockpile Assessments from the Secretaries of Defense and Energy, the three national security laboratory directors, and the Commander, United States Strategic Command (OSS–2018–0353); to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4881. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-eral Christopher F. Burne, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4882. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Paternity Claims and Adop-tion Proceedings Involving Members and Former Members of the Armed Forces’’ (RIN0790–AJ97) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 11, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4883. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Pricing and Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Competition for Re-ligious-Related Services Contracts’’ ((RIN0750–AJ06) (DFARS Case 2016–D015)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 10, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4884. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Pricing and Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Consolidation of Contract Requirements’’ ((RIN0750–AJ43) (DFARS Case 2017–D004)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 10, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. EC–4885. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Pricing and Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Definition of ‘Infor-mation Technology’’’ ((RIN0750–AJ39) (DFARS Case 2017–D033)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 10, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. EC–4886. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Pricing and Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Educational Service Agreements’’ ((RIN0750–AJ49) (DFARS Case 2017–D039)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 10, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4887. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Pricing and Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Safe Access to Projects in Afghanistan’’ ((RIN0750–AJ38) (DFARS Case 2018–D007)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 10, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. EC–4888. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Pricing and Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Temporary Exten-sion of Test Program for Comprehensive Small Business Subcontracting Plan’’ ((RIN0750–AJ00) (DFARS Case 2015–D013)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 10, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4889. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Administrator, Fed-eral Transit Administration, Department of Transportation, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 12, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4890. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility (Iowa, Hancock County, City or Corwith, et al.)’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2018–0002)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 12, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4891. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment to the Export Administration Regula-tions to Reclassify Targets for the Produc-tion of Tritium and Related Development and Production Technology Initially Classi-fied Under the 0Y521 Series’’ (RIN0694–AG90) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 11, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4892. A communication from the Direc-tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Real Estate Appraisals’’ (RIN3064–AE56) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2019; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4893. A communication from the Acting Chairman, Federal Maritime Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 56th An-nual Report of the activities of the Federal Maritime Commission for fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4894. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Department’s Alternative Fuel Vehicle (AFV) program for fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–4895. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Review of the Primary National Am-bient Air Quality Standards for Oxides of Ni-trogen’’ ((RIN2060–AR57) (FRL No. 9976–78– OAR)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 11, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4896. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Illinois; Regional Haze Progress Report’’ (FRL No. 9976–70–Re-gion 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 11, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4897. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Florida Update to Materials Incorporated by Reference’’ (FRL No. 9975–70–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 11, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–4898. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Remedial actions for tax-advantaged bonds’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018– 26) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 12, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–4899. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Determination of Housing Cost Amounts Eligible for Exclusion or Deduction for 2018’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–33) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 10, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4900. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Section 911(d)(4)— 2017 Update’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–23) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 10, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4901. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Request for Com-ments on Scope of Determination Letter Program for Individually Designed Plans During Calendar Year 2019’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018– 24) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 10, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–4902. A communication from the Execu-tive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, two (2) reports relative to vacancies in the Department of Health and Human Services, received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 13, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4903. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States to the President Pro Tempore of the United States Senate, transmitting, consistent with the War Pow-ers Act, a report relative to targeted missile strikes on Syrian military chemical weap-ons-related facilities, received during ad-journment of the Senate on April 15, 2018; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4904. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the designation of a group as a Foreign Terrorist Organization by the Secretary of State (OSS–2018–0400); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4905. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s annual report con-cerning military assistance and military ex-ports (OSS–2018–0417); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4906. A communication from the Dep-uty Director, Office of Acquisition and As-sistance, U.S. Agency for International De-velopment, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend the USAID Acquisition Regulation (AIDAR) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.011 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2141 April 16, 2018 
Clause ‘Government Property—USAID Re-porting Requirements’’’ (RIN0412–AA89) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 22, 2018; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4907. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; HHS Notice of Benefit and Payment’’ received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 10, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4908. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Office of Standards, Regulations, and Variances, Mine Safety and Health Ad-ministration, Department of Labor, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Examinations of Working Places in Metal and Nonmetal Mines’’ (RIN1219–AB87) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4909. A communication from the Execu-tive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Assistant Secretary for Health, Department of Health and Human Services, received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 13, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4910. A communication from the Chair-man of the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s fiscal year 2017 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Em-ployee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4911. A communication from the Acting Deputy Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s fiscal year 2017 annual report relative to the Noti-fication and Federal Employee Antidiscrimi-nation and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–4912. A communication from the Vice Chairman, Merit Systems Protection Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s fiscal year 2017 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Anti-discrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4913. A communication from the Acting Chief Privacy and Civil Liberties Officer, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Privacy Act of 1974; Implementation’’’ (CPCLO Order No. 001–2018) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 11, 2018; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–4914. A communication from the Im-pact Analyst, Office of Regulation Policy and Management, Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedule for Rat-ing Disabilities; Gynecological Conditions and Disorders of the Breast’’ (RIN2900–AP13) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 11, 2018; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: S. 146. A bill to strengthen accountability for deployment of border security technology at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–230). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: H.R. 2825. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make certain im-provements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Homeland Security, and for other purposes. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. B EN-
NET, Mr. D ONNELLY , and Mr. Y OUNG ): S. 2669. A bill to provide for accelerated ap-proval of pain and addiction therapies; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Mr. K
ING): S. 2670. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to simplify the treatment of seasonal positions for purposes of the em-ployer shared responsibility requirement; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ): S. 2671. A bill to protect our Social Secu-rity system and improve benefits for current and future generations; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. R
OBERTS ): S. 2672. A bill to authorize the Society of the First Infantry Division to make modi-fications to the First Division Monument lo-cated on Federal land in President’s Park in Washington, DC, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ): S. 2673. A bill to limit the printing of the Congressional Record and the Senate Cal-endars, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. INHOFE: S. 2674. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to eliminate the taxable in-come limit on percentage depletion for oil and natural gas produced from marginal properties; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. INHOFE: S. 2675. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the depreciation rules for property used pre-dominantly within an Indian reservation; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Mr. M
URPHY ): S. 2676. A bill to permit certain disclosures of health information during emergencies, including overdoses; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. CAPITO: S. 2677. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against tax for coal-powered electric generation units; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. KAINE (for himself, Ms. W
AR-
REN, Mr. H ATCH , Ms. H ASSAN , and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): S. 2678. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Director of the Center for Substance Abuse Treatment of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, to publish and disseminate best practices for operating recovery housing, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself, Mr. DURBIN , and Mr. K
ENNEDY )): S. 2679. A bill to provide access to and manage the distribution of excess or surplus property to veteran-owned small businesses; to the Committee on Small Business and En-trepreneurship. By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M
URRAY ): S. 2680. A bill to address the opioid crisis; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. CORKER (for himself, Mr. K
AINE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. C OONS , Mr. Y
OUNG , and Mr. N ELSON ): S.J. Res. 59. A joint resolution to authorize the use of military force against the Taliban, al Qaeda, the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, and designated associated forces, and to provide an updated, transparent, and sus-tainable statutory basis for counterter-rorism operations; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. BURR (for himself, Ms. H
EITKAMP , and Mr. T ILLIS ): S. Res. 464. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of Take our Daughters and Sons To Work Day; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. M
CCONNELL: S. Res. 465. A resolution electing Michael C. Stenger as Sergeant at Arms and Door-keeper of the Senate; considered and agreed to. By Mr. M
CCONNELL: S. Res. 466. A resolution notifying the President of the United States of the elec-tion of a Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate; considered and agreed to. By Mr. M
CCONNELL: S. Res. 467. A resolution notifying the House of Representatives of the election of a Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate; considered and agreed to. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Ms. H IRONO , and Mr. B OOKER ): S. Res. 468. A resolution designating May 19, 2018, as ‘‘Kids to Parks Day’’ ; considered and agreed to. By Mr. MURPHY: S. Res. 469. A resolution recognizing the historic, cultural, and religious significance of the festival of Vaisakhi, and expressing support for all communities that celebrate Vaisakhi; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 298 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 298, a bill to require Senate candidates to file designations, state-ments, and reports in electronic form. 
S. 326 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.013 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2142 April 16, 2018 
MORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 326, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for the tax-exempt financing of certain gov-ernment-owned buildings. 
S. 422 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Cali-fornia (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 422, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify pre-sumptions relating to the exposure of certain veterans who served in the vi-cinity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes. 
S. 783 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 783, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to distribute maternity care health professionals to health professional shortage areas identified as in need of maternity care health services. 
S. 1403 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1403, a bill to amend the Public Lands Corps Act of 1993 to establish the 21st Century Conservation Service Corps to place youth and veterans in national service positions to conserve, restore, and enhance the great outdoors of the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 1989 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1989, a bill to enhance trans-parency and accountability for online political advertisements by requiring those who purchase and publish such ads to disclose information about the advertisements to the public, and for other purposes. 
S. 2203 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2203, a bill to amend title 9 of the United States Code with respect to arbitration. 
S. 2260 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2260, a bill to establish and fund an Opioids and STOP Initiative to expand, intensify, and coordinate fundamental, translational, and clinical research of the National Institutes of Health with respect to opioid abuse, the under-standing of pain, and the discovery and development of safer and more effec-tive treatments and preventive inter-ventions for pain. 
S. 2346 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2346, a bill to establish an innovative water infrastructure work-force development program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2404 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. VANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2404, a bill to amend the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 to reauthorize the or-ganic agriculture research and exten-sion initiative. 
S. 2586 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2586, a bill to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to in-crease the ability of a State to admin-ister a permit program under that Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 2587 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2587, a bill to amend the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 to establish a program to allow States to assume cer-tain Federal responsibilities under that Act with respect to agency actions ap-plicable to highway projects within the States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2588 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2588, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish a pro-gram to allow States to assume certain Federal responsibilities under that title with respect to agency actions ap-plicable to highway projects within the States, and for other purposes. 
S.J. RES. 57 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the names of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) and the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) were added as co-sponsors of S.J. Res. 57, a joint resolu-tion providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection relating to ‘‘Indirect Auto Lending and Compliance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act’’. 
S. RES. 460 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 460, a resolution con-demning Boko Haram and calling on the Governments of the United States of America and Nigeria to swiftly im-plement measures to defeat the ter-rorist organization. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. KAINE (for himself, Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. H ATCH , Ms. H AS-
SAN, and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ): S. 2678. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Director of the Center for Substance Abuse Treatment of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, to publish and disseminate best practices for op-erating recovery housing, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President. As the opioid epidemic continues to challenge the Nation, the statistics on this public health crisis show the toll it is taking on communities across the country. In Virginia in 2016, there were over 1,400 deaths from overdoses, a 38 percent in-crease over 2015. Eighty percent of these deaths involved opioid use. Opioid overdoses are now the leading cause of accidental death in Virginia, surpassing car accidents and gun vio-lence. While we must focus on prevention and treatment to stem the tide of ad-diction and overdose deaths, it is also critical that our efforts include helping people recover from addiction and re-turn to their families, the workforce, and their lives. That includes improved access and oversight Medication As-sisted Treatment, wraparound services like peer recovery supports, and ensur-ing that ‘‘recovery residences’’ are safe. After treatment, many people in the early recovery stages choose to enter recovery residences. These facilities give people a stable and sober environ-ment as they transition back into soci-ety. While these residences are growing in number due to the epidemic, we are learning that these facilities often lack oversight or regulation. There have been deaths at recovery residences due to the lack of trained professionals and standards. Currently, no national standards or guidelines are in place to ensure that recovery homes are providing a safe en-vironment. This situation leaves fami-lies and victims in the dark about whether the facility that is looking after their loved one is qualified. The bill I am introducing today would au-thorize the Substance Abuse and Men-tal Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) to develop best practices for recovery living facilities. It would also authorize SAMHSA to provide technical assistance and support to States willing to adopt best practices. Additionally, the bill would require States that use SAMHSA grants for re-covery residences to meet established best practices, direct SAMHSA to pro-vide best practice information directly to patients and ensure that SAMHSA consults with other relevant Federal agencies on drafting guidelines. I would like to thank Senator WAR-
RENand our other cosponsors for work-ing on this legislation, and Congress-woman C
HUfor championing legisla-tion on this topic in the House. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 464—SUP-PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF TAKE OUR DAUGH-TERS AND SONS TO WORK DAY Mr. BURR (for himself, Ms. H
EITKAMP , and Mr. T ILLIS ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.008 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2143 April 16, 2018 
S. R ES. 464 Whereas the Take Our Daughters To Work program was created in New York City as a response to research that showed that, by the 8th grade, many girls were dropping out of school, had low self-esteem, and lacked confidence; Whereas, in 2003, the name of the program was changed to ‘‘Take Our Daughters And Sons To Work’’ so that boys who face many of the same challenges as girls could also be involved in the program; Whereas, in 2018, the mission of the pro-gram, to develop ‘‘innovative strategies that empower girls and boys to overcome societal barriers to reach their full potential’’, fully reflects the addition of boys; Whereas the Take Our Daughters And Sons To Work Foundation, a nonprofit organiza-tion, has grown to be one of the largest pub-lic awareness campaigns, with more than 40,000,000 participants annually in more than 3,500,000 organizations and workplaces rep-resenting each State; Whereas, in 2007, the Take Our Daughters To Work program transitioned to Elizabeth City, North Carolina, became known as the Take Our Daughters And Sons To Work Foundation, and received national recogni-tion for its dedication to future generations; Whereas, every year, mayors, governors, and other private and public officials sign proclamations and lend support to Take Our Daughters And Sons To Work Day; Whereas the fame of the Take Our Daugh-ters And Sons To Work program has spread overseas, with requests and inquiries being made from around the world on how to oper-ate the program; Whereas 2018 marks the 25th anniversary of the Take Our Daughters And Sons To Work program; Whereas Take Our Daughters And Sons to Work Day will be observed on Thursday, April 26, 2018; and Whereas, by offering opportunities for chil-dren to experience activities and events, Take Our Daughters And Sons To Work Day is intended to continue helping millions of girls and boys on an annual basis to examine their opportunities and strive to reach their fullest potential: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the goals of introducing our daughters and sons to the workplace; and (2) commends all participants of Take Our Daughters And Sons To Work Day for the— (A) ongoing contributions that the partici-pants make to education; and (B) vital role that the participants play in promoting and ensuring a brighter, stronger future for the United States. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 465—ELECT-ING MICHAEL C. STENGER AS SERGEANT AT ARMS AND DOOR-KEEPER OF THE SENATE Mr. M
CCONNELL submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 465 Electing Michael C. Stenger as Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate. Resolved, That Michael C. Stenger of Vir-ginia be, and he is hereby, elected Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate. SENATE RESOLUTION 466—NOTI-FYING THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF THE ELEC-TION OF A SERGEANT AT ARMS AND DOORKEEPER OF THE SEN-ATE Mr. M
CCONNELL submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 466 Notifying the President of the United States of the election of a Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate. Resolved, That the President of the United States be notified of the election of the Hon-orable Michael C. Stenger as Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 467—NOTI-FYING THE HOUSE OF REP-RESENTATIVES OF THE ELEC-TION OF A SERGEANT AT ARMS AND DOORKEEPER OF THE SEN-ATE Mr. M
CCONNELL submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 467 Notifying the House of Representatives of the election of a Sergeant at Arms and Door-keeper of the Senate. Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives be notified of the election of the Honor-able Michael C. Stenger as Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 468—DESIG-NATING MAY 19, 2018, AS ‘‘KIDS TO PARKS DAY’’ Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Ms. H IRONO , and Mr. B OOKER ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 468 Whereas the 8th annual Kids to Parks Day will be celebrated on May 19, 2018; Whereas the goal of Kids to Parks Day is to promote healthy outdoor recreation and environmental stewardship, empower young people, and encourage families to get out-doors and visit the parks and public land of the United States; Whereas on Kids to Parks Day, individuals from rural and urban areas of the United States can be reintroduced to the splendid national, State, and neighborhood parks lo-cated in their communities; Whereas communities across the United States offer a variety of natural resources and public land, often with free access, to in-dividuals seeking outdoor recreation; Whereas the people of the United States, young and old, should be encouraged to lead more healthy and active lifestyles; Whereas Kids to Parks Day is an oppor-tunity for families to take a break from their busy lives and come together for a day of active, wholesome fun; and Whereas Kids to Parks Day will broaden an appreciation for nature and the outdoors in young people, foster a safe setting for inde-pendent play and healthy adventure in neighborhood parks, and facilitate self-reli-ance while strengthening communities: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates May 19, 2018, as ‘‘Kids to Parks Day’’; (2) recognizes the importance of outdoor recreation and the preservation of open spaces to the health and education of the young people of the United States; and (3) encourages the people of the United States to observe the day with appropriate programs, ceremonies, and activities. f SENATE RESOLUTION 469—RECOG-NIZING THE HISTORIC, CUL-TURAL, AND RELIGIOUS SIGNIFI-CANCE OF THE FESTIVAL OF VAISAKHI, AND EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR ALL COMMU-NITIES THAT CELEBRATE VAISAKHI Mr. MURPHY submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES469 Whereas Vaisakhi has been celebrated in the Punjab region of South Asia for cen-turies and today is also celebrated in com-munities throughout India, in the United States, and around the world; Whereas Vaisakhi is an annual festival celebrating the spring harvest season; Whereas Vaisakhi is of particular signifi-cance to the Sikh religion and is one of the most important dates in Sikh history; Whereas, for Sikhs, Vaisakhi commemo-rates the creation of the Khalsa, a fellowship of devout Sikhs, by Guru Gobind Singh in 1699; and Whereas Vaisakhi celebrates community, prosperity, and continued progress in the year ahead: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes— (A) the historic, cultural, and religious sig-nificance of the festival of Vaisakhi; and (B) the significance of Vaisakhi to Sikh communities in the United States and around the world; and (2) expresses respect for all communities that celebrate Vaisakhi. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 2232. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE  (for himself, Mr. N
ELSON , and Mr. S ULLIVAN )) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 140, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Set-tlement Fund. SA 2233. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2232 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for him- self, Mr. N
ELSON , and Mr. S ULLIVAN )) to the bill S. 140, supra. SA 2234. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill S. 140, supra. SA 2235. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2234 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill S. 140, supra. SA 2236. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2235 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 2234 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill S. 140, supra. SA 2237. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 140, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 2232. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself, Mr. N ELSON , and Mr. S
ULLIVAN )) proposed an amend-ment to the bill S. 140, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.015 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2144 April 16, 2018 
Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is the following: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. TITLE I—REORGANIZATION OF TITLE 14, UNITED STATES CODE Sec. 101. Initial matter. Sec. 102. Subtitle I. Sec. 103. Chapter 1. Sec. 104. Chapter 3. Sec. 105. Chapter 5. Sec. 106. Chapter 7. Sec. 107. Chapter 9. Sec. 108. Chapter 11. Sec. 109. Subtitle II. Sec. 110. Chapter 19. Sec. 111. Part II. Sec. 112. Chapter 21. Sec. 113. Chapter 23. Sec. 114. Chapter 25. Sec. 115. Part III. Sec. 116. Chapter 27. Sec. 117. Chapter 29. Sec. 118. Subtitle III and chapter 37. Sec. 119. Chapter 39. Sec. 120. Chapter 41. Sec. 121. Subtitle IV and chapter 49. Sec. 122. Chapter 51. Sec. 123. References. Sec. 124. Rule of construction. TITLE II—AUTHORIZATIONS Sec. 201. Amendments to title 14, United States Code, as amended by title I of this Act. Sec. 202. Authorizations of appropriations. Sec. 203. Authorized levels of military strength and training. Sec. 204. Authorization of amounts for Fast Response Cutters. Sec. 205. Authorization of amounts for shoreside infrastructure. Sec. 206. Authorization of amounts for air-craft improvements. TITLE III—COAST GUARD Sec. 301. Amendments to title 14, United States Code, as amended by title I of this Act. Sec. 302. Primary duties. Sec. 303. National Coast Guard Museum. Sec. 304. Unmanned aircraft. Sec. 305. Coast Guard health-care profes-sionals; licensure portability. Sec. 306. Training; emergency response pro-viders. Sec. 307. Incentive contracts for Coast Guard yard and industrial es-tablishments. Sec. 308. Confidential investigative ex-penses. Sec. 309. Regular captains; retirement. Sec. 310. Conversion, alteration, and repair projects. Sec. 311. Contracting for major acquisitions programs. Sec. 312. Officer promotion zones. Sec. 313. Cross reference. Sec. 314. Commissioned service retirement. Sec. 315. Leave for birth or adoption of child. Sec. 316. Clothing at time of discharge. Sec. 317. Unfunded priorities list. Sec. 318. Safety of vessels of the Armed Forces. Sec. 319. Protecting against unmanned air-craft. Sec. 320. Air facilities. TITLE IV—PORTS AND WATERWAYS SAFETY Sec. 401. Codification of Ports and Water-ways Safety Act. Sec. 402. Conforming amendments. Sec. 403. Transitional and savings provi-sions. Sec. 404. Rule of construction. Sec. 405. Advisory committee: repeal. Sec. 406. Regattas and marine parades. Sec. 407. Regulation of vessels in territorial waters of United States. Sec. 408. Port, harbor, and coastal facility security. TITLE V—MARITIME TRANSPORTATION SAFETY Sec. 501. Consistency in marine inspections. Sec. 502. Uninspected passenger vessels in St. Louis County, Minnesota. Sec. 503. Engine cut-off switch require-ments. Sec. 504. Exception from survival craft re-quirements. Sec. 505. Safety standards. Sec. 506. Fishing safety grants. Sec. 507. Fishing, fish tender, and fish proc-essing vessel certification. Sec. 508. Deadline for compliance with alter-nate safety compliance pro-gram. Sec. 509. Termination of unsafe operations; technical correction. Sec. 510. Technical corrections: Licenses, certificates of registry, and merchant mariner documents. Sec. 511. Abandoned Seafarers Fund amend-ments. Sec. 512. Clarification of logbook entries. Sec. 513. Certificates of documentation for recreational vessels. Sec. 514. Numbering for undocumented barges. Sec. 515. Backup global positioning system. Sec. 516. Scientific personnel. Sec. 517. Transparency. TITLE VI—ADVISORY COMMITTEES Sec. 601. National maritime transportation advisory committees. Sec. 602. Maritime Security Advisory Com-mittees. TITLE VII—FEDERAL MARITIME COMMISSION Sec. 701. Short title. Sec. 702. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 703. Reporting on impact of alliances on competition. Sec. 704. Definition of certain covered serv-ices. Sec. 705. Reports filed with the Commission. Sec. 706. Public participation. Sec. 707. Ocean transportation inter-mediaries. Sec. 708. Common carriers. Sec. 709. Negotiations. Sec. 710. Injunctive relief sought by the Commission. Sec. 711. Discussions. Sec. 712. Transparency. Sec. 713. Study of bankruptcy preparation and response. Sec. 714. Agreements unaffected. TITLE VIII—MISCELLANEOUS Sec. 801. Repeal of obsolete reporting re-quirement. Sec. 802. Corrections to provisions enacted by Coast Guard Authorization Acts. Sec. 803. Officer evaluation report. Sec. 804. Extension of authority. Sec. 805. Coast Guard ROTC program. Sec. 806. Currency detection canine team program. 
Sec. 807. Center of expertise for Great Lakes oil spill search and response. Sec. 808. Public safety answering points and maritime search and rescue co-ordination. Sec. 809. Ship shoal lighthouse transfer: re-peal. Sec. 810. Land exchange, Ayakulik Island, Alaska. Sec. 811. Use of Tract 43. Sec. 812. Coast Guard maritime domain awareness. Sec. 813. Monitoring. Sec. 814. Reimbursements for non-Federal construction costs of certain aids to navigation. Sec. 815. Towing safety management system fees. Sec. 816. Oil spill disbursements auditing and report. Sec. 817. Fleet requirements assessment and strategy. Sec. 818. National Security Cutter. Sec. 819. Acquisition plan for inland water-way and river tenders and bay- class icebreakers. Sec. 820. Great Lakes icebreaker acquisi-tion. Sec. 821. Polar icebreakers. Sec. 822. Strategic assets in the Arctic. Sec. 823. Arctic planning criteria. Sec. 824. Vessel response plan audit. Sec. 825. Waters deemed not navigable waters of the United States for certain purposes. Sec. 826. Documentation of recreational ves-sels. Sec. 827. Equipment requirements; exemp-tion from throwable personal flotation devices requirement. Sec. 828. Visual distress signals and alter-native use. Sec. 829. Radar refresher training. Sec. 830. Commercial fishing vessel safety national communications plan. Sec. 831. Authorization for marine debris program. Sec. 832. Atlantic Coast port access route study recommendations. Sec. 833. Drawbridges. Sec. 834. Waiver. Sec. 835. Fire-retardant materials. Sec. 836. Letters of determination. Sec. 837. Temporary limitations. Sec. 838. Transfer of Coast Guard property in Jupiter Island, Florida, for inclusion in Hobe Sound Na-tional Wildlife Refuge. Sec. 839. Emergency response. Sec. 840. Use of funds in WMAT Settlement Fund for WMAT rural water system. Sec. 841. Drawbridges consultation. TITLE IX—VESSEL INCIDENTAL DISCHARGE ACT Sec. 901. Short title. Sec. 902. Definitions. Sec. 903. Treatment of existing ballast water regulations. Sec. 904. Ballast water discharge require-ments. Sec. 905. Approval of ballast water manage-ment systems. Sec. 906. Review and raising of ballast water discharge standard. Sec. 907. National Ballast Information Clearinghouse. Sec. 908. Requirements for discharges inci-dental to the normal operation of a commercial vessel. Sec. 909. Best management practices for Great Lakes vessels. Sec. 910. Judicial review. Sec. 911. State enforcement. Sec. 912. Effect on other laws. Sec. 913. Quagga mussel. Sec. 914. Coastal aquatic invasive species mitigation grant program and mitigation fund. Sec. 915. Rules of construction. TITLE X—HYDROGRAPHIC SERVICES AND OTHER MATTERS Sec. 1001. Reauthorization of Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2145 April 16, 2018 
Sec. 1002. System for tracking and reporting all-inclusive cost of hydro-graphic surveys. Sec. 1003. Homeport of certain research ves-sels. TITLE I—REORGANIZATION OF TITLE 14, UNITED STATES CODE 
SEC. 101. INITIAL MATTER. 
Title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the title designation, the title head-ing, and the table of parts at the beginning and inserting the following: ‘‘TITLE 14—COAST GUARD ‘‘Subtitle Sec.‘‘I. Establishment, Powers, Duties, and Administration......................101 ‘‘II. Personnel....................................1901 ‘‘III. Coast Guard Reserve and Auxil-iary.............................................. 3701 ‘‘IV. Coast Guard Authorizations and Reports to Congress.....................4901’’. 
SEC. 102. SUBTITLE I. 
Part I of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the part designation, the part heading, and the table of chapters at the beginning and inserting the following: ‘‘Subtitle I—Establishment, Powers, Duties, and Administration ‘‘Chap. Sec.‘‘1. Establishment and Duties............101 ‘‘3. Composition and Organization .....301 ‘‘5. Functions and Powers..................501 ‘‘7. Cooperation.................................701 ‘‘9. Administration.............................901 ‘‘11. Acquisitions................................1101’’. 
SEC. 103. CHAPTER 1. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 1 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 1—ESTABLISHMENT AND DUTIES ‘‘Sec. ‘‘101. Establishment of Coast Guard. ‘‘102. Primary duties. ‘‘103. Department in which the Coast Guard operates. ‘‘104. Removing restrictions. ‘‘105. Secretary defined.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 1 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after redes-ignation 
1 ...................... Establishment of Coast Guard 101 
2 ...................... Primary duties 102 
3 ...................... Department in which the Coast Guard operates 103 
652 .................. Removing restrictions 104 
4 ...................... Secretary defined 105 
SEC. 104. CHAPTER 3. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 3 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 3—COMPOSITION AND ORGANIZATION ‘‘Sec. ‘‘301. Grades and ratings. ‘‘302. Commandant; appointment. ‘‘303. Retirement of Commandant. ‘‘304. Vice Commandant; appointment. ‘‘305. Vice admirals. ‘‘306. Retirement. ‘‘307. Vice admirals and admiral, continuity of grade. ‘‘308. Chief Acquisition Officer. ‘‘309. Office of the Coast Guard Reserve; Di-rector. ‘‘310. Chief of Staff to President: appoint-ment. ‘‘311. Captains of the port. ‘‘312. Prevention and response workforces. ‘‘313. Centers of expertise for Coast Guard prevention and response. ‘‘314. Marine industry training program. ‘‘315. Training course on workings of Con-gress. ‘‘316. National Coast Guard Museum. ‘‘317. United States Coast Guard Band; com-position; director. ‘‘318. Environmental Compliance and Res-toration Program.’’. (b) REDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 3 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after redes-ignation 
41 .................... Grades and ratings 301 
44 .................... Commandant; appointment 302 
46 .................... Retirement of Commandant 303 
47 .................... Vice Commandant; appoint-ment 304 
50 .................... Vice admirals 305 
51 .................... Retirement 306 
52 .................... Vice admirals and admiral, continuity of grade 307 
56 .................... Chief Acquisition Officer 308 
53 .................... Office of the Coast Guard Reserve; Director 309 
54 .................... Chief of Staff to President: appointment 310 
57 .................... Prevention and response workforces 312 
58 .................... Centers of expertise for Coast Guard prevention and response 313 
59 .................... Marine industry training pro-gram 314 
60 .................... Training course on workings of Congress 315 Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after redes-ignation 
98 .................... National Coast Guard Mu-seum 316 
336 .................. United States Coast Guard Band; composition; director 317 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 3 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (A) by inserting after section 310 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘§ 311. Captains of the port ‘‘Any officer, including any petty officer, may be designated by the Commandant as captain of the port or ports or adjacent high seas or waters over which the United States has jurisdiction, as the Commandant deems necessary to facilitate execution of Coast Guard duties.’’; and (B) by inserting after section 317 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘§ 318. Environmental Compliance and Res-toration Program ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) ‘environment’, ‘facility’, ‘person’, ‘re-lease’, ‘removal’, ‘remedial’, and ‘response’ have the same meaning they have in section 101 of the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601); ‘‘(2) ‘hazardous substance’ has the same meaning it has in section 101 of the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601), except that it also includes the meaning given ‘oil’ in section 311 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321); and ‘‘(3) ‘pollutant’ has the same meaning it has in section 502 of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1362). ‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) The Secretary shall carry out a pro-gram of environmental compliance and res-toration at current and former Coast Guard facilities. ‘‘(2) Program goals include: ‘‘(A) Identifying, investigating, and clean-ing up contamination from hazardous sub-stances and pollutants. ‘‘(B) Correcting other environmental dam-age that poses an imminent and substantial danger to the public health or welfare or to the environment. ‘‘(C) Demolishing and removing unsafe buildings and structures, including buildings and structures at former Coast Guard facili-ties. ‘‘(D) Preventing contamination from haz-ardous substances and pollutants at current Coast Guard facilities. ‘‘(3)(A) The Secretary shall respond to re-leases of hazardous substances and pollut-ants— ‘‘(i) at each Coast Guard facility the United States owns, leases, or otherwise pos-sesses; ‘‘(ii) at each Coast Guard facility the United States owned, leased, or otherwise possessed when the actions leading to con-tamination from hazardous substances or pollutants occurred; and ‘‘(iii) on each vessel the Coast Guard owns or operates. ‘‘(B) Subparagraph (A) of this paragraph does not apply to a removal or remedial ac-tion when a potentially responsible person 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2146 April 16, 2018 
responds under section 122 of the Comprehen-sive Environmental Response, Compensa-tion, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9622). ‘‘(C) The Secretary shall pay a fee or charge imposed by a State authority for per-mit services for disposing of hazardous sub-stances or pollutants from Coast Guard fa-cilities to the same extent that nongovern-mental entities are required to pay for per-mit services. This subparagraph does not apply to a payment that is the responsibility of a lessee, contractor, or other private per-son. ‘‘(4) The Secretary may agree with another Federal agency for that agency to assist in carrying out the Secretary’s responsibilities under this section. The Secretary may enter into contracts, cooperative agreements, and grant agreements with State and local gov-ernments to assist in carrying out the Sec-retary’s responsibilities under this section. Services that may be obtained under this paragraph include identifying, investigating, and cleaning up off-site contamination that may have resulted from the release of a haz-ardous substance or pollutant at a Coast Guard facility. ‘‘(5) Section 119 of the Comprehensive En-vironmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9619) applies to re-sponse action contractors that carry out re-sponse actions under this section. The Coast Guard shall indemnify response action con-tractors to the extent that adequate insur-ance is not generally available at a fair price at the time the contractor enters into the contract to cover the contractor’s reason-able, potential, long-term liability. ‘‘(c) E
NVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE AND RES-
TORATION ACCOUNT .— ‘‘(1) There is established for the Coast Guard an account known as the Coast Guard Environmental Compliance and Restoration Account. All sums appropriated to carry out the Coast Guard’s environmental compliance and restoration functions under this section or another law shall be credited or trans-ferred to the account and remain available until expended. ‘‘(2) Funds may be obligated or expended from the account to carry out the Coast Guard’s environmental compliance and res-toration functions under this section or an-other law. ‘‘(3) In proposing the budget for any fiscal year under section 1105 of title 31, the Presi-dent shall set forth separately the amount requested for the Coast Guard’s environ-mental compliance and restoration activities under this section or another law. ‘‘(4) Amounts recovered under section 107 of the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9607) for the Secretary’s response ac-tions at current and former Coast Guard fa-cilities shall be credited to the account. ‘‘(d) A
NNUAL LIST OF PROJECTS TO CON-
GRESS .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a prioritized list of projects el-igible for environmental compliance and res-toration funding for each fiscal year concur-rent with the President’s budget submission for that fiscal year.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING REPEALS .—Sections 634, 690, 691, 692, and 693 of title 14, United States Code, are repealed. 
SEC. 105. CHAPTER 5. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 5—FUNCTIONS AND POWERS ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I —GENERAL POWERS  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘501. Secretary; general powers. ‘‘502. Delegation of powers by the Secretary. ‘‘503. Regulations. ‘‘504. Commandant; general powers. ‘‘505. Functions and powers vested in the Commandant. ‘‘506. Prospective payment of funds necessary to provide medical care. ‘‘507. Appointment of judges. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —LIFE SAVING AND LAW  
ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES  ‘‘521. Saving life and property. ‘‘522. Law enforcement. ‘‘523. Enforcement authority. ‘‘524. Enforcement of coastwise trade laws. ‘‘525. Special agents of the Coast Guard In-vestigative Service law enforce-ment authority. ‘‘526. Stopping vessels; indemnity for firing at or into vessel. ‘‘527. Safety of naval vessels. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —AIDS TO NAVIGATION  ‘‘541. Aids to navigation authorized. ‘‘542. Unauthorized aids to maritime naviga-tion; penalty. ‘‘543. Interference with aids to navigation; penalty. ‘‘544. Aids to maritime navigation; penalty. ‘‘545. Marking of obstructions. ‘‘546. Deposit of damage payments. ‘‘547. Rewards for apprehension of persons interfering with aids to naviga-tion. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER IV —MISCELLANEOUS  ‘‘561. Icebreaking in polar regions. ‘‘562. Appeals and waivers. ‘‘563. Notification of certain determina-tions.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 5 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after redes-ignation 
92 .................... Secretary; general powers 501 
631 .................. Delegation of powers by the Secretary 502 
633 .................. Regulations 503 
93 .................... Commandant; general pow-ers 504 
632 .................. Functions and powers vested in the Commandant 505 
520 .................. Prospective payment of funds necessary to provide medical care 506 
153 .................. Appointment of judges 507 
88 .................... Saving life and property 521 
89 .................... Law enforcement 522 
99 .................... Enforcement authority 523 Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after redes-ignation 
100 .................. Enforcement of coastwise trade laws 524 
95 .................... Special agents of the Coast Guard Investigative Service law enforcement authority 525 
637 .................. Stopping vessels; indemnity for firing at or into vessel 526 
91 .................... Safety of naval vessels 527 
81 .................... Aids to navigation author-ized 541 
83 .................... Unauthorized aids to mari-time navigation; penalty 542 
84 .................... Interference with aids to navigation; penalty 543 
85 .................... Aids to maritime navigation; penalty 544 
86 .................... Marking of obstructions 545 
642 .................. Deposit of damage pay-ments 546 
643 .................. Rewards for apprehension of persons interfering with aids to navigation 547 
87 .................... Icebreaking in polar regions 561 
101 .................. Appeals and waivers 562 
103 .................. Notification of certain deter-minations 563 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 501 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—GENERAL POWERS’’; (2) by inserting before section 521 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—LIFE SAVING AND LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES’’; (3) by inserting before section 541 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—AIDS TO NAVIGATION’’; and (4) by inserting before section 561 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER IV—MISCELLANEOUS’’. 
SEC. 106. CHAPTER 7. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 7 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 7—COOPERATION ‘‘Sec. ‘‘701. Cooperation with other agencies, States, territories, and political subdivisions. ‘‘702. State Department. ‘‘703. Treasury Department. ‘‘704. Department of the Army and Depart-ment of the Air Force. ‘‘705. Navy Department. ‘‘706. United States Postal Service. ‘‘707. Department of Commerce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2147 April 16, 2018 
‘‘708. Department of Health and Human Serv-ices. ‘‘709. Maritime instruction. ‘‘710. Assistance to foreign governments and maritime authorities. ‘‘711. Coast Guard officers as attache ´s to mis-sions. ‘‘712. Contracts with Government-owned es-tablishments for work and ma-terial. ‘‘713. Nonappropriated fund instrumental-ities: contracts with other agencies and instrumentalities to provide or obtain goods and services. ‘‘714. Arctic maritime domain awareness. ‘‘715. Oceanographic research. ‘‘716. Arctic maritime transportation. ‘‘717. Agreements.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 7 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after redes-ignation 
141 .................. Cooperation with other agencies, States, territories, and political subdivisions 701 
142 .................. State Department 702 
143 .................. Treasury Department 703 
144 .................. Department of the Army and Department of the Air Force 704 
145 .................. Navy Department 705 
146 .................. United States Postal Service 706 
147 .................. Department of Commerce 707 
147a ................ Department of Health and Human Services 708 
148 .................. Maritime instruction 709 
149 .................. Assistance to foreign gov-ernments and maritime au-thorities 710 
150 .................. Coast Guard officers as attache´s to missions 711 
151 .................. Contracts with Government- owned establishments for work and material 712 
152 .................. Nonappropriated fund in-strumentalities: contracts with other agencies and in-strumentalities to provide or obtain goods and services 713 
154 .................. Arctic maritime domain awareness 714 
94 .................... Oceanographic research 715 
90 .................... Arctic maritime transpor-tation 716 
102 .................. Agreements 717 SEC. 107. CHAPTER 9. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 9 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 9—ADMINISTRATION ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —REAL AND PERSONAL  
PROPERTY  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘901. Disposal of certain material. ‘‘902. Employment of draftsmen and engi-neers. ‘‘903. Use of certain appropriated funds. ‘‘904. Local hire. ‘‘905. Procurement authority for family housing. ‘‘906. Air Station Cape Cod Improvements. ‘‘907. Long-term lease of special purpose fa-cilities. ‘‘908. Long-term lease authority for light-house property. ‘‘909. Small boat station rescue capability. ‘‘910. Small boat station closures. ‘‘911. Search and rescue center standards. ‘‘912. Air facility closures. ‘‘913. Turnkey selection procedures. ‘‘914. Disposition of infrastructure related to E–LORAN. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —MISCELLANEOUS  ‘‘931. Oaths required for boards. ‘‘932. Administration of oaths. ‘‘933. Coast Guard ensigns and pennants. ‘‘934. Penalty for unauthorized use of words ‘Coast Guard’. ‘‘935. Coast Guard band recordings for com-mercial sale. ‘‘936. Confidentiality of medical quality as-surance records; qualified im-munity for participants. ‘‘937. Admiralty claims against the United States. ‘‘938. Claims for damage to property of the United States. ‘‘939. Accounting for industrial work. ‘‘940. Supplies and equipment from stock. ‘‘941. Coast Guard Supply Fund. ‘‘942. Public and commercial vessels and other watercraft; sale of fuel, supplies, and services. ‘‘943. Arms and ammunition; immunity from taxation. ‘‘944. Confidential investigative expenses. ‘‘945. Assistance to film producers. ‘‘946. User fees. ‘‘947. Vessel construction bonding require-ments. ‘‘948. Contracts for medical care for retirees, dependents, and survivors: al-ternative delivery of health care. ‘‘949. Telephone installation and charges. ‘‘950. Designation, powers, and account-ability of deputy disbursing of-ficials. ‘‘951. Aircraft accident investigations.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 9 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after redes-ignation 
641 .................. Disposal of certain material 901 Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after redes-ignation 
653 .................. Employment of draftsmen and engineers 902 
656 .................. Use of certain appropriated funds 903 
666 .................. Local hire 904 
670 .................. Procurement authority for family housing 905 
671 .................. Air Station Cape Cod Im-provements 906 
672 .................. Long-term lease of special purpose facilities 907 
672a ................ Long-term lease authority for lighthouse property 908 
674 .................. Small boat station rescue capability 909 
675 .................. Small boat station closures 910 
676 .................. Search and rescue center standards 911 
676a ................ Air facility closures 912 
677 .................. Turnkey selection procedures 913 
681 .................. Disposition of infrastructure related to E–LORAN 914 
635 .................. Oaths required for boards 931 
636 .................. Administration of oaths 932 
638 .................. Coast Guard ensigns and pennants 933 
639 .................. Penalty for unauthorized use of words ‘‘Coast Guard’’ 934 
640 .................. Coast Guard band record-ings for commercial sale 935 
645 .................. Confidentiality of medical quality assurance records; qualified immunity for par-ticipants 936 
646 .................. Admiralty claims against the United States 937 
647 .................. Claims for damage to prop-erty of the United States 938 
648 .................. Accounting for industrial work 939 
649 .................. Supplies and equipment from stock 940 
650 .................. Coast Guard Supply Fund 941 
654 .................. Public and commercial ves-sels and other watercraft; sale of fuel, supplies, and services 942 
655 .................. Arms and ammunition; im-munity from taxation 943 
658 .................. Confidential investigative expenses 944 
659 .................. Assistance to film producers 945 
664 .................. User fees 946 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2148 April 16, 2018 
Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after redes-ignation 
667 .................. Vessel construction bonding requirements 947 
668 .................. Contracts for medical care for retirees, dependents, and survivors: alternative deliv-ery of health care 948 
669 .................. Telephone installation and charges 949 
673 .................. Designation, powers, and accountability of deputy dis-bursing officials 950 
678 .................. Aircraft accident investiga-tions 951 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 9 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 901 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—REAL AND PERSONAL PROPERTY’’; and (2) by inserting before section 931 (as so re-designated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—MISCELLANEOUS’’. 
SEC. 108. CHAPTER 11. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter eading, and the table of sections at the beginning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 11—ACQUISITIONS ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —GENERAL PROVISIONS  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘1101. Acquisition directorate. ‘‘1102. Improvements in Coast Guard acquisi-tion management. ‘‘1103. Role of Vice Commandant in major ac-quisition programs. ‘‘1104. Recognition of Coast Guard personnel for excellence in acquisition. ‘‘1105. Prohibition on use of lead systems in-tegrators. ‘‘1106. Required contract terms. ‘‘1107. Extension of major acquisition pro-gram contracts. ‘‘1108. Department of Defense consultation. ‘‘1109. Undefinitized contractual actions. ‘‘1110. Guidance on excessive pass-through charges. ‘‘1111. Mission need statement. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —IMPROVED ACQUISITION  
PROCESS AND PROCEDURES  ‘‘1131. Identification of major system acqui-sitions. ‘‘1132. Acquisition. ‘‘1133. Preliminary development and dem-onstration. ‘‘1134. Acquisition, production, deployment, and support. ‘‘1135. Acquisition program baseline breach. ‘‘1136. Acquisition approval authority. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —PROCUREMENT  ‘‘1151. Restriction on construction of vessels in foreign shipyards. ‘‘1152. Advance procurement funding. ‘‘1153. Prohibition on overhaul, repair, and maintenance of Coast Guard vessels in foreign shipyards. ‘‘1154. Procurement of buoy chain. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER IV —DEFINITIONS  ‘‘1171. Definitions.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) REQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 11 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after redes-ignation 
561 .................. Acquisition directorate 1101 
562 .................. Improvements in Coast Guard acquisition manage-ment 1102 
578 .................. Role of Vice Commandant in major acquisition programs 1103 
563 .................. Recognition of Coast Guard personnel for excellence in acquisition 1104 
564 .................. Prohibition on use of lead systems integrators 1105 
565 .................. Required contract terms 1106 
579 .................. Extension of major acquisi-tion program contracts 1107 
566 .................. Department of Defense con-sultation 1108 
567 .................. Undefinitized contractual ac-tions 1109 
568 .................. Guidance on excessive pass- through charges 1110 
569 .................. Mission need statement 1111 
571 .................. Identification of major sys-tem acquisitions 1131 
572 .................. Acquisition 1132 
573 .................. Preliminary development and demonstration 1133 
574 .................. Acquisition, production, de-ployment, and support 1134 
575 .................. Acquisition program baseline breach 1135 
576 .................. Acquisition approval author-ity 1136 
665 .................. Restriction on construction of vessels in foreign ship-yards 1151 
577 .................. Advance procurement fund-ing 1152 
96 .................... Prohibition on overhaul, re-pair, and maintenance of Coast Guard vessels in for-eign shipyards 1153 
97 .................... Procurement of buoy chain 1154 
581 .................. Definitions 1171 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by striking all subdivision designations and headings in such chapter, except for— (A) the chapter designation and heading added by subsection (a); (B) the subchapter designations and head-ings added by this subsection; and (C) any designation or heading of a section or a subdivision of a section; (2) by inserting before section 1101 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—GENERAL PROVISIONS’’; (3) by inserting before section 1131 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—IMPROVED ACQUISI-TION PROCESS AND PROCEDURES’’; (4) by inserting before section 1151 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—PROCUREMENT’’; and (5) by inserting before section 1171 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER IV—DEFINITIONS’’. SEC. 109. SUBTITLE II. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by inserting after chapter 11 (as amended by section 108) the following: ‘‘Subtitle II—Personnel ‘‘Chap. Sec.‘‘19. Coast Guard Academy................1901 ‘‘21. Personnel; Officers.....................2101 ‘‘23. Personnel; Enlisted....................2301 ‘‘25. Personnel; General Provisions ...2501 ‘‘27. Pay, Allowances, Awards, and Other Rights and Benefits...........2701 ‘‘29. Coast Guard Family Support, Child Care, and Housing..............2901’’. (b) R
ESERVED CHAPTER NUMBERS .— (1) C
HAPTER 13 .—Chapter 13 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning. (2) C
HAPTER 14 .—Chapter 14 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sec-tions at the beginning; and (B) by striking the subchapter designation and the subchapter heading for each of the subchapters of such chapter. (3) C
HAPTER 15 .—Chapter 15 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sec-tions at the beginning; and (B) by striking the subchapter designation and the subchapter heading for each of the subchapters of such chapter. (4) C
HAPTER 17 .—Chapter 17 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning. (5) C
HAPTER 18 .—Chapter 18 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning. 
SEC. 110. CHAPTER 19. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 19 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 19—COAST GUARD ACADEMY ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —ADMINISTRATION  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘1901. Administration of Academy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2149 April 16, 2018 
‘‘1902. Policy on sexual harassment and sex-ual violence. ‘‘1903. Annual Board of Visitors. ‘‘1904. Participation in Federal, State, or other educational research grants. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —CADETS  ‘‘1921. Corps of Cadets authorized strength. ‘‘1922. Appointments. ‘‘1923. Admission of foreign nationals for in-struction; restrictions; condi-tions. ‘‘1924. Conduct. ‘‘1925. Agreement. ‘‘1926. Cadet applicants; preappointment travel to Academy. ‘‘1927. Cadets; initial clothing allowance. ‘‘1928. Cadets; degree of bachelor of science. ‘‘1929. Cadets; appointment as ensign. ‘‘1930. Cadets: charges and fees for attend-ance; limitation. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —FACULTY  ‘‘1941. Civilian teaching staff. ‘‘1942. Permanent commissioned teaching staff; composition. ‘‘1943. Appointment of permanent commis-sioned teaching staff. ‘‘1944. Grade of permanent commissioned teaching staff. ‘‘1945. Retirement of permanent commis-sioned teaching staff. ‘‘1946. Credit for service as member of civil-ian teaching staff. ‘‘1947. Assignment of personnel as instruc-tors. ‘‘1948. Marine safety curriculum.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 19 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after redes-ignation 
181 .................. Administration of Academy 1901 
200 .................. Policy on sexual harassment and sexual violence 1902 
194 .................. Annual Board of Visitors 1903 
196 .................. Participation in Federal, State, or other educational research grants 1904 
195 .................. Admission of foreign nation-als for instruction; restric-tions; conditions 1923 
181a ................ Cadet applicants; preappointment travel to Academy 1926 
183 .................. Cadets; initial clothing al-lowance 1927 
184 .................. Cadets; degree of bachelor of science 1928 
185 .................. Cadets; appointment as en-sign 1929 
197 .................. Cadets: charges and fees for attendance; limitation 1930 Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after redes-ignation 
186 .................. Civilian teaching staff 1941 
187 .................. Permanent commissioned teaching staff; composition 1942 
188 .................. Appointment of permanent commissioned teaching staff 1943 
189 .................. Grade of permanent com-missioned teaching staff 1944 
190 .................. Retirement of permanent commissioned teaching staff 1945 
191 .................. Credit for service as mem-ber of civilian teaching staff 1946 
192 .................. Assignment of personnel as instructors 1947 
199 .................. Marine safety curriculum 1948 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 19 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (A) by inserting before section 1901 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—ADMINISTRATION’’; (B) by inserting before section 1923 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—CADETS ‘‘§ 1921. Corps of Cadets authorized strength ‘‘The number of cadets appointed annually to the Academy shall be as determined by the Secretary but the number appointed in any one year shall not exceed six hundred. ‘‘§ 1922. Appointments ‘‘Appointments to cadetships shall be made under regulations prescribed by the Sec-retary, who shall determine age limits, methods of selection of applicants, term of service as a cadet before graduation, and all other matters affecting such appointments. In the administration of this section, the Secretary shall take such action as may be necessary and appropriate to insure that fe-male individuals shall be eligible for ap-pointment and admission to the Coast Guard Academy, and that the relevant standards required for appointment, admission, train-ing, graduation, and commissioning of fe-male individuals shall be the same as those required for male individuals, except for those minimum essential adjustments in such standards required because of physio-logical differences between male and female individuals.’’; (C) by inserting before section 1926 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘§ 1924. Conduct ‘‘The Secretary may summarily dismiss from the Coast Guard any cadet who, during his cadetship, is found unsatisfactory in ei-ther studies or conduct, or may be deemed not adapted for a career in the Coast Guard. Cadets shall be subject to rules governing discipline prescribed by the Commandant. ‘‘§ 1925. Agreement ‘‘(a) Each cadet shall sign an agreement with respect to the cadet’s length of service in the Coast Guard. The agreement shall pro-vide that the cadet agrees to the following: ‘‘(1) That the cadet will complete the course of instruction at the Coast Guard Academy. ‘‘(2) That upon graduation from the Coast Guard Academy the cadet— ‘‘(A) will accept an appointment, if ten-dered, as a commissioned officer of the Coast Guard; and ‘‘(B) will serve on active duty for at least five years immediately after such appoint-ment. ‘‘(3) That if an appointment described in paragraph (2) is not tendered or if the cadet is permitted to resign as a regular officer be-fore the completion of the commissioned service obligation of the cadet, the cadet— ‘‘(A) will accept an appointment as a com-missioned officer in the Coast Guard Re-serve; and ‘‘(B) will remain in that reserve component until completion of the commissioned serv-ice obligation of the cadet. ‘‘(b)(1) The Secretary may transfer to the Coast Guard Reserve, and may order to ac-tive duty for such period of time as the Sec-retary prescribes (but not to exceed four years), a cadet who breaches an agreement under subsection (a). The period of time for which a cadet is ordered to active duty under this paragraph may be determined without regard to section 651(a) of title 10. ‘‘(2) A cadet who is transferred to the Coast Guard Reserve under paragraph (1) shall be transferred in an appropriate enlisted grade or rating, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) For the purposes of paragraph (1), a cadet shall be considered to have breached an agreement under subsection (a) if the cadet is separated from the Coast Guard Academy under circumstances which the Secretary determines constitute a breach by the cadet of the cadet’s agreement to com-plete the course of instruction at the Coast Guard Academy and accept an appointment as a commissioned officer upon graduation from the Coast Guard Academy. ‘‘(c) The Secretary shall prescribe regula-tions to carry out this section. Those regula-tions shall include— ‘‘(1) standards for determining what con-stitutes, for the purpose of subsection (b), a breach of an agreement under subsection (a); ‘‘(2) procedures for determining whether such a breach has occurred; and ‘‘(3) standards for determining the period of time for which a person may be ordered to serve on active duty under subsection (b). ‘‘(d) In this section, ‘commissioned service obligation’, with respect to an officer who is a graduate of the Academy, means the period beginning on the date of the officer’s ap-pointment as a commissioned officer and ending on the sixth anniversary of such ap-pointment or, at the discretion of the Sec-retary, any later date up to the eighth anni-versary of such appointment. ‘‘(e)(1) This section does not apply to a cadet who is not a citizen or national of the United States. ‘‘(2) In the case of a cadet who is a minor and who has parents or a guardian, the cadet may sign the agreement required by sub-section (a) only with the consent of the par-ent or guardian. ‘‘(f) A cadet or former cadet who does not fulfill the terms of the obligation to serve as specified under section (a), or the alternative obligation imposed under subsection (b), shall be subject to the repayment provisions of section 303a(e) of title 37.’’; and (D) by inserting before section 1941 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—FACULTY’’. (2) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Section 182 of title 14, United States Code, is repealed. 
SEC. 111. PART II. 
Part II of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the part designation, the part heading, and the table of chapters at the beginning. 
SEC. 112. CHAPTER 21. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 21 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2150 April 16, 2018 
the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 21—PERSONNEL; OFFICERS ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —APPOINTMENT AND  
PROMOTION  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2101. Original appointment of permanent commissioned officers. ‘‘2102. Active duty promotion list. ‘‘2103. Number and distribution of commis-sioned officers on active duty promotion list. ‘‘2104. Appointment of temporary officers. ‘‘2105. Rank of warrant officers. ‘‘2106. Selection boards; convening of boards. ‘‘2107. Selection boards; composition of boards. ‘‘2108. Selection boards; notice of convening; communication with board. ‘‘2109. Selection boards; oath of members. ‘‘2110. Number of officers to be selected for promotion. ‘‘2111. Promotion zones. ‘‘2112. Promotion year; defined. ‘‘2113. Eligibility of officers for consideration for promotion. ‘‘2114. United States Deputy Marshals in Alaska. ‘‘2115. Selection boards; information to be furnished boards. ‘‘2116. Officers to be recommended for pro-motion. ‘‘2117. Selection boards; reports. ‘‘2118. Selection boards; submission of re-ports. ‘‘2119. Failure of selection for promotion. ‘‘2120. Special selection boards; correction of errors. ‘‘2121. Promotions; appointments. ‘‘2122. Removal of officer from list of select-ees for promotion. ‘‘2123. Promotions; acceptance; oath of office. ‘‘2124. Promotions; pay and allowances. ‘‘2125. Wartime temporary service pro-motions. ‘‘2126. Promotion of officers not included on active duty promotion list. ‘‘2127. Recall to active duty during war or na-tional emergency. ‘‘2128. Recall to active duty with consent of officer. ‘‘2129. Aviation cadets; appointment as Re-serve officers. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —DISCHARGES ; RETIREMENTS ; 
REVOCATION OF COMMISSIONS ; SEPARATION  
FOR CAUSE  ‘‘2141. Revocation of commissions during first five years of commissioned service. ‘‘2142. Regular lieutenants (junior grade); separation for failure of selec-tion for promotion. ‘‘2143. Regular lieutenants; separation for failure of selection for pro-motion; continuation. ‘‘2144. Regular Coast Guard; officers serving under temporary appointments. ‘‘2145. Regular lieutenant commanders and commanders; retirement for failure of selection for pro-motion. ‘‘2146. Discharge in lieu of retirement; sepa-ration pay. ‘‘2147. Regular warrant officers: separation pay. ‘‘2148. Separation for failure of selection for promotion or continuation; time of. ‘‘2149. Regular captains; retirement. ‘‘2150. Captains; continuation on active duty; involuntary retirement. ‘‘2151. Rear admirals and rear admirals (lower half); continuation on active duty; involuntary retire-ment. ‘‘2152. Voluntary retirement after twenty years’ service. ‘‘2153. Voluntary retirement after thirty years’ service. ‘‘2154. Compulsory retirement. ‘‘2155. Retirement for physical disability after selection for promotion; grade in which retired. ‘‘2156. Deferment of retirement or separation for medical reasons. ‘‘2157. Flag officers. ‘‘2158. Review of records of officers. ‘‘2159. Boards of inquiry. ‘‘2160. Boards of review. ‘‘2161. Composition of boards. ‘‘2162. Rights and procedures. ‘‘2163. Removal of officer from active duty; action by Secretary. ‘‘2164. Officers considered for removal; retire-ment or discharge; separation benefits. ‘‘2165. Relief of retired officer promoted while on active duty. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III —GENERAL PROVISIONS  ‘‘2181. Physical fitness of officers. ‘‘2182. Multirater assessment of certain per-sonnel.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 21 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after redes-ignation 
211 .................. Original appointment of per-manent commissioned offi-cers 2101 
41a .................. Active duty promotion list 2102 
42 .................... Number and distribution of commissioned officers on active duty promotion list 2103 
214 .................. Appointment of temporary officers 2104 
215 .................. Rank of warrant officers 2105 
251 .................. Selection boards; convening of boards 2106 
252 .................. Selection boards; composi-tion of boards 2107 
253 .................. Selection boards; notice of convening; communication with board 2108 
254 .................. Selection boards; oath of members 2109 
255 .................. Number of officers to be se-lected for promotion 2110 
256 .................. Promotion zones 2111 
256a ................ Promotion year; defined 2112 
257 .................. Eligibility of officers for con-sideration for promotion 2113 
258 .................. Selection boards; informa-tion to be furnished boards 2115 Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after redes-ignation 
259 .................. Officers to be recommended for promotion 2116 
260 .................. Selection boards; reports 2117 
261 .................. Selection boards; submission of reports 2118 
262 .................. Failure of selection for pro-motion 2119 
263 .................. Special selection boards; correction of errors 2120 
271 .................. Promotions; appointments 2121 
272 .................. Removal of officer from list of selectees for promotion 2122 
273 .................. Promotions; acceptance; oath of office 2123 
274 .................. Promotions; pay and allow-ances 2124 
275 .................. Wartime temporary service promotions 2125 
276 .................. Promotion of officers not in-cluded on active duty pro-motion list 2126 
331 .................. Recall to active duty during war or national emergency 2127 
332 .................. Recall to active duty with consent of officer 2128 
373 .................. Aviation cadets; appoint-ment as Reserve officers 2129 
281 .................. Revocation of commissions during first five years of commissioned service 2141 
282 .................. Regular lieutenants (junior grade); separation for failure of selection for promotion 2142 
283 .................. Regular lieutenants; separa-tion for failure of selection for promotion; continuation 2143 
284 .................. Regular Coast Guard; offi-cers serving under tem-porary appointments 2144 
285 .................. Regular lieutenant com-manders and commanders; retirement for failure of se-lection for promotion 2145 
286 .................. Discharge in lieu of retire-ment; separation pay 2146 
286a ................ Regular warrant officers: separation pay 2147 
287 .................. Separation for failure of se-lection for promotion or con-tinuation; time of 2148 
288 .................. Regular captains; retirement 2149 
289 .................. Captains; continuation on active duty; involuntary re-tirement 2150 
290 .................. Rear admirals and rear ad-mirals (lower half); continu-ation on active duty; invol-untary retirement 2151 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2151 April 16, 2018 
Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after redes-ignation 
291 .................. Voluntary retirement after twenty years’ service 2152 
292 .................. Voluntary retirement after thirty years’ service 2153 
293 .................. Compulsory retirement 2154 
294 .................. Retirement for physical dis-ability after selection for promotion; grade in which retired 2155 
295 .................. Deferment of retirement or separation for medical rea-sons 2156 
296 .................. Flag officers 2157 
321 .................. Review of records of officers 2158 
322 .................. Boards of inquiry 2159 
323 .................. Boards of review 2160 
324 .................. Composition of boards 2161 
325 .................. Rights and procedures 2162 
326 .................. Removal of officer from ac-tive duty; action by Sec-retary 2163 
327 .................. Officers considered for re-moval; retirement or dis-charge; separation benefits 2164 
333 .................. Relief of retired officer pro-moted while on active duty 2165 
335 .................. Physical fitness of officers 2181 
429 .................. Multirater assessment of certain personnel 2182 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 21 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by striking all subchapter designations and headings in such chapter, except for the subchapter designations and headings added by this subsection; (2) by inserting before section 2101 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—APPOINTMENT AND PROMOTION’’; (3) by inserting before section 2115 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘§ 2114. United States Deputy Marshals in Alaska ‘‘Commissioned officers may be appointed as United States Deputy Marshals in Alas-ka.’’; (4) by inserting before section 2141 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—DISCHARGES; RETIRE-MENTS; REVOCATION OF COMMIS-SIONS; SEPARATION FOR CAUSE’’; and (5) by inserting before section 2181 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—GENERAL PROVISIONS’’. 
SEC. 113. CHAPTER 23. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 23 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 23—PERSONNEL; ENLISTED ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2301. Recruiting campaigns. ‘‘2302. Enlistments; term, grade. ‘‘2303. Promotion. ‘‘2304. Compulsory retirement at age of sixty-two. ‘‘2305. Voluntary retirement after thirty years’ service. ‘‘2306. Voluntary retirement after twenty years’ service. ‘‘2307. Retirement of enlisted members: in-crease in retired pay. ‘‘2308. Recall to active duty during war or na-tional emergency. ‘‘2309. Recall to active duty with consent of member. ‘‘2310. Relief of retired enlisted member pro-moted while on active duty. ‘‘2311. Retirement in cases where higher grade or rating has been held. ‘‘2312. Extension of enlistments. ‘‘2313. Retention beyond term of enlistment in case of disability. ‘‘2314. Detention beyond term of enlistment. ‘‘2315. Inclusion of certain conditions in en-listment contract. ‘‘2316. Discharge within three months before expiration of enlistment. ‘‘2317. Aviation cadets; procurement; trans-fer. ‘‘2318. Aviation cadets; benefits. ‘‘2319. Critical skill training bonus.’’. (b) REDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 23 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after redes-ignation 
350 .................. Recruiting campaigns 2301 
351 .................. Enlistments; term, grade 2302 
352 .................. Promotion 2303 
353 .................. Compulsory retirement at age of sixty-two 2304 
354 .................. Voluntary retirement after thirty years’ service 2305 
355 .................. Voluntary retirement after twenty years’ service 2306 
357 .................. Retirement of enlisted mem-bers: increase in retired pay 2307 
359 .................. Recall to active duty during war or national emergency 2308 
360 .................. Recall to active duty with consent of member 2309 
361 .................. Relief of retired enlisted member promoted while on active duty 2310 
362 .................. Retirement in cases where higher grade or rating has been held 2311 Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after redes-ignation 
365 .................. Extension of enlistments 2312 
366 .................. Retention beyond term of enlistment in case of dis-ability 2313 
367 .................. Detention beyond term of enlistment 2314 
369 .................. Inclusion of certain condi-tions in enlistment contract 2315 
370 .................. Discharge within three months before expiration of enlistment 2316 
371 .................. Aviation cadets; procure-ment; transfer 2317 
372 .................. Aviation cadets; benefits 2318 
374 .................. Critical skill training bonus 2319 
SEC. 114. CHAPTER 25. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 25 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 25—PERSONNEL; GENERAL PROVISIONS ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —GENERAL PROVISIONS  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2501. Grade on retirement. ‘‘2502. Retirement. ‘‘2503. Status of recalled personnel. ‘‘2504. Computation of retired pay. ‘‘2505. Limitations on retirement and retired pay. ‘‘2506. Suspension of payment of retired pay of members who are absent from the United States to avoid prosecution. ‘‘2507. Board for Correction of Military Records deadline. ‘‘2508. Emergency leave retention authority. ‘‘2509. Prohibition of certain involuntary ad-ministrative separations. ‘‘2510. Sea service letters. ‘‘2511. Investigations of flag officers and Sen-ior Executive Service employ-ees. ‘‘2512. Leave policies for the Coast Guard. ‘‘2513. Computation of length of service. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —LIGHTHOUSE SERVICE  ‘‘2531. Personnel of former Lighthouse Serv-ice.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 25 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after redes-ignation 
334 .................. Grade on retirement 2501 
421 .................. Retirement 2502 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2152 April 16, 2018 
Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after redes-ignation 
422 .................. Status of recalled personnel 2503 
423 .................. Computation of retired pay 2504 
424 .................. Limitations on retirement and retired pay 2505 
424a ................ Suspension of payment of retired pay of members who are absent from the United States to avoid prosecution 2506 
425 .................. Board for Correction of Mili-tary Records deadline 2507 
426 .................. Emergency leave retention authority 2508 
427 .................. Prohibition of certain invol-untary administrative sepa-rations 2509 
428 .................. Sea service letters 2510 
430 .................. Investigations of flag offi-cers and Senior Executive Service employees 2511 
431 .................. Leave policies for the Coast Guard 2512 
467 .................. Computation of length of service 2513 
432 .................. Personnel of former Light-house Service 2531 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 25 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 2501 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—GENERAL PROVISIONS’’; and (2) by inserting before section 2531 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—LIGHTHOUSE SERVICE’’. 
SEC. 115. PART III. 
Part III of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the part designation, the part heading, and the table of chapters at the beginning. 
SEC. 116. CHAPTER 27. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 27 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 27—PAY, ALLOWANCES, AWARDS, AND OTHER RIGHTS AND BEN-EFITS ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —PERSONNEL RIGHTS AND  
BENEFITS  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2701. Procurement of personnel. ‘‘2702. Training. ‘‘2703. Contingent expenses. ‘‘2704. Equipment to prevent accidents. ‘‘2705. Clothing at time of discharge for good of service. ‘‘2706. Right to wear uniform. ‘‘2707. Protection of uniform. ‘‘2708. Clothing for officers and enlisted per-sonnel. ‘‘2709. Procurement and sale of stores to members and civilian employ-ees. ‘‘2710. Disposition of effects of decedents. ‘‘2711. Deserters; payment of expenses inci-dent to apprehension and deliv-ery; penalties. ‘‘2712. Payment for the apprehension of stragglers. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II —AWARDS  ‘‘2731. Delegation of powers to make awards; rules and regulations. ‘‘2732. Medal of honor. ‘‘2733. Medal of honor: duplicate medal. ‘‘2734. Medal of honor: presentation of Medal of Honor Flag. ‘‘2735. Coast Guard cross. ‘‘2736. Distinguished service medal. ‘‘2737. Silver star medal. ‘‘2738. Distinguished flying cross. ‘‘2739. Coast Guard medal. ‘‘2740. Insignia for additional awards. ‘‘2741. Time limit on award; report con-cerning deed. ‘‘2742. Honorable subsequent service as condi-tion to award. ‘‘2743. Posthumous awards. ‘‘2744. Life-saving medals. ‘‘2745. Replacement of medals. ‘‘2746. Award of other medals. ‘‘2747. Awards and insignia for excellence in service or conduct. ‘‘2748. Presentation of United States flag upon retirement. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —PAYMENTS  ‘‘2761. Persons discharged as result of court- martial; allowances to. ‘‘2762. Shore patrol duty; payment of ex-penses. ‘‘2763. Compensatory absence from duty for military personnel at isolated duty stations. ‘‘2764. Monetary allowance for transpor-tation of household effects. ‘‘2765. Retroactive payment of pay and allow-ances delayed by administra-tive error or oversight. ‘‘2766. Travel card management. ‘‘2767. Reimbursement for medical-related travel expenses for certain per-sons residing on islands in the continental United States. ‘‘2768. Annual audit of pay and allowances of members undergoing perma-nent change of station. ‘‘2769. Remission of indebtedness. ‘‘2770. Special instruction at universities. ‘‘2771. Attendance at professional meetings. ‘‘2772. Education loan repayment program. ‘‘2773. Rations or commutation therefor in money. ‘‘2774. Sales of ration supplies to messes. ‘‘2775. Flight rations. ‘‘2776. Payments at time of discharge for good of service. ‘‘2777. Clothing for destitute shipwrecked persons. ‘‘2778. Advancement of public funds to per-sonnel. ‘‘2779. Transportation to and from certain places of employment.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 27 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after redes-ignation 468 .................. Procurement of personnel 2701 
469 .................. Training 2702 
476 .................. Contingent expenses 2703 
477 .................. Equipment to prevent acci-dents 2704 
482 .................. Clothing at time of dis-charge for good of service 2705 
483 .................. Right to wear uniform 2706 
484 .................. Protection of uniform 2707 
485 .................. Clothing for officers and en-listed personnel 2708 
487 .................. Procurement and sale of stores to members and civil-ian employees 2709 
507 .................. Disposition of effects of de-cedents 2710 
508 .................. Deserters; payment of ex-penses incident to appre-hension and delivery; pen-alties 2711 
644 .................. Payment for the apprehen-sion of stragglers 2712 
499 .................. Delegation of powers to make awards; rules and regulations 2731 
491 .................. Medal of honor 2732 
504 .................. Medal of honor: duplicate medal 2733 
505 .................. Medal of honor: presentation of Medal of Honor Flag 2734 
491a ................ Coast Guard cross 2735 
492 .................. Distinguished service medal 2736 
492a ................ Silver star medal 2737 
492b ................ Distinguished flying cross 2738 
493 .................. Coast Guard medal 2739 
494 .................. Insignia for additional awards 2740 
496 .................. Time limit on award; report concerning deed 2741 
497 .................. Honorable subsequent serv-ice as condition to award 2742 
498 .................. Posthumous awards 2743 
500 .................. Life-saving medals 2744 
501 .................. Replacement of medals 2745 
502 .................. Award of other medals 2746 
503 .................. Awards and insignia for ex-cellence in service or con-duct 2747 
516 .................. Presentation of United States flag upon retirement 2748 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2153 April 16, 2018 
Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after redes-ignation 
509 .................. Persons discharged as result of court-martial; allowances to 2761 
510 .................. Shore patrol duty; payment of expenses 2762 
511 .................. Compensatory absence from duty for military personnel at isolated duty stations 2763 
512 .................. Monetary allowance for transportation of household effects 2764 
513 .................. Retroactive payment of pay and allowances delayed by administrative error or over-sight 2765 
517 .................. Travel card management 2766 
518 .................. Reimbursement for medical- related travel expenses for certain persons residing on islands in the continental United States 2767 
519 .................. Annual audit of pay and al-lowances of members under-going permanent change of station 2768 
461 .................. Remission of indebtedness 2769 
470 .................. Special instruction at uni-versities 2770 
471 .................. Attendance at professional meetings 2771 
472 .................. Education loan repayment program 2772 
478 .................. Rations or commutation therefor in money 2773 
479 .................. Sales of ration supplies to messes 2774 
480 .................. Flight rations 2775 
481 .................. Payments at time of dis-charge for good of service 2776 
486 .................. Clothing for destitute ship-wrecked persons 2777 
488 .................. Advancement of public funds to personnel 2778 
660 .................. Transportation to and from certain places of employ-ment 2779 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 27 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 2701 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—PERSONNEL RIGHTS AND BENEFITS’’; (2) by inserting before section 2731 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—AWARDS’’; and (3) by inserting before section 2761 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—PAYMENTS’’. SEC. 117. CHAPTER 29. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 29 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter head-ing, and the table of sections at the begin-ning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 29—COAST GUARD FAMILY SUPPORT, CHILD CARE, AND HOUSING ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —COAST GUARD FAMILIES  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2901. Work-life policies and programs. ‘‘2902. Surveys of Coast Guard families. ‘‘2903. Reimbursement for adoption expenses. ‘‘2904. Education and training opportunities for Coast Guard spouses. ‘‘2905. Youth sponsorship initiatives. ‘‘2906. Dependent school children. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —COAST GUARD CHILD CARE  ‘‘2921. Definitions. ‘‘2922. Child development services. ‘‘2923. Child development center standards and inspections. ‘‘2924. Child development center employees. ‘‘2925. Parent partnerships with child devel-opment centers. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —HOUSING  ‘‘2941. Definitions. ‘‘2942. General authority. ‘‘2943. Leasing and hiring of quarters; rental of inadequate housing. ‘‘2944. Retired service members and depend-ents serving on advisory com-mittees. ‘‘2945. Conveyance of real property. ‘‘2946. Coast Guard Housing Fund. ‘‘2947. Reports.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 29 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after redes-ignation 
531 .................. Work-life policies and pro-grams 2901 
532 .................. Surveys of Coast Guard families 2902 
541 .................. Reimbursement for adoption expenses 2903 
542 .................. Education and training op-portunities for Coast Guard spouses 2904 
543 .................. Youth sponsorship initiatives 2905 
544 .................. Dependent school children 2906 
551 .................. Definitions 2921 
552 .................. Child development services 2922 
553 .................. Child development center standards and inspections 2923 
554 .................. Child development center employees 2924 
555 .................. Parent partnerships with child development centers 2925 Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after redes-ignation 
680 .................. Definitions 2941 
681 .................. General authority 2942 
475 .................. Leasing and hiring of quar-ters; rental of inadequate housing 2943 
680 .................. Retired service members and dependents serving on advisory committees 2944 
685 .................. Conveyance of real property 2945 
687 .................. Coast Guard Housing Fund 2946 
688 .................. Reports 2947 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 29 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 2901 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—COAST GUARD FAMILIES’’; (2) by inserting before section 2921 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—COAST GUARD CHILD CARE’’; and (3) by inserting before section 2941 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—HOUSING’’. 
SEC. 118. SUBTITLE III AND CHAPTER 37. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by adding after chapter 29 (as amended by section 117) the following: ‘‘Subtitle III—Coast Guard Reserve and Auxiliary ‘‘Chap. Sec. ‘‘37. Coast Guard Reserve..................3701 ‘‘39. Coast Guard Auxiliary................3901 ‘‘41. General Provisions for Coast Guard Reserve and Auxiliary.......4101 ‘‘CHAPTER 1—COAST GUARD RESERVE ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —ADMINISTRATION  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘3701. Organization. ‘‘3702. Authorized strength. ‘‘3703. Coast Guard Reserve Boards. ‘‘3704. Grades and ratings; military author-ity. ‘‘3705. Benefits. ‘‘3706. Temporary members of the Reserve; eligibility and compensation. ‘‘3707. Temporary members of the Reserve; disability or death benefits. ‘‘3708. Temporary members of the Reserve; certificate of honorable service. ‘‘3709. Reserve student aviation pilots; Re-serve aviation pilots; appoint-ments in commissioned grade. ‘‘3710. Reserve student pre-commissioning as-sistance program. ‘‘3711. Appointment or wartime promotion; retention of grade upon release from active duty. ‘‘3712. Exclusiveness of service. ‘‘3713. Active duty for emergency augmenta-tion of regular forces. ‘‘3714. Enlistment of members engaged in schooling. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —PERSONNEL  ‘‘3731. Definitions. ‘‘3732. Applicability of this subchapter. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2154 April 16, 2018 
‘‘3733. Suspension of this subchapter in time of war or national emergency. ‘‘3734. Effect of this subchapter on retire-ment and retired pay. ‘‘3735. Authorized number of officers. ‘‘3736. Precedence. ‘‘3737. Running mates. ‘‘3738. Constructive credit upon initial ap-pointment. ‘‘3739. Promotion of Reserve officers on ac-tive duty. ‘‘3740. Promotion; recommendations of selec-tion boards. ‘‘3741. Selection boards; appointment. ‘‘3742. Establishment of promotion zones under running mate system. ‘‘3743. Eligibility for promotion. ‘‘3744. Recommendation for promotion of an officer previously removed from an active status. ‘‘3745. Qualifications for promotion. ‘‘3746. Promotion; acceptance; oath of office. ‘‘3747. Date of rank upon promotion; entitle-ment to pay. ‘‘3748. Type of promotion; temporary. ‘‘3749. Effect of removal by the President or failure of consent of the Senate. ‘‘3750. Failure of selection for promotion. ‘‘3751. Failure of selection and removal from an active status. ‘‘3752. Retention boards; removal from an ac-tive status to provide a flow of promotion. ‘‘3753. Maximum ages for retention in an ac-tive status. ‘‘3754. Rear admiral and rear admiral (lower half); maximum service in grade. ‘‘3755. Appointment of a former Navy or Coast Guard officer. ‘‘3756. Grade on entry upon active duty. ‘‘3757. Recall of a retired officer; grade upon release.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 37 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after redes-ignation 
701 .................. Organization 3701 
702 .................. Authorized strength 3702 
703 .................. Coast Guard Reserve Boards 3703 
704 .................. Grades and ratings; military authority 3704 
705 .................. Benefits 3705 
706 .................. Temporary members of the Reserve; eligibility and com-pensation 3706 
707 .................. Temporary members of the Reserve; disability or death benefits 3707 
708 .................. Temporary members of the Reserve; certificate of honor-able service 3708 Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after redes-ignation 
709 .................. Reserve student aviation pi-lots; Reserve aviation pilots; appointments in commis-sioned grade 3709 
709a ................ Reserve student pre-com-missioning assistance pro-gram 3710 
710 .................. Appointment or wartime pro-motion; retention of grade upon release from active duty 3711 
711 .................. Exclusiveness of service 3712 
712 .................. Active duty for emergency augmentation of regular forces 3713 
713 .................. Enlistment of members en-gaged in schooling 3714 
720 .................. Definitions 3731 
721 .................. Applicability of this sub-chapter 3732 
722 .................. Suspension of this sub-chapter in time of war or national emergency 3733 
723 .................. Effect of this subchapter on retirement and retired pay 3734 
724 .................. Authorized number of offi-cers 3735 
725 .................. Precedence 3736 
726 .................. Running mates 3737 
727 .................. Constructive credit upon ini-tial appointment 3738 
728 .................. Promotion of Reserve offi-cers on active duty 3739 
729 .................. Promotion; recommendations of selection boards 3740 
730 .................. Selection boards; appoint-ment 3741 
731 .................. Establishment of promotion zones under running mate system 3742 
732 .................. Eligibility for promotion 3743 
733 .................. Recommendation for pro-motion of an officer pre-viously removed from an ac-tive status 3744 
734 .................. Qualifications for promotion 3745 
735 .................. Promotion; acceptance; oath of office 3746 
736 .................. Date of rank upon pro-motion; entitlement to pay 3747 
737 .................. Type of promotion; temporary 3748 
738 .................. Effect of removal by the President or failure of con-sent of the Senate 3749 
739 .................. Failure of selection for pro-motion 3750 Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after redes-ignation 
740 .................. Failure of selection and re-moval from an active status 3751 
741 .................. Retention boards; removal from an active status to provide a flow of promotion 3752 
742 .................. Maximum ages for retention in an active status 3753 
743 .................. Rear admiral and rear ad-miral (lower half); maximum service in grade 3754 
744 .................. Appointment of a former Navy or Coast Guard officer 3755 
745 .................. Grade on entry upon active duty 3756 
746 .................. Recall of a retired officer; grade upon release 3757 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 37 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 3701 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—ADMINISTRATION’’; and (2) by inserting before section 3731 (as so redesignated and transferred under sub-section (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—PERSONNEL’’. 
SEC. 119. CHAPTER 39. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by adding after chapter 37 (as added by section 118) the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 39—COAST GUARD AUXILIARY ‘‘Sec. ‘‘3901. Administration of the Coast Guard Auxiliary. ‘‘3902. Purpose of the Coast Guard Auxiliary. ‘‘3903. Eligibility; enrollments. ‘‘3904. Members of the Auxiliary; status. ‘‘3905. Disenrollment. ‘‘3906. Membership in other organizations. ‘‘3907. Use of member’s facilities. ‘‘3908. Vessel deemed public vessel. ‘‘3909. Aircraft deemed public aircraft. ‘‘3910. Radio station deemed government sta-tion. ‘‘3911. Availability of appropriations. ‘‘3912. Assignment and performance of duties. ‘‘3913. Injury or death in line of duty.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 39 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after redes-ignation 
821 .................. Administration of the Coast Guard Auxiliary 3901 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2155 April 16, 2018 
Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after redes-ignation 
822 .................. Purpose of the Coast Guard Auxiliary 3902 
823 .................. Eligibility; enrollments 3903 
823a ................ Members of the Auxiliary; status 3904 
824 .................. Disenrollment 3905 
825 .................. Membership in other organi-zations 3906 
826 .................. Use of member’s facilities 3907 
827 .................. Vessel deemed public vessel 3908 
828 .................. Aircraft deemed public air-craft 3909 
829 .................. Radio station deemed gov-ernment station 3910 
830 .................. Availability of appropriations 3911 
831 .................. Assignment and perform-ance of duties 3912 
832 .................. Injury or death in line of duty 3913 
SEC. 120. CHAPTER 41. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by adding after chapter 39 (as added by section 119) the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 41—GENERAL PROVISIONS FOR COAST GUARD RESERVE AND AUXILIARY ‘‘Sec. ‘‘4101. Flags; pennants; uniforms and insig-nia. ‘‘4102. Penalty. ‘‘4103. Limitation on rights of members of the Auxiliary and temporary members of the Reserve. ‘‘4104. Availability of facilities and appro-priations.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 41 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after redes-ignation 
891 .................. Flags; pennants; uniforms and insignia 4101 
892 .................. Penalty 4102 
893 .................. Limitation on rights of members of the Auxiliary and temporary members of the Reserve 4103 
894 .................. Availability of facilities and appropriations 4104 SEC. 121. SUBTITLE IV AND CHAPTER 49. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by adding after chapter 41 (as added by section 120) the following: ‘‘Subtitle IV—Coast Guard Authorizations and Reports to Congress ‘‘Chap. Sec. ‘‘49. Authorizations............................4901 ‘‘51. Reports.......................................5101 ‘‘CHAPTER 49—AUTHORIZATIONS ‘‘Sec. ‘‘4901. Requirement for prior authorization of appropriations. ‘‘4902. Authorization of appropriations. ‘‘4903. Authorization of personnel end strengths. ‘‘4904. Authorized levels of military strength and training.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 49 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after redes-ignation 
2701 ................ Requirement for prior au-thorization of appropriations 4901 
2702 ................ Authorization of appropria-tions 4902 
2703 ................ Authorization of personnel end strengths 4903 
2704 ................ Authorized levels of military strength and training 4904 
SEC. 122. CHAPTER 51. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by adding after chapter 49 (as added by section 121) the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 51—REPORTS ‘‘Sec. ‘‘5101. Transmission of annual Coast Guard authorization request. ‘‘5102. Capital investment plan. ‘‘5103. Major acquisitions. ‘‘5104. Manpower requirements plan. ‘‘5105. Inventory of real property.’’. (b) R
EDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as de-scribed in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as nec-essary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 51 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in para-graph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes only-not amended) Title 14 section number after redes-ignation 2901 ................ Transmission of annual Coast Guard authorization request 5101 
2902 ................ Capital investment plan 5102 
2903 ................ Major acquisitions 5103 
2904 ................ Manpower requirements plan 5104 
679 .................. Inventory of real property 5105 
SEC. 123. REFERENCES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: (1) R
EDESIGNATED SECTION .—The term ‘‘re-designated section’’ means a section of title 14, United States Code, that is redesignated by this title, as that section is so redesig-nated. (2) S
OURCE SECTION .—The term ‘‘source sec-tion’’ means a section of title 14, United States Code, that is redesignated by this title, as that section was in effect before the redesignation. (b) R
EFERENCE TO SOURCE SECTION .— (1) T
REATMENT OF REFERENCE .—A reference to a source section, including a reference in a regulation, order, or other law, is deemed to refer to the corresponding redesignated section. (2) T
ITLE 14 .—In title 14, United States Code, each reference in the text of such title to a source section is amended by striking such reference and inserting a reference to the appropriate, as determined using the ta-bles located in this title, redesignated sec-tion. (c) O
THER CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) R
EFERENCE TO SECTION 182 .—Section 1923(c) of title 14, United States Code, as so redesignated by this title, is further amend-ed by striking ‘‘section 182’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1922’’. (2) R
EFERENCES TO CHAPTER 11 .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (A) in section 2146(d), as so redesignated by this title, by striking ‘‘chapter 11 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘this chapter’’; and (B) in section 3739, as so redesignated by this title, by striking ‘‘chapter 11’’ each place that it appears and inserting ‘‘chapter 21’’. (3) R
EFERENCE TO CHAPTER 13 .—Section 3705(b) of title 14, United States Code, as so redesignated by this title, is further amend-ed by striking ‘‘chapter 13’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 27’’. (4) R
EFERENCE TO CHAPTER 15 .—Section 308(b)(3) of title 14, United States Code, as so redesignated by this title, is further amend-ed by striking ‘‘chapter 15’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 11’’. (5) R
EFERENCES TO CHAPTER 19 .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (A) in section 4901(4), as so redesignated by this title, by striking ‘‘chapter 19’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 318’’; and (B) in section 4902(4), as so redesignated by this title, by striking ‘‘chapter 19’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 318’’. (6) R
EFERENCE TO CHAPTER 23 .—Section 701(a) of title 14, United States Code, as so redesignated by this title, is further amend-ed by striking ‘‘chapter 23’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 39’’. 
SEC. 124. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
This title, including the amendments made by this title, is intended only to reorganize title 14, United States Code, and may not be construed to alter— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2156 April 16, 2018 
(1) the effect of a provision of title 14, United States Code, including any authority or requirement therein; (2) a department or agency interpretation with respect to title 14, United States Code; or (3) a judicial interpretation with respect to title 14, United States Code. TITLE II—AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 201. AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 14, UNITED STATES CODE, AS AMENDED BY TITLE I OF THIS ACT. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this title an amendment or re-peal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or a repeal of, a section or other provi-sion of title 14, United States Code, the ref-erence shall be considered to be made to title 14, United States Code, as amended by title I of this Act. 
SEC. 202. AUTHORIZATIONS OF APPROPRIA-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 4902. Authorizations of appropriations ‘‘(a) F
ISCAL YEAR2018.—Funds are author-ized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2018 for necessary expenses of the Coast Guard as fol-lows: ‘‘(1) For the operation and maintenance of the Coast Guard, not otherwise provided for, $7,210,313,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(2) For the acquisition, construction, ren-ovation, and improvement of aids to naviga-tion, shore facilities, vessels, and aircraft, including equipment related thereto, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and oper-ation of facilities and equipment, $2,694,745,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(3) For the Coast Guard Reserve program, including operations and maintenance of the program, personnel and training costs, equipment, and services, $114,875,000 for fis-cal year 2018. ‘‘(4) For the environmental compliance and restoration functions of the Coast Guard under chapter 318 of this title, $13,397,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(5) To the Commandant of the Coast Guard for research, development, test, and evaluation of technologies, materials, and human factors directly related to improving the performance of the Coast Guard’s mis-sion with respect to search and rescue, aids to navigation, marine safety, marine envi-ronmental protection, enforcement of laws and treaties, ice operations, oceanographic research, and defense readiness, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and oper-ation of facilities and equipment, $29,141,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(b) F
ISCAL YEAR2019.—Funds are author-ized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for necessary expenses of the Coast Guard as fol-lows: ‘‘(1)(A) For the operation and maintenance of the Coast Guard, not otherwise provided for, $7,914,195,000 for fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(B) Of the amount authorized under sub-paragraph (A)— ‘‘(i) $16,701,000 shall be for environmental compliance and restoration; and ‘‘(ii) $199,360,000 shall be for the Coast Guard’s Medicare-eligible retiree health care fund contribution to the Department of De-fense. ‘‘(2) For the procurement, construction, renovation, and improvement of aids to navi-gation, shore facilities, vessels, and aircraft, including equipment related thereto, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and oper-ation of facilities and equipment, $2,694,745,000 for fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(3) To the Commandant of the Coast Guard for research, development, test, and evaluation of technologies, materials, and human factors directly related to improving the performance of the Coast Guard’s mis-sion with respect to search and rescue, aids to navigation, marine safety, marine envi-ronmental protection, enforcement of laws and treaties, ice operations, oceanographic research, and defense readiness, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and oper-ation of facilities and equipment, $29,141,000 for fiscal year 2019.’’. (b) REPEAL .—On October 1, 2018— (1) section 4902(a) of title 14, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), shall be repealed; and (2) subsection 4902(b) of title 14, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), shall be amended by striking ‘‘(b) F
ISCAL  Y
EAR2019.—’’. 
SEC. 203. AUTHORIZED LEVELS OF MILITARY STRENGTH AND TRAINING. 
Section 4904 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘for fiscal year 2018 and 44,500 for fiscal year 2019’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2016 and 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2018 and 2019’’. 
SEC. 204. AUTHORIZATION OF AMOUNTS FOR FAST RESPONSE CUTTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Of the amounts author-ized under section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019 up to $167,500,000 is authorized for the acquisition of 3 Fast Response Cutters. (b) T
REATMENT OF ACQUIRED CUTTERS .— Any cutters acquired pursuant to subsection (a) shall be in addition to the 58 cutters ap-proved under the existing acquisition base-line. 
SEC. 205. AUTHORIZATION OF AMOUNTS FOR SHORESIDE INFRASTRUCTURE. 
Of the amounts authorized under section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019 up to $167,500,000 is authorized for the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating to fund the ac-quisition, construction, rebuilding, or im-provement of Coast Guard shoreside infra-structure and facilities necessary to support Coast Guard operations and readiness. 
SEC. 206. AUTHORIZATION OF AMOUNTS FOR AIR-CRAFT IMPROVEMENTS. 
Of the amounts authorized under section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019 up to $3,500,000 is authorized for the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating to fund anal-ysis and program development for improve-ments to or the replacement of rotary-wing aircraft. TITLE III—COAST GUARD 
SEC. 301. AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 14, UNITED STATES CODE, AS AMENDED BY TITLE I OF THIS ACT. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this title an amendment or re-peal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or a repeal of, a section or other provi-sion of title 14, United States Code, the ref-erence shall be considered to be made to title 14, United States Code, as amended by title I of this Act. 
SEC. 302. PRIMARY DUTIES. 
Section 102(7) of title 14, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(7) maintain a state of readiness to assist in the defense of the United States, including when functioning as a specialized service in the Navy pursuant to section 103.’’. 
SEC. 303. NATIONAL COAST GUARD MUSEUM. 
Section 316 of title 14, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 316. National Coast Guard Museum ‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT .—The Commandant may establish a National Coast Guard Mu-seum, on lands which will be federally owned and administered by the Coast Guard, and are located in New London, Connecticut, at, or in close proximity to, the Coast Guard Academy. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON EXPENDITURES .— ‘‘(1) The Secretary shall not expend any funds appropriated to the Coast Guard on the construction of any museum established under this section. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall fund the National Coast Guard Museum with nonappropriated and non-Federal funds to the maximum ex-tent practicable. The priority use of Federal funds should be to preserve and protect his-toric Coast Guard artifacts, including the de-sign, fabrication, and installation of exhibits or displays in which such artifacts are in-cluded. ‘‘(3) The Secretary may expend funds ap-propriated to the Coast Guard on the engi-neering and design of a National Coast Guard Museum. ‘‘(c) F
UNDING PLAN.—Before the date on which the Commandant establishes a Na-tional Coast Guard Museum under sub-section (a), the Commandant shall provide to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a plan for constructing, operating, and maintaining such a museum, including— ‘‘(1) estimated planning, engineering, de-sign, construction, operation, and mainte-nance costs; ‘‘(2) the extent to which appropriated, non-appropriated, and non-Federal funds will be used for such purposes, including the extent to which there is any shortfall in funding for engineering, design, or construction; and ‘‘(3) a certification by the Inspector Gen-eral of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating that the estimates pro-vided pursuant to paragraphs (1) and (2) are reasonable and realistic. ‘‘(d) A
UTHORITY .—The Commandant may not establish a national Coast Guard mu-seum except as set forth in this section.’’. 
SEC. 304. UNMANNED AIRCRAFT. 
(a) L AND-BASED UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYS-
TEM PROGRAM .—Chapter 3 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 319. Land-based unmanned aircraft system program ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, the Secretary shall establish a land-based unmanned aircraft system program under the control of the Commandant of the Coast Guard. ‘‘(b) U
NMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘unmanned aircraft system’ has the meaning given that term in section 331 of the FAA Moderniza-tion and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note).’’. (b) L
IMITATION ON UNMANNED AIRCRAFT  S
YSTEMS .—Chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1154 the following: ‘‘§ 1155. Limitation on unmanned aircraft sys-tems ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—During any fiscal year for which funds are appropriated for the de-sign or construction of an Offshore Patrol Cutter, the Commandant of the Coast Guard— ‘‘(1) may not award a contract for design of an unmanned aircraft system for use by the Coast Guard; and ‘‘(2) may lease, acquire, or acquire the services of an unmanned aircraft system only if such system— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2157 April 16, 2018 
‘‘(A) has been part of a program of record of, procured by, or used by a Federal entity (or funds for research, development, test, and evaluation have been received from a Fed-eral entity with regard to such system) be-fore the date on which the Commandant leases, acquires, or acquires the services of the system; and ‘‘(B) is leased, acquired, or utilized by the Commandant through an agreement with a Federal entity, unless such an agreement is not practicable or would be less cost-effec-tive than an independent contract action by the Coast Guard. ‘‘(b) S
MALL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT EXEMP -
TION.—Subsection (a)(2) does not apply to small unmanned aircraft. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘small unmanned aircraft’ and ‘un-manned aircraft system’ have the meanings given those terms in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note).’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) C
HAPTER 3 .—The analysis for chapter 3 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘319. Land-based unmanned aircraft system program.’’. (2) C
HAPTER 11 .—The analysis for chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1154 the following: ‘‘1155. Limitation on unmanned aircraft sys-tems.’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (c) of section 1105 of title 14, United States Code, is repealed. 
SEC. 305. COAST GUARD HEALTH-CARE PROFES-SIONALS; LICENSURE PORTABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 507 the following: ‘‘§ 508. Coast Guard health-care professionals; licensure portability ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law regarding the licen-sure of health-care providers, a health-care professional described in subsection (b) may practice the health profession or professions of the health-care professional at any loca-tion in any State, the District of Columbia, or a Commonwealth, territory, or possession of the United States, regardless of where such health-care professional or the patient is located, if the practice is within the scope of the authorized Federal duties of such health-care professional. ‘‘(b) D
ESCRIBED INDIVIDUALS .—A health- care professional described in this subsection is an individual— ‘‘(1) who is— ‘‘(A) a member of the Coast Guard; ‘‘(B) a civilian employee of the Coast Guard; ‘‘(C) a member of the Public Health Serv-ice who is assigned to the Coast Guard; or ‘‘(D) any other health-care professional credentialed and privileged at a Federal health-care institution or location specially designated by the Secretary; and ‘‘(2) who— ‘‘(A) has a current license to practice medi-cine, osteopathic medicine, dentistry, or an-other health profession; and ‘‘(B) is performing authorized duties for the Coast Guard. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘license’ and ‘health-care professional’ have the meanings given those terms in sec-tion 1094(e) of title 10.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 507 the following: ‘‘508. Coast Guard health-care professionals; licensure portability.’’. (c) ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORDS .— (1) S
YSTEM .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard is authorized to procure for the Coast Guard an electronic health record sys-tem that— (A) has been competitively awarded by the Department of Defense; and (B) ensures full integration with the De-partment of Defense electronic health record systems. (2) S
UPPORT SERVICES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commandant is au-thorized to procure support services for the electronic health record system procured under paragraph (1) necessary to ensure full integration with the Department of Defense electronic health record systems. (B) S
COPE.—Support services procured pur-suant to this paragraph may include services for the following: (i) System integration support. (ii) Hosting support. (iii) Training, testing, technical, and data migration support. (iv) Hardware support. (v) Any other support the Commandant considers appropriate. (3) A
UTHORIZED PROCUREMENT ACTIONS .— The Commandant is authorized to procure an electronic health record system under this subsection through the following: (A) A task order under the Department of Defense electronic health record contract. (B) A sole source contract award. (C) An agreement made pursuant to sec-tions 1535 and 1536 of title 31, United States Code. (D) A contract or other procurement vehi-cle otherwise authorized. (4) C
OMPETITION IN CONTRACTING ; EXEMP -
TION.—Procurement of an electronic health record system and support services pursuant to this subsection shall be exempt from the competition requirements of section 2304 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 306. TRAINING; EMERGENCY RESPONSE PROVIDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 718. Training; emergency response pro-viders ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard may, on a reimbursable or a non-reimbursable basis, make a training available to emergency response providers whenever the Commandant determines that— ‘‘(1) a member of the Coast Guard, who is scheduled to participate in such training, is unable or unavailable to participate in such training; ‘‘(2) no other member of the Coast Guard, who is assigned to the unit to which the member of the Coast Guard who is unable or unavailable to participate in such training is assigned, is able or available to participate in such training; and ‘‘(3) such training, if made available to such emergency response providers, would further the goal of interoperability among Federal agencies, non-Federal governmental agencies, or both. ‘‘(b) E
MERGENCY RESPONSE PROVIDERS DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘emergency response providers’ has the meaning given that term in section 2 of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101). ‘‘(c) T
REATMENT OF REIMBURSEMENT .—Any reimbursements for a training that the Coast Guard receives under this section shall be credited to the appropriation used to pay the costs for such training. ‘‘(d) S
TATUS ; LIMITATION ON LIABILITY .— ‘‘(1) S
TATUS .—Any individual to whom, as an emergency response provider, training is made available under this section, who is not otherwise a Federal employee, shall not, be-cause of that training, be considered a Fed-eral employee for any purpose (including the purposes of chapter 81 of title 5 (relating to compensation for injury) and sections 2671 through 2680 of title 28 (relating to tort claims)). ‘‘(2) LIMITATION ON LIABILITY .—The United States shall not be liable for actions taken by an individual in the course of training made available under this section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 7 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘718. Training; emergency response pro-viders.’’. 
SEC. 307. INCENTIVE CONTRACTS FOR COAST GUARD YARD AND INDUSTRIAL ES-TABLISHMENTS. 
Section 939 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting before ‘‘The Secretary may’’ the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’; (2) in subsection (a), as so designated by paragraph (1) of this section, by striking the period at the end of the last sentence and in-serting ‘‘or in accordance with subsection (b).’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) I
NCENTIVE CONTRACTS .— ‘‘(1) The parties to an order for industrial work to be performed by the Coast Guard Yard or a Coast Guard industrial establish-ment designated under subsection (a) may enter into an order or a cost-plus-incentive- fee order in accordance with this subsection. ‘‘(2) If such parties enter into such an order or a cost-plus-incentive-fee order, an agreed- upon amount of any adjustment described in subsection (a) may be distributed as an in-centive to the wage-grade industrial employ-ees who complete the order. ‘‘(3) Before entering into such an order or cost-plus-incentive-fee order such parties must agree that the wage-grade employees of the Coast Guard Yard or Coast Guard indus-trial establishment will take action to im-prove the delivery schedule or technical per-formance agreed to in the order for indus-trial work to which such parties initially agreed. ‘‘(4) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, if the industrial workforce of the Coast Guard Yard or Coast Guard industrial establishment satisfies the performance tar-get established in such an order or cost-plus- incentive-fee order— ‘‘(A) the adjustment to be made pursuant to subsection (a) shall be reduced by an agreed-upon amount and distributed to such wage-grade industrial employees; and ‘‘(B) the remainder of the adjustment shall be credited to the appropriation for such order current at that time.’’. 
SEC. 308. CONFIDENTIAL INVESTIGATIVE EX-PENSES. 
Section 944 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$45,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘$250,000’’. 
SEC. 309. REGULAR CAPTAINS; RETIREMENT. 
Section 2149(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘zone is’’ and inserting ‘‘zone, or from being placed at the top of the list of selectees promulgated by the Sec-retary under section 2121(a) of this title, is’’; and (2) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘or placed at the top of the list of se-lectees, as applicable.’’. 
SEC. 310. CONVERSION, ALTERATION, AND RE-PAIR PROJECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 9 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by inserting after section 951 the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2158 April 16, 2018 
‘‘§ 952. Construction of Coast Guard vessels and assignment of vessel projects ‘‘The assignment of Coast Guard vessel conversion, alteration, and repair projects shall be based on economic and military con-siderations and may not be restricted by a requirement that certain parts of Coast Guard shipwork be assigned to a particular type of shipyard or geographical area or by a similar requirement.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 9 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 951 the following: ‘‘952. Construction of Coast Guard vessels and assignment of vessel projects.’’. 
SEC. 311. CONTRACTING FOR MAJOR ACQUISI-TIONS PROGRAMS. 
(a) G ENERAL ACQUISITION AUTHORITY .—Sec- tion 501(d) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘aircraft, and sys-tems,’’ after ‘‘vessels,’’. (b) C
ONTRACTING AUTHORITY .—Chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by inserting after section 1136 the following: ‘‘§ 1137. Contracting for major acquisitions programs ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—In carrying out authori-ties provided to the Secretary to design, con-struct, accept, or otherwise acquire assets and systems under section 501(d), the Sec-retary, acting through the Commandant of the Coast Guard or the head of an integrated program office established for a major acqui-sition program, may enter into contracts for a major acquisition program. ‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZED METHODS .—Contracts en-tered into under subsection (a)— ‘‘(1) may be block buy contracts; ‘‘(2) may be incrementally funded; ‘‘(3) may include combined purchases, also known as economic order quantity pur-chases, of— ‘‘(A) materials and components; and ‘‘(B) long lead time materials; and ‘‘(4) as provided in section 2306b of title 10, may be multiyear contracts. ‘‘(c) S
UBJECT TO APPROPRIATIONS .—Any contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract is subject to the availability of amounts specifically provided in advance for that purpose in subsequent appropriations Acts.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 1136 the following: ‘‘1137. Contracting for major acquisitions programs.’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The fol- lowing provisions are repealed: (1) Section 223 of the Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (14 U.S.C. 1152 note), and the item relat-ing to that section in the table of contents in section 2 of such Act. (2) Section 221(a) of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2012 (14 U.S.C. 1133 note). (3) Section 207(a) of the Coast Guard Au-thorization Act of 2016 (14 U.S.C. 561 note). (e) I
NTERNAL REGULATIONS AND POLICY .— Not later than 180 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall establish the internal regulations and policies necessary to exercise the au-thorities provided under this section, includ-ing the amendments made in this section. (f) M
ULTIYEAR CONTRACTS .—The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating is authorized to enter into a multiyear contract for the procurement of a tenth, eleventh, and twelfth National Secu-rity Cutter and associated government-fur-nished equipment. SEC. 312. OFFICER PROMOTION ZONES. 
Section 2111(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘six-tenths.’’ and inserting ‘‘one-half.’’. 
SEC. 313. CROSS REFERENCE. 
Section 2129(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘designated under section 2317’’ after ‘‘cadet’’. 
SEC. 314. COMMISSIONED SERVICE RETIREMENT. 
For Coast Guard officers who retire in fis-cal year 2018 or 2019, the President may re-duce the period of active commissioned serv-ice required under section 2152 of title 14, United States Code, to a period of not less than 8 years. 
SEC. 315. LEAVE FOR BIRTH OR ADOPTION OF CHILD. 
(a) P OLICY .—Section 2512 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Not later than 1 year’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), not later than 1 year’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) L
EAVE ASSOCIATED WITH BIRTH OR  A
DOPTION OF CHILD.—Notwithstanding sub-section (a), sections 701 and 704 of title 10, or any other provision of law, all officers and enlisted members of the Coast Guard shall be authorized leave associated with the birth or adoption of a child during the 1-year period immediately following such birth or adop-tion and, at the discretion of the Com-manding Officer, such officer or enlisted member shall be permitted— ‘‘(1) to take such leave in increments; and ‘‘(2) to use flexible work schedules (pursu-ant to a program established by the Sec-retary in accordance with chapter 61 of title 5).’’. (b) F
LEXIBLE WORKSCHEDULES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall en-sure that a flexible work schedule program under chapter 61 of title 5, United States Code, is in place for officers and enlisted members of the Coast Guard. 
SEC. 316. CLOTHING AT TIME OF DISCHARGE. 
Section 2705 of title 14, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 27 of that title, are re-pealed. 
SEC. 317. UNFUNDED PRIORITIES LIST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5102 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—On the date on which the President submits to Congress a budget pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a capital investment plan for the Coast Guard that identifies for each capital asset for which ap-propriations are proposed in that budget— ‘‘(1) the proposed appropriations included in the budget; ‘‘(2) the total estimated cost of completion based on the proposed appropriations in-cluded in the budget; ‘‘(3) projected funding levels for each fiscal year for the next 5 fiscal years or until project completion, whichever is earlier; ‘‘(4) an estimated completion date based on the proposed appropriations included in the budget; and ‘‘(5) an acquisition program baseline, as ap-plicable.’’; and (2) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the term ‘new capital asset’ means— ‘‘(1) an acquisition program that does not have an approved acquisition program base-line; or ‘‘(2) the acquisition of a capital asset in ex-cess of the number included in the approved acquisition program baseline.’’. (b) U
NFUNDED PRIORITIES .—Chapter 51 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 5106. Unfunded priorities list ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—On the date on which the President submits to Congress a budget pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a list of each unfunded priority for the Coast Guard. ‘‘(b) P
RIORITIZATION .—The list required under subsection (a) shall present the un-funded priorities in order from the highest priority to the lowest, as determined by the Commandant. ‘‘(c) U
NFUNDED PRIORITY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘unfunded priority’ means a program or mission requirement that— ‘‘(1) has not been selected for funding in the applicable proposed budget; ‘‘(2) is necessary to fulfill a requirement associated with an operational need; and ‘‘(3) the Commandant would have rec-ommended for inclusion in the applicable proposed budget had additional resources been available or had the requirement emerged before the budget was submitted.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 51 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘5106. Unfunded priorities list.’’. 
SEC. 318. SAFETY OF VESSELS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 527 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ naval ves- sels’’ and inserting ‘‘vessels of the Armed Forces’’; (2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘United States naval vessel’’ and inserting ‘‘vessel of the Armed Forces’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘senior naval officer present in command’’ and inserting ‘‘senior officer present in command’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘United States naval ves-sel’’ and inserting ‘‘vessel of the Armed Forces’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) For purposes of this title, the term ‘vessel of the Armed Forces’ means— ‘‘(1) any vessel owned or operated by the Department of Defense or the Coast Guard, other than a time- or voyage-chartered ves-sel; and ‘‘(2) any vessel owned and operated by the Department of Transportation that is des-ignated by the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating as a vessel equivalent to a vessel described in paragraph (1).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended by striking the item re-lating to section 527 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘527. Safety of vessels of the Armed Forces.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 2510(a)(1) of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘armed forces’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Armed Forces’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2159 April 16, 2018 
(2) by striking ‘‘section 101(a) of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 527(e)’’. 
SEC. 319. PROTECTING AGAINST UNMANNED AIR-CRAFT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by inserting after section 527 the following: ‘‘§ 528. Protecting against unmanned aircraft ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY .—Notwithstanding title 18 (including section 32, section 1030, sections 2510–2522, and sections 3121–3127), and section 46502 of title 49, the Secretary, or the Sec-retary’s designee, may take such actions de-scribed in subsection (c)(1) as are necessary to mitigate the threat, as defined by the Sec-retary in consultation with the Secretary of Transportation, that an unmanned aircraft system or unmanned aircraft poses to the safety or security of a covered vessel or air-craft. ‘‘(b) C
OORDINATION WITH THE SECRETARY OF  T
RANSPORTATION .—The Secretary, or the Secretary’s designee, shall coordinate with the Secretary of Transportation, including the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, before issuing any guidance or implementing any program or procedures to carry out this section that might affect aviation safety, civilian aviation and aero-space operations, aircraft airworthiness, or the use of the airspace. ‘‘(c) A
CTIONS DESCRIBED .— ‘‘(1) The actions described in this para-graph are the following: ‘‘(A) Detect, identify, monitor, and track the unmanned aircraft system or unmanned aircraft, without prior consent, including by means of intercept or other access of a wire, oral, or electronic communication used to control the unmanned aircraft system or un-manned aircraft. ‘‘(B) Warn the operator of the unmanned aircraft system or unmanned aircraft, in-cluding by passive or active, and direct or in-direct physical, electronic, radio, and elec-tromagnetic means. ‘‘(C) Disrupt control of the unmanned air-craft system or unmanned aircraft, without prior consent, including by disabling the un-manned aircraft system or unmanned air-craft by intercepting, interfering, or causing interference with wire, oral, electronic, or radio communications used to control the unmanned aircraft system or unmanned air-craft. ‘‘(D) Seize or exercise control of the un-manned aircraft system or unmanned air-craft. ‘‘(E) Seize or otherwise confiscate the un-manned aircraft system or unmanned air-craft. ‘‘(F) Use reasonable force to disable, dam-age, or destroy the unmanned aircraft sys-tem or unmanned aircraft. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall develop the ac-tions described in paragraph (1) in coordina-tion with the Secretary of Transportation. ‘‘(d) F
ORFEITURE .—Any unmanned aircraft system or unmanned aircraft described in subsection (a) that is seized by the Secretary is subject to forfeiture to the United States. ‘‘(e) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary and the Secretary of Transportation may prescribe regulations and shall issue guidance in the respective areas of each Secretary to carry out this section. The Secretary and the Sec-retary of Transportation shall coordinate in the development of such guidance. ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘covered vessel or aircraft’ means a vessel or aircraft that— ‘‘(A)(i) is a vessel or aircraft operated by the Coast Guard; or ‘‘(ii) is a vessel the Coast Guard is assist-ing or escorting; ‘‘(B) is located in the United States (in-cluding the territories and possessions of the United States); and ‘‘(C) is directly involved in a mission of the Coast Guard pertaining to— ‘‘(i) assisting or escorting a vessel of the Department of Defense; ‘‘(ii) assisting or escorting a vessel of na-tional security significance, a high interest vessel, a high capacity passenger vessel, or a high value unit, as those terms are defined by the Secretary; ‘‘(iii) section 91(a) of this title; ‘‘(iv) assistance in protecting the President or the Vice President (or other officer next in order of succession to the Office of the President) pursuant to the Presidential Pro-tection Assistance Act of 1976 (18 U.S.C. 3056 note); ‘‘(v) protection of a National Special Secu-rity Event, as designated by the Secretary; ‘‘(vi) air defense of the United States, in-cluding air sovereignty, ground-based air de-fense, and the National Capital Region inte-grated air defense system; or ‘‘(vii) a search and rescue operation. ‘‘(2) The terms ‘electronic communication’, ‘intercept’, ‘oral communication’, and ‘wire communication’ have the meaning given those terms in section 2510 of title 18. ‘‘(3) The term ‘National Special Security Event’ has the meaning given the term in section 2001 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 601). ‘‘(4) The terms ‘unmanned aircraft’ and ‘unmanned aircraft system’ have the mean-ings given those terms in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note). ‘‘(g) PRESERVATION OF APPROPRIATE AU-
THORITY .— ‘‘(1) Nothing in this section may be con-strued to vest in the Secretary any authority of the Secretary of Transportation or the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration under title 49. ‘‘(2) Nothing in this section may be con-strued to vest in the Secretary of Transpor-tation or the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration any authority of the Secretary under title 14. ‘‘(h) P
RIVACY PROTECTION .—Regulations or guidance issued under subsection (e) shall ensure that— ‘‘(1) the interception or acquisition of or access to communications to or from an un-manned aircraft system under this section is conducted in a manner consistent with the Fourth Amendment to the United States Constitution and applicable Federal law; ‘‘(2) communications to or from an un-manned aircraft system are intercepted, ac-quired, or accessed only to the extent nec-essary to support a function of the Depart-ment; ‘‘(3) records of such communications are not maintained for more than 180 days unless the Secretary determines that maintenance of such records— ‘‘(A) is necessary to support one or more functions of the Department; or ‘‘(B) is required for a longer period to sup-port a civilian law enforcement agency or by any other applicable law or regulation; and ‘‘(4) such communications are not disclosed outside the Department unless the disclo-sure— ‘‘(A) would fulfill a function of the Depart-ment; ‘‘(B) would support a civilian law enforce-ment agency or enforcement activities of a regulatory agency in connection with a criminal or civil investigation of, or any reg-ulatory action with regard to, any activity described under subsection (c); or ‘‘(C) is otherwise required by law or regula-tion. ‘‘(i) S
EMI-ANNUAL BRIEFINGS REQUIRED .— ‘‘(1) Not less than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authoriza-tion Act of 2017, and every 6 months there-after until the authority terminates pursuit to subsection (j), the Secretary and the Sec-retary of Transportation shall jointly pro-vide a briefing to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives on the activities carried out pursuant to this section. Such briefings shall include— ‘‘(A) policies, programs, and procedures to mitigate or eliminate impacts of such activi-ties to the National Airspace System; ‘‘(B) a description of each instance where an action described in subsection (c)(1) has been taken; ‘‘(C) how the Secretaries have informed the public as to the possible use of authorities under this section; and ‘‘(D) how the Secretaries have engaged with Federal, State, and local law enforce-ment agencies to implement and use such authorities. ‘‘(2) Each briefing under paragraph (1) shall be in unclassified form, but may be accom-panied by an additional classified briefing. ‘‘(j) TERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The au- thority pursuant to this section shall expire on December 31, 2020, for Department mis-sions unless the President of the United States certifies to Congress, not less than 45 days prior to the expiration date that retain-ing authority pursuant to this section is in the national security interests of the United States, thereby extending the authority for those mission areas an additional 180 days.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 527 the following: ‘‘528. Protecting against unmanned air-craft.’’. 
SEC. 320. AIR FACILITIES. 
Section 912 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a); (2) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (a) and (b), respectively; (3) in subsection (a) as redesignated— (A) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND COMMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Prior to closing an air facility, the Secretary shall provide opportu-nities for public comment, including the con-vening of public meetings in communities in the area of responsibility of the air facility with regard to the proposed closure or ces-sation of operations at the air facility. ‘‘(B) P
UBLIC MEETINGS .—Prior to convening a public meeting under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall notify each congressional of-fice representing any portion of the area of responsibility of the air station that is the subject to such public meeting of the sched-ule and location of such public meeting.’’; (B) in paragraph (4)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’; and (ii) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) submit to the Congress a proposal for such closure, cessation, or reduction in oper-ations along with the budget of the Presi-dent submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31 that includes— ‘‘(i) a discussion of the determination made by the Secretary pursuant to paragraph (2); and ‘‘(ii) a report summarizing the public com-ments received by the Secretary under para-graph (3)’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2160 April 16, 2018 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) C
ONGRESSIONAL REVIEW .—The Sec-retary may not close, cease operations, or significantly reduce personnel and use of a Coast Guard air facility for which a written notice is provided under paragraph (4)(A) until a period of 18 months beginning on the date on which such notice is provided has elapsed.’’. TITLE IV—PORTS AND WATERWAYS SAFETY 
SEC. 401. CODIFICATION OF PORTS AND WATER-WAYS SAFETY ACT. 
(a) C ODIFICATION .—Subtitle VII of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting before chapter 701 the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 700—PORTS AND WATERWAYS SAFETY ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER A —VESSEL OPERATIONS  ‘‘70001. Vessel traffic services. ‘‘70002. Special powers. ‘‘70003. Port access routes. ‘‘70004. Considerations by Secretary. ‘‘70005. International agreements. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER B —PORTS AND WATERWAYS  
SAFETY  ‘‘70011. Waterfront safety. ‘‘70012. Navigational hazards. ‘‘70013. Requirement to notify Coast Guard of release of objects into the navigable waters of the United States. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER C —CONDITION FOR ENTRY INTO  
PORTS IN THE UNITED STATES  ‘‘70021. Conditions for entry to ports in the united states. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER D —DEFINITIONS , REGULATIONS , 
ENFORCEMENT , INVESTIGATORY POWERS , AP-
PLICABILITY  ‘‘70031. Definitions. ‘‘70032. Saint Lawrence Seaway. ‘‘70033. Limitation on application to foreign vessels. ‘‘70034. Regulations. ‘‘70035. Investigatory powers. ‘‘70036. Enforcement. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—VESSEL OPERATIONS ‘‘§ 70001. Vessel traffic services ‘‘(a) Subject to the requirements of section 70004, the Secretary— ‘‘(1) in any port or place under the jurisdic-tion of the United States, in the navigable waters of the United States, or in any area covered by an international agreement nego-tiated pursuant to section 70005, may con-struct, operate, maintain, improve, or ex-pand vessel traffic services, that consist of measures for controlling or supervising ves-sel traffic or for protecting navigation and the marine environment and that may in-clude one or more of reporting and operating requirements, surveillance and communica-tions systems, routing systems, and fair-ways; ‘‘(2) shall require appropriate vessels that operate in an area of a vessel traffic service to utilize or comply with that service; ‘‘(3)(A) may require vessels to install and use specified navigation equipment, commu-nications equipment, electronic relative mo-tion analyzer equipment, or any electronic or other device necessary to comply with a vessel traffic service or that is necessary in the interests of vessel safety. ‘‘(B) Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall not require fishing ves-sels under 300 gross tons as measured under section 14502, or an alternate tonnage meas-ured under section 14302 as prescribed by the Secretary under section 14104, or rec-reational vessels 65 feet or less to possess or use the equipment or devices required by this subsection solely under the authority of this chapter; ‘‘(4) may control vessel traffic in areas sub-ject to the jurisdiction of the United States that the Secretary determines to be haz-ardous, or under conditions of reduced visi-bility, adverse weather, vessel congestion, or other hazardous circumstances, by— ‘‘(A) specifying times of entry, movement, or departure; ‘‘(B) establishing vessel traffic routing schemes; ‘‘(C) establishing vessel size, speed, or draft limitations and vessel operating conditions; and ‘‘(D) restricting operation, in any haz-ardous area or under hazardous conditions, to vessels that have particular operating characteristics or capabilities that the Sec-retary considers necessary for safe operation under the circumstances; ‘‘(5) may require the receipt of prearrival messages from any vessel, destined for a port or place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, in sufficient time to permit advance vessel traffic planning before port entry, which shall include any information that is not already a matter of record and that the Secretary determines necessary for the control of the vessel and the safety of the port or the marine environment; and ‘‘(6) may prohibit the use on vessels of electronic or other devices that interfere with communication and navigation equip-ment, except that such authority shall not apply to electronic or other devices certified to transmit in the maritime services by the Federal Communications Commission and used within the frequency bands 157.1875– 157.4375 MHz and 161.7875–162.0375 MHz. ‘‘(b) COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may enter into cooperative agreements with public or private agencies, authorities, associations, institutions, corporations, organizations, or other persons to carry out the functions under subsection (a)(1). ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(A) A nongovernmental entity may not under this subsection carry out an inher-ently governmental function. ‘‘(B) As used in this paragraph, the term ‘inherently governmental function’ means any activity that is so intimately related to the public interest as to mandate perform-ance by an officer or employee of the Federal Government, including an activity that re-quires either the exercise of discretion in ap-plying the authority of the Government or the use of judgment in making a decision for the Government. ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR COAST  G
UARD VESSEL TRAFFIC SERVICE PILOTS AND  N
ON-FEDERAL VESSEL TRAFFIC SERVICE OP-
ERATORS .— ‘‘(1) C
OAST GUARD VESSEL TRAFFIC SERVICE  
PILOTS .—Any pilot, acting in the course and scope of his or her duties while at a Coast Guard Vessel Traffic Service, who provides information, advice, or communication as-sistance while under the supervision of a Coast Guard officer, member, or employee shall not be liable for damages caused by or related to such assistance unless the acts or omissions of such pilot constitute gross neg-ligence or willful misconduct. ‘‘(2) N
ON-FEDERAL VESSEL TRAFFIC SERVICE  
OPERATORS .—An entity operating a non-Fed-eral vessel traffic information service or ad-visory service pursuant to a duly executed written agreement with the Coast Guard, and any pilot acting on behalf of such entity, is not liable for damages caused by or related to information, advice, or communication assistance provided by such entity or pilot while so operating or acting unless the acts or omissions of such entity or pilot con-stitute gross negligence or willful mis-conduct. ‘‘§ 70002. Special powers ‘‘The Secretary may order any vessel, in a port or place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States or in the navigable waters of the United States, to operate or anchor in a manner the Secretary directs if— ‘‘(1) the Secretary has reasonable cause to believe such vessel does not comply with any regulation issued under section 70034 or any other applicable law or treaty; ‘‘(2) the Secretary determines such vessel does not satisfy the conditions for port entry set forth in section 70021 of this title; or ‘‘(3) by reason of weather, visibility, sea conditions, port congestion, other hazardous circumstances, or the condition of such ves-sel, the Secretary is satisfied such direction is justified in the interest of safety. ‘‘§ 70003. Port access routes ‘‘(a) AUTHORITY TODESIGNATE .—Except as provided in subsection (b) and subject to the requirements of subsection (c), in order to provide safe access routes for the movement of vessel traffic proceeding to or from ports or places subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, the Secretary shall designate necessary fairways and traffic separation schemes for vessels operating in the terri-torial sea of the United States and in high seas approaches, outside the territorial sea, to such ports or places. Such a designation shall recognize, within the designated area, the paramount right of navigation over all other uses. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No designation may be made by the Secretary under this section if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary determines such a des-ignation, as implemented, would deprive any person of the effective exercise of a right granted by a lease or permit executed or issued under other applicable provisions of law; and ‘‘(B) such right has become vested before the time of publication of the notice re-quired by paragraph (1) of subsection (c). ‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATION REQUIRED .—The Sec-retary shall make the determination under paragraph (1)(A) after consultation with the head of the agency responsible for executing the lease or issuing the permit. ‘‘(c) C
ONSIDERATION OF OTHER USES.—Be- fore making a designation under subsection (a), and in accordance with the requirements of section 70004, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) undertake a study of the potential traffic density and the need for safe access routes for vessels in any area for which fair-ways or traffic separation schemes are pro-posed or that may otherwise be considered and publish notice of such undertaking in the Federal Register; ‘‘(2) in consultation with the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Interior, the Sec-retary of Commerce, the Secretary of the Army, and the Governors of affected States, as their responsibilities may require, take into account all other uses of the area under consideration, including, as appropriate, the exploration for, or exploitation of, oil, gas, or other mineral resources, the construction or operation of deepwater ports or other structures on or above the seabed or subsoil of the submerged lands or the Outer Conti-nental Shelf of the United States, the estab-lishment or operation of marine or estuarine sanctuaries, and activities involving rec-reational or commercial fishing; and ‘‘(3) to the extent practicable, reconcile the need for safe access routes with the needs of all other reasonable uses of the area involved. ‘‘(d) S
TUDY .—In carrying out the Sec-retary’s responsibilities under subsection (c), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) proceed expeditiously to complete any study undertaken; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2161 April 16, 2018 
‘‘(2) after completion of such a study, promptly— ‘‘(A) issue a notice of proposed rulemaking for the designation contemplated; or ‘‘(B) publish in the Federal Register a no-tice that no designation is contemplated as a result of the study and the reason for such determination. ‘‘(e) I
MPLEMENTATION OF DESIGNATION .—In connection with a designation made under this section, the Secretary— ‘‘(1) shall issue reasonable rules and regu-lations governing the use of such designated areas, including rules and regulations re-garding the applicability of rules 9 and 10 of the International Regulations for Preventing Collisions at Sea, 1972, relating to narrow channels and traffic separation schemes, re-spectively, in waters where such regulations apply; ‘‘(2) to the extent that the Secretary finds reasonable and necessary to effectuate the purposes of the designation, make the use of designated fairways and traffic separation schemes mandatory for specific types and sizes of vessels, foreign and domestic, oper-ating in the territorial sea of the United States and for specific types and sizes of ves-sels of the United States operating on the high seas beyond the territorial sea of the United States; ‘‘(3) may, from time to time, as necessary, adjust the location or limits of designated fairways or traffic separation schemes in order to accommodate the needs of other uses that cannot be reasonably accommo-dated otherwise, except that such an adjust-ment may not, in the judgment of the Sec-retary, unacceptably adversely affect the purpose for which the existing designation was made and the need for which continues; and ‘‘(4) shall, through appropriate channels— ‘‘(A) notify cognizant international organi-zations of any designation, or adjustment thereof; and ‘‘(B) take action to seek the cooperation of foreign States in making it mandatory for vessels under their control to use, to the same extent as required by the Secretary for vessels of the United States, any fairway or traffic separation scheme designated under this section in any area of the high seas. ‘‘§ 70004. Considerations by Secretary ‘‘In carrying out the duties of the Sec-retary under sections 70001, 70002, and 70003, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) take into account all relevant factors concerning navigation and vessel safety, pro-tection of the marine environment, and the safety and security of United States ports and waterways, including— ‘‘(A) the scope and degree of the risk or hazard involved; ‘‘(B) vessel traffic characteristics and trends, including traffic volume, the sizes and types of vessels involved, potential in-terference with the flow of commercial traf-fic, the presence of any unusual cargoes, and other similar factors; ‘‘(C) port and waterway configurations and variations in local conditions of geography, climate, and other similar factors; ‘‘(D) the need for granting exemptions for the installation and use of equipment or de-vices for use with vessel traffic services for certain classes of small vessels, such as self- propelled fishing vessels and recreational vessels; ‘‘(E) the proximity of fishing grounds, oil and gas drilling and production operations, or any other potential or actual conflicting activity; ‘‘(F) environmental factors; ‘‘(G) economic impact and effects; ‘‘(H) existing vessel traffic services; and ‘‘(I) local practices and customs, including voluntary arrangements and agreements within the maritime community; and ‘‘(2) at the earliest possible time, consult with and receive and consider the views of representatives of the maritime community, ports and harbor authorities or associations, environmental groups, and other persons who may be affected by the proposed actions. ‘‘§ 70005. International agreements ‘‘(a) T
RANSMITTAL OF REGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall transmit, via the Secretary of State, to appropriate international bodies or forums, any regulations issued under this subchapter, for consideration as inter-national standards. ‘‘(b) A
GREEMENTS .—The President is au-thorized and encouraged to— ‘‘(1) enter into negotiations and conclude and execute agreements with neighboring nations, to establish compatible vessel standards and vessel traffic services, and to establish, operate, and maintain inter-national vessel traffic services, in areas and under circumstances of mutual concern; and ‘‘(2) enter into negotiations, through ap-propriate international bodies, and conclude and execute agreements to establish vessel traffic services in appropriate areas of the high seas. ‘‘(c) O
PERATIONS .—The Secretary, pursuant to any agreement negotiated under sub-section (b) that is binding upon the United States in accordance with constitutional re-quirements, may— ‘‘(1) require vessels operating in an area of a vessel traffic service to utilize or to com-ply with the vessel traffic service, including the carrying or installation of equipment and devices as necessary for the use of the service; and ‘‘(2) waive, by order or regulation, the ap-plication of any United States law or regula-tion concerning the design, construction, op-eration, equipment, personnel qualifications, and manning standards for vessels operating in waters over which the United States exer-cises jurisdiction if such vessel is not en route to or from a United States port or place, and if vessels en route to or from a United States port or place are accorded equivalent waivers of laws and regulations of the neighboring nation, when operating in waters over which that nation exercises ju-risdiction. ‘‘(d) S
HIPREPORTING SYSTEMS .—The Sec- retary, in cooperation with the International Maritime Organization, may implement and enforce two mandatory ship reporting sys-tems, consistent with international law, with respect to vessels subject to such re-porting systems entering the following areas of the Atlantic Ocean: ‘‘(1) Cape Cod Bay, Massachusetts Bay, and Great South Channel (in the area generally bounded by a line starting from a point on Cape Ann, Massachusetts at 42 deg. 39 ′ N., 70 deg. 37′ W; then northeast to 42 deg. 45 ′ N., 70 deg. 13′ W; then southeast to 42 deg. 10 ′ N., 68 deg. 31′ W, then south to 41 deg. 00 ′ N., 68 deg. 31′ W; then west to 41 deg. 00 ′ N., 69 deg. 17′ W; then northeast to 42 deg. 05 ′ N., 70 deg. 02′ W, then west to 42 deg. 04 ′ N., 70 deg. 10′ W; and then along the Massachusetts shoreline of Cape Cod Bay and Massachusetts Bay back to the point on Cape Ann at 42 deg. 39 ′ N., 70 deg. 37′ W). ‘‘(2) In the coastal waters of the South-eastern United States within about 25 nm along a 90 nm stretch of the Atlantic sea-board (in an area generally extending from the shoreline east to longitude 80 deg. 51.6 ′ W with the southern and northern boundary at latitudes 30 deg. 00′ N., 31 deg. 27′ N., respec- tively). ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—PORTS AND WATERWAYS SAFETY ‘‘§ 70011. Waterfront safety ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—The Secretary may take such action as is necessary to— ‘‘(1) prevent damage to, or the destruction of, any bridge or other structure on or in the navigable waters of the United States, or any land structure or shore area imme-diately adjacent to such waters; and ‘‘(2) protect the navigable waters and the resources therein from harm resulting from vessel or structure damage, destruction, or loss. ‘‘(b) A
CTIONS AUTHORIZED .—Actions au-thorized by subsection (a) include— ‘‘(1) establishing procedures, measures, and standards for the handling, loading, unload-ing, storage, stowage, and movement on a structure (including the emergency removal, control, and disposition) of explosives or other dangerous articles and substances, in-cluding oil or hazardous material as those terms are defined in section 2101; ‘‘(2) prescribing minimum safety equip-ment requirements for a structure to assure adequate protection from fire, explosion, natural disaster, and other serious accidents or casualties; ‘‘(3) establishing water or waterfront safe-ty zones, or other measures, for limited, con-trolled, or conditional access and activity when necessary for the protection of any ves-sel, structure, waters, or shore area; and ‘‘(4) establishing procedures for examina-tion to assure compliance with the require-ments prescribed under this section. ‘‘(c) S
TATE LAW.—Nothing in this section, with respect to structures, prohibits a State or political subdivision thereof from pre-scribing higher safety equipment require-ments or safety standards than those that may be prescribed by regulations under this section. ‘‘§ 70012. Navigational hazards ‘‘(a) R
EPORTING PROCEDURE .—The Sec-retary shall establish a program to encour-age fishermen and other vessel operators to report potential or existing navigational hazards involving pipelines to the Secretary through Coast Guard field offices. ‘‘(b) S
ECRETARY ’SRESPONSE .— ‘‘(1) N
OTIFICATION BY THE OPERATOR OF A  
PIPELINE .—Upon notification by the operator of a pipeline of a hazard to navigation with respect to that pipeline, the Secretary shall immediately notify Coast Guard head-quarters, the Pipeline and Hazardous Mate-rials Safety Administration, other affected Federal and State agencies, and vessel own-ers and operators in the pipeline’s vicinity. ‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION BY OTHER PERSONS .— Upon notification by any other person of a hazard or potential hazard to navigation with respect to a pipeline, the Secretary shall promptly determine whether a hazard exists, and if so shall immediately notify Coast Guard headquarters, the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, other affected Federal and State agencies, vessel owners and operators in the pipeline’s vicinity, and the owner and operator of the pipeline. ‘‘(c) P
IPELINE DEFINED .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘pipeline’ has the meaning given the term ‘pipeline facility’ in section 60101(a)(18) of title 49. ‘‘§ 70013. Requirement to notify Coast Guard of release of objects into the navigable waters of the United States ‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENT .—As soon as a person has knowledge of any release from a vessel or facility into the navigable waters of the United States of any object that creates an obstruction prohibited under section 10 of the Act of March 3, 1899, popularly known as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2162 April 16, 2018 
the Rivers and Harbors Appropriations Act of 1899 (33 U.S.C. 403), such person shall no-tify the Secretary and the Secretary of the Army of such release. ‘‘(b) R
ESTRICTION ON USE OF NOTIFICA -
TION.—Any notification provided by an indi-vidual in accordance with subsection (a) may not be used against such individual in any criminal case, except a prosecution for per-jury or for giving a false statement. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—CONDITION FOR ENTRY INTO PORTS IN THE UNITED STATES ‘‘§ 70021. Conditions for entry to ports in the United States ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—No vessel that is subject to chapter 37 shall operate in the navigable waters of the United States or transfer cargo or residue in any port or place under the ju-risdiction of the United States, if such ves-sel— ‘‘(1) has a history of accidents, pollution incidents, or serious repair problems that, as determined by the Secretary, creates reason to believe that such vessel may be unsafe or may create a threat to the marine environ-ment; ‘‘(2) fails to comply with any applicable regulation issued under section 70034, chap-ter 37, or any other applicable law or treaty; ‘‘(3) discharges oil or hazardous material in violation of any law of the United States or in a manner or quantities inconsistent with any treaty to which the United States is a party; ‘‘(4) does not comply with any applicable vessel traffic service requirements; ‘‘(5) is manned by one or more officers who are licensed by a certificating State that the Secretary has determined, pursuant to sec-tion 9101 of title 46, does not have standards for licensing and certification of seafarers that are comparable to or more stringent than United States standards or inter-national standards that are accepted by the United States; ‘‘(6) is not manned in compliance with manning levels as determined by the Sec-retary to be necessary to insure the safe navigation of the vessel; or ‘‘(7) while underway, does not have at least one licensed deck officer on the navigation bridge who is capable of clearly under-standing English. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may allow provisional entry of a vessel that is not in compliance with subsection (a), if the owner or operator of such vessel proves, to the sat-isfaction of the Secretary, that such vessel is not unsafe or a threat to the marine environ-ment, and if such entry is necessary for the safety of the vessel or persons aboard. ‘‘(2) P
ROVISIONS NOT APPLICABLE .—Para- graphs (1), (2), (3), and (4) of subsection (a) of this section shall not apply to a vessel al-lowed provisional entry under paragraph (1) if the owner or operator of such vessel proves, to the satisfaction of the Secretary, that such vessel is no longer unsafe or a threat to the marine environment, and is no longer in violation of any applicable law, treaty, regulation, or condition, as appro-priate. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER IV—DEFINITIONS, REGU-LATIONS, ENFORCEMENT, INVESTIGA-TORY POWERS, APPLICABILITY ‘‘§ 70031. Definitions ‘‘As used in subchapters A through C and this subchapter, unless the context other-wise requires: ‘‘(1) The term ‘marine environment’ means— ‘‘(A) the navigable waters of the United States and the land and resources therein and thereunder; ‘‘(B) the waters and fishery resources of any area over which the United States as-serts exclusive fishery management author-ity; ‘‘(C) the seabed and subsoil of the Outer Continental Shelf of the United States, the resources thereof, and the waters superjacent thereto; and ‘‘(D) the recreational, economic, and scenic values of such waters and resources. ‘‘(2) The term ‘Secretary’ means the Sec-retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, except that such term means the Secretary of Transportation with respect to the application of this chapter to the Saint Lawrence Seaway. ‘‘(3) The term ‘navigable waters of the United States’ includes all waters of the ter-ritorial sea of the United States as described in Presidential Proclamation No. 5928 of De-cember 27, 1988. ‘‘§ 70032. Saint Lawrence Seaway ‘‘The authority granted to the Secretary under sections 70001, 70002, 70003, 7004, and 70011 may not be delegated with respect to the Saint Lawrence Seaway to any agency other than the Saint Lawrence Seaway De-velopment Corporation. Any other authority granted the Secretary under subchapters A through C and this subchapter shall be dele-gated by the Secretary to the Saint Law-rence Seaway Development Corporation to the extent the Secretary determines such delegation is necessary for the proper oper-ation of the Saint Lawrence Seaway. ‘‘§ 70033. Limitation on application to foreign vessels ‘‘Except pursuant to international treaty, convention, or agreement, to which the United States is a party, subchapters A through C and this subchapter shall not apply to any foreign vessel that is not des-tined for, or departing from, a port or place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States and that is in— ‘‘(1) innocent passage through the terri-torial sea of the United States; or ‘‘(2) transit through the navigable waters of the United States that form a part of an international strait. ‘‘§ 70034. Regulations ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—In accordance with sec-tion 553 of title 5, the Secretary shall issue, and may from time to time amend or repeal, regulations necessary to implement sub-chapters A through C and this subchapter. ‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION .—In the exercise of the regulatory authority under subchapters A through C and this subchapter, the Secretary shall consult with, and receive and consider the views of all interested persons, includ-ing— ‘‘(1) interested Federal departments and agencies; ‘‘(2) officials of State and local govern-ments; ‘‘(3) representatives of the maritime com-munity; ‘‘(4) representatives of port and harbor au-thorities or associations; ‘‘(5) representatives of environmental groups; ‘‘(6) any other interested persons who are knowledgeable or experienced in dealing with problems involving vessel safety, port and waterways safety, and protection of the marine environment; and ‘‘(7) advisory committees consisting of all interested segments of the public when the establishment of such committees is consid-ered necessary because the issues involved are highly complex or controversial. ‘‘§ 70035. Investigatory powers ‘‘(a) S
ECRETARY .—The Secretary may in-vestigate any incident, accident, or act in-volving the loss or destruction of, or damage to, any structure subject to subchapters A through C and this subchapter, or that af-fects or may affect the safety or environ-mental quality of the ports, harbors, or navi-gable waters of the United States. ‘‘(b) POWERS .—In an investigation under this section, the Secretary may issue sub-poenas to require the attendance of wit-nesses and the production of documents or other evidence relating to such incident, ac-cident, or act. If any person refuses to obey a subpoena, the Secretary may request the Attorney General to invoke the aid of the appropriate district court of the United States to compel compliance with the sub-poena. Any district court of the United States may, in the case of refusal to obey a subpoena, issue an order requiring compli-ance with the subpoena, and failure to obey the order may be punished by the court as contempt. Witnesses may be paid fees for travel and attendance at rates not exceeding those allowed in a district court of the United States. ‘‘§ 70036. Enforcement ‘‘(a) C
IVILPENALTY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any person who is found by the Secretary, after notice and an oppor-tunity for a hearing, to have violated sub-chapters A through C or this subchapter or a regulation issued under subchapters A through C or this subchapter shall be liable to the United States for a civil penalty, not to exceed $25,000 for each violation. Each day of a continuing violation shall constitute a separate violation. The amount of such civil penalty shall be assessed by the Secretary, or the Secretary’s designee, by written no-tice. In determining the amount of such pen-alty, the Secretary shall take into account the nature, circumstances, extent, and grav-ity of the prohibited acts committed and, with respect to the violator, the degree of culpability, any history of prior offenses, ability to pay, and such other matters as jus-tice may require. ‘‘(2) C
OMPROMISE , MODIFICATION , OR REMIS -
SION.—The Secretary may compromise, mod-ify, or remit, with or without conditions, any civil penalty that is subject to imposi-tion or that has been imposed under this sec-tion. ‘‘(3) F
AILURE TO PAY PENALTY .—If any per-son fails to pay an assessment of a civil pen-alty after it has become final, the Secretary may refer the matter to the Attorney Gen-eral of the United States, for collection in any appropriate district court of the United States. ‘‘(b) C
RIMINAL PENALTY .— ‘‘(1) C
LASS D FELONY .—Any person who willfully and knowingly violates subchapters A through C or this subchapter or any regu-lation issued thereunder commits a class D felony. ‘‘(2) C
LASS C FELONY .—Any person who, in the willful and knowing violation of sub-chapters A through C or this subchapter or of any regulation issued thereunder, uses a dangerous weapon, or engages in conduct that causes bodily injury or fear of imminent bodily injury to any officer authorized to en-force the provisions of such a subchapter or the regulations issued under such sub-chapter, commits a class C felony. ‘‘(c) I
NREMLIABILITY .—Any vessel that is used in violation of subchapters A, B, or C or this subchapter, or any regulations issued under such subchapter, shall be liable in rem for any civil penalty assessed pursuant to subsection (a) and may be proceeded against in the United States district court for any district in which such vessel may be found. ‘‘(d) I
NJUNCTION .—The United States dis-trict courts shall have jurisdiction to re-strain violations of subchapter A, B, or C or this subchapter or of regulations issued under such subchapter, for cause shown. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2163 April 16, 2018 
‘‘(e) D ENIAL OF ENTRY .—Except as provided in section 70021, the Secretary may, subject to recognized principles of international law, deny entry by any vessel that is not in com-pliance with subchapter A, B, or C or this subchapter or the regulations issued under such subchapter— ‘‘(1) into the navigable waters of the United States; or ‘‘(2) to any port or place under the jurisdic-tion of the United States. ‘‘(f) W
ITHHOLDING OF CLEARANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If any owner, operator, or individual in charge of a vessel is liable for a penalty or fine under this section, or if reasonable cause exists to believe that the owner, operator, or individual in charge may be subject to a penalty or fine under this sec-tion, the Secretary of the Treasury, upon the request of the Secretary, shall with respect to such vessel refuse or revoke any clearance required by section 60105 of title 46. ‘‘(2) G
RANTING CLEARANCE REFUSED OR RE -
VOKED .—Clearance refused or revoked under this subsection may be granted upon filing of a bond or other surety satisfactory to the Secretary.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of such subtitle is amended by inserting before the item relating to chapter 701 the following: ‘‘700. Ports and Waterways Safety .....70001.’’. 
SEC. 402. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) E LECTRONIC CHARTS .— (1) T
RANSFER OF PROVISION .—Section 4A of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1223a)— (A) is redesignated as section 3105 of title 46, United States Code, and transferred to appear after section 3104 of that title; and (B) is amended by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON APPLICATION .—Except pursuant to an international treaty, conven-tion, or agreement, to which the United States is a party, this section shall not apply to any foreign vessel that is not destined for, or departing from, a port or place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States and that is in— ‘‘(1) innocent passage through the terri-torial sea of the United States; or ‘‘(2) transit through the navigable waters of the United States that form a part of an international strait.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 31 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘3105. Electronic charts.’’. (b) P
ORT, HARBOR , AND COASTAL FACILITY  S
ECURITY .— (1) T
RANSFER OF PROVISIONS .—So much of section 7 of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1226) as precedes subsection (c) of that section is redesignated as section 70116 of title 46, United States Code, and transferred so as to replace section 70116 of that title, as in effect before the enactment of this Act. (2) D
EFINITIONS , ADMINISTRATION , AND EN -
FORCEMENT .—Section 70116 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by paragraph (1) of this subsection, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS , ADMINISTRATION , ANDEN-
FORCEMENT .—This section shall be treated as part of chapter 700 for purposes of sections 70031, 70032, 70034, 70035, and 70036.’’. (3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 701 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 70116 and inserting the following: ‘‘70116. Port, harbor, and coastal facility se-curity.’’. (c) N
ONDISCLOSURE OF PORT SECURITY  P
LANS .—Subsection (c) of section 7 of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1226), as so designated before the application of subsection (b)(1) of this section— (1) is redesignated as subsection (f) of sec-tion 70103 of title 46, United States Code, and transferred so as to appear after subsection (e) of such section; and (2) is amended by striking ‘‘this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘this chapter’’. (d) REPEAL .—Section 2307 of title 46, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis at the beginning of chapter 23 of that title, are repealed. (e) R
EPEAL .—The Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1221–1231, 1232–1232b), as amended by this Act, is repealed. 
SEC. 403. TRANSITIONAL AND SAVINGS PROVI-SIONS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) S
OURCE PROVISION .—The term ‘‘source provision’’ means a provision of law that is replaced by a title 46 provision under this title. (2) T
ITLE 46 PROVISION .—The term ‘‘title 46 provision’’ means a provision of title 46, United States Code, that is enacted by sec-tion 402. (b) C
UTOFF DATE.—The title 46 provisions replace certain provisions of law enacted be-fore the date of the enactment of this Act. If a law enacted after that date amends or re-peals a source provision, that law is deemed to amend or repeal, as the case may be, the corresponding title 46 provision. If a law en-acted after that date is otherwise incon-sistent with a title 46 provision or a provi-sion of this title, that law supersedes the title 46 provision or provision of this title to the extent of the inconsistency. (c) O
RIGINAL DATE OF ENACTMENT UN-
CHANGED .—For purposes of determining whether one provision of law supersedes an-other based on enactment later in time, a title 46 provision is deemed to have been en-acted on the date of enactment of the source provision that the title 46 provision replaces. (d) R
EFERENCES TO TITLE 46 P ROVISIONS .—A reference to a title 46 provision, including a reference in a regulation, order, or other law, is deemed to refer to the corresponding source provision. (e) R
EFERENCES TO SOURCE PROVISIONS .—A reference to a source provision, including a reference in a regulation, order, or other law, is deemed to refer to the corresponding title 46 provision. (f) R
EGULATIONS , ORDERS , AND OTHER AD-
MINISTRATIVE ACTIONS .—A regulation, order, or other administrative action in effect under a source provision continues in effect under the corresponding title 46 provision. (g) A
CTIONS TAKEN AND OFFENSES COM-
MITTED .—An action taken or an offense com-mitted under a source provision is deemed to have been taken or committed under the cor-responding title 46 provision. 
SEC. 404. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
This title, including the amendments made by this title, is intended only to transfer pro-visions of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act to title 46, United States Code, and may not be construed to alter— (1) the effect of a provision of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act, including any au-thority or requirement therein; (2) a department or agency interpretation with respect to the Ports and Waterways Safety Act; or (3) a judicial interpretation with respect to the Ports and Waterways Safety Act. 
SEC. 405. ADVISORY COMMITTEE: REPEAL. 
Section 18 of the Coast Guard Authoriza-tion Act of 1991 (Public Law 102–241; 105 Stat. 2213) is repealed. 
SEC. 406. REGATTAS AND MARINE PARADES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 700 of title 46, United States Code, as established by section 401 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER V—REGATTAS AND MARINE PARADES ‘‘§ 70041. Regattas and marine parades ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard may issue regulations to pro-mote the safety of life on navigable waters during regattas or marine parades. ‘‘(b) D
ETAIL AND USE OF VESSELS .—To en- force regulations issued under this section— ‘‘(1) the Commandant may detail any pub-lic vessel in the service of the Coast Guard and make use of any private vessel tendered gratuitously for that purpose; and ‘‘(2) upon the request of the Commandant, the head of any other Federal department or agency may enforce the regulations by means of any public vessel of such depart-ment and any private vessel tendered gratu-itously for that purpose. ‘‘(c) T
RANSFER OF AUTHORITY .—The author-ity of the Commandant under this section may be transferred by the President for any special occasion to the head of another Fed-eral department or agency whenever in the President’s judgment such transfer is desir-able. ‘‘(d) P
ENALTIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For any violation of reg-ulations issued pursuant to this section the following penalties shall be incurred: ‘‘(A) A licensed officer shall be liable to suspension or revocation of license in the manner prescribed by law for incompetency or misconduct. ‘‘(B) Any person in charge of the naviga-tion of a vessel other than a licensed officer shall be liable to a penalty of $5,000. ‘‘(C) The owner of a vessel (including any corporate officer of a corporation owning the vessel) actually on board shall be liable to a penalty of $5,000, unless the violation of reg-ulations occurred without the owner’s knowledge. ‘‘(D) Any other person shall be liable to a penalty of $2,500. ‘‘(2) M
ITIGATION OR REMISSION .—The Com-mandant may mitigate or remit any penalty provided for in this subsection in the manner prescribed by law for the mitigation or re-mission of penalties for violation of the navi-gation laws.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 700 of title 46, United States Code, as established by section 401 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER E —REGATTAS AND MARINE  
PARADES  ‘‘70041. Regattas and marine parades.’’. (c) R
EPEAL .—The Act of April 28, 1908 (35 Stat. 69, chapter 151; 33 U.S.C. 1233 et seq.), is repealed. 
SEC. 407. REGULATION OF VESSELS IN TERRI-TORIAL WATERS OF UNITED STATES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF SUBCHAPTER F.— Chapter 700 of title 46, United States Code, as established by section 401 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER VI—REGULATION OF VES-SELS IN TERRITORIAL WATERS OF UNITED STATES ‘‘§ 70054. Definitions ‘‘In this subchapter: ‘‘(1) U
NITED STATES .—The term ‘United States’ includes all territory and waters, continental or insular, subject to the juris-diction of the United States. ‘‘(2) T
ERRITORIAL WATERS .—The term ‘ter-ritorial waters of the United States’ includes all waters of the territorial sea of the United States as described in Presidential Procla-mation 5928 of December 27, 1988.’’. (b) R
EGULATION OF ANCHORAGE AND MOVE-
MENT OF VESSELS DURING NATIONAL EMER-
GENCY .—Section 1 of title II of the Act of June 15, 1917 (40 Stat. 220, chapter 30; 50 U.S.C. 191), is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2164 April 16, 2018 
(1) by striking the section designation and all that follows before ‘‘by proclamation’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘§ 70051. Regulation of anchorage and move-ment of vessels during national emergency ‘‘Whenever the President’’; (2) by striking ‘‘of the Treasury’’; (3) by striking ‘‘of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; (4) by striking ‘‘this title’’ and inserting ‘‘this subchapter’’; and (5) by transferring the section so that the section appears before section 70054 of title 46, United States Code (as added by sub-section (a) of this section). (c) S
EIZURE AND FORFEITURE OF VESSEL ; F
INE AND IMPRISONMENT .—Section 2 of title II of the Act of June 15, 1917 (40 Stat. 220, chapter 30; 50 U.S.C. 192), is amended— (1) by striking the section designation and all that follows before ‘‘agent,’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘§ 70052. Seizure and forfeiture of vessel; fine and imprisonment ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—If any owner,’’; (2) by striking ‘‘this title’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘this subchapter’’; and (3) by transferring the section so that the section appears after section 70051 of title 46, United States Code (as transferred by sub-section (b) of this section). (d) E
NFORCEMENT PROVISIONS .—Section 4 of title II of the Act of June 15, 1917 (40 Stat. 220, chapter 30; 50 U.S.C. 194), is amended— (1) by striking all before ‘‘may employ’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘§ 70053. Enforcement provisions ‘‘The President’’; (2) by striking ‘‘the purpose of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘this subchapter’’; and (3) by transferring the section so that the section appears after section 70052 of title 46, United States Code (as transferred by sub-section (c) of this section). (e) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 700 of title 46, United States Code, as established by section 401 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER F —REGULATION OF VESSELS IN  
TERRITORIAL WATERS OF UNITED STATES  ‘‘70051. Regulation of anchorage and move-ment of vessels during national emergency. ‘‘70052. Seizure and forfeiture of vessel; fine and imprisonment. ‘‘70053. Enforcement provisions. ‘‘70054. Definitions.’’. 
SEC. 408. PORT, HARBOR, AND COASTAL FACILITY SECURITY. 
(a) T RANSFER OF PROVISIONS .—So much of section 7 of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1226) as precedes subsection (c) of that section is redesignated as section 70102a of title 46, United States Code, and transferred so as to appear after section 70102 of that title. (b) D
EFINITIONS , ADMINISTRATION , AND EN-
FORCEMENT .—Section 70102a of title 46, United States Code, as amended by para-graph (1) of this subsection, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS , ADMINISTRATION , ANDEN-
FORCEMENT .—This section shall be treated as part of chapter 700 for purposes of sections 70031, 70032, 70034, 70035, and 70036.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 701 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 70102 the following: ‘‘70102a. Port, harbor, and coastal facility se-curity.’’. (d) N
ONDISCLOSURE OF PORT SECURITY  P
LANS .—Subsection (c) of section 7 of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1226), as so designated before the application of subsection (b)(1) of this section— (1) is redesignated as subsection (f) of sec-tion 70103 of title 46, United States Code, and transferred so as to appear after subsection (e) of such section; and (2) is amended by striking ‘‘this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘this chapter’’. TITLE V—MARITIME TRANSPORTATION SAFETY SEC. 501. CONSISTENCY IN MARINE INSPEC-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3305 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d)(1) The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall ensure that Officers in Charge, Marine Inspections consistently interpret regulations and standards under this subtitle and chapter 700 to avoid disruption and undue expense to industry. ‘‘(2)(A) Subject to subparagraph (B), in the event of a disagreement regarding the condi-tion of a vessel or the interpretation of a regulation or standard referred to in sub-section (a) between a local Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection conducting an inspection of the vessel and the Officer in Charge, Ma-rine Inspection that issued the most recent certificate of inspection for the vessel, such Officers shall seek to resolve such disagree-ment. ‘‘(B) If a disagreement described in sub-paragraph (A) involves vessel design or plan review, the Coast Guard marine safety cen-ter shall be included in all efforts to resolve such disagreement. ‘‘(C) If a disagreement described in sub-paragraph (A) or (B) cannot be resolved, the local Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection shall submit to the Commandant of the Coast Guard, through the cognizant Coast Guard district commander, a request for a final agency determination of the matter in disagreement. ‘‘(3) The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall— ‘‘(A) provide to each person affected by a decision or action by an Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection or by the Coast Guard ma-rine safety center all information necessary for such person to exercise any right to ap-peal such decision or action; and ‘‘(B) if such an appeal is filed, process such appeal under parts 1 through 4 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017. ‘‘(4) In this section, the term ‘Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection’ means any per-son from the civilian or military branch of the Coast Guard who— ‘‘(A) is designated as such by the Com-mandant; and ‘‘(B) under the superintendence and direc-tion of the cognizant Coast Guard district commander, is in charge of an inspection zone for the performance of duties with re-spect to the inspections under, and enforce-ment and administration of, subtitle II, chapter 700, and regulations under such laws.’’. (b) R
EPORT ON MARINE INSPECTOR TRAIN-
ING.—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the training, experience, and qualifications re-quired for assignment as a marine inspector under section 312 of title 14, United States Code, including— (1) a description of any continuing edu-cation requirement, including a specific list of the required courses; (2) a description of the training, including a specific list of the included courses, offered to a journeyman or an advanced journeyman marine inspector to advance inspection ex-pertise; (3) a description of any training that was offered in the 15-year period before the date of the enactment of this Act, but is no longer required or offered, including a specific list of the included courses, including the senior marine inspector course and any plan review courses; (4) a justification for why a course de-scribed in paragraph (3) is no longer required or offered; and (5) a list of the course content the Com-mandant considers necessary to promote consistency among marine inspectors in an environment of increasingly complex vessels and vessel systems. SEC. 502. UNINSPECTED PASSENGER VESSELS IN ST. LOUIS COUNTY, MINNESOTA. 
Section 4105 of title 46, United States Code, amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) In applying this title with respect to an uninspected vessel of less than 25 feet overall in length that carries passengers on Crane Lake or waters contiguous to such lake in St. Louis County, Minnesota, the Secretary shall substitute ‘12 passengers’ for ‘6 passengers’ each place it appears in sec-tion 2101(42).’’. 
SEC. 503. ENGINE CUT-OFF SWITCH REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 43 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 4312. Engine cut-off switches ‘‘(a) I
NSTALLATION REQUIREMENT .—A manu- facturer, distributor, or dealer that installs propulsion machinery and associated start-ing controls on a covered recreational vessel shall equip such vessel with an engine cut-off switch and engine cut-off switch link that meet American Boat and Yacht Council Standard A-33, as in effect on the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017. ‘‘(b) E
DUCATION ON CUT-OFFSWITCHES .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard, through the National Boating Safety Advisory Com-mittee established under section 15105, may initiate a boating safety program on the use and benefits of cut-off switches for rec-reational vessels. ‘‘(c) A
VAILABILITY OF STANDARD FOR IN-
SPECTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, the Commandant shall transmit Amer-ican Boat and Yacht Council Standard A–33, as in effect on the date of enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017, to— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives; ‘‘(B) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and ‘‘(C) the Coast Guard Office of Design and Engineering Standards; and ‘‘(D) the National Archives and Records Administration. ‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY .—The standard sub-mitted under paragraph (1) shall be kept on file and available for public inspection at such Coast Guard office and the National Ar-chives and Records Administration. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
OVERED RECREATIONAL VESSEL .—The term ‘covered recreational vessel’ means a recreational vessel that is— ‘‘(A) less than 26 feet overall in length; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2165 April 16, 2018 
‘‘(B) capable of developing 115 pounds or more of static thrust. ‘‘(2) D
EALER .—The term ‘dealer’ means any person who is engaged in the sale and dis-tribution of recreational vessels or associ-ated equipment to purchasers whom the sell-er in good faith believes to be purchasing any such vessel or associated equipment for purposes other than resale. ‘‘(3) D
ISTRIBUTOR .—The term ‘distributor’ means any person engaged in the sale and distribution of recreational vessels and asso-ciated equipment for the purposes of resale. ‘‘(4) M
ANUFACTURER .—The term ‘equipment manufacturer’ means any person engaged in the manufacture, construction, or assembly of recreational vessels or associated equip-ment, or the importation of recreational ves-sels into the United States for subsequent sale. ‘‘(5) P
ROPULSION MACHINERY .—The term ‘propulsion machinery’ means a self-con-tained propulsion system, and includes, but is not limited to, inboard engines, outboard motors, and sterndrive engines. ‘‘(6) S
TATIC THRUST .—The term ‘static thrust’ means the forward or backwards thrust developed by propulsion machinery while stationary.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘4312. Engine cut-off switches.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Section 4312 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by this section, shall take effect one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 504. EXCEPTION FROM SURVIVAL CRAFT RE-QUIREMENTS. 
Section 4502(b) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘a sur-vival craft’’ and inserting ‘‘subject to para-graph (3), a survival craft’’; (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) Except for a nonapplicable vessel, an auxiliary craft shall satisfy the equipment requirement under paragraph (2)(B) if such craft is— ‘‘(A) necessary for normal fishing oper-ations; ‘‘(B) readily accessible during an emer-gency; and ‘‘(C) capable, in accordance with the Coast Guard capacity rating, when applicable, of safely holding all individuals on board the vessel to which the craft functions as an aux-iliary.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) For the purposes of this section, the term ‘auxiliary craft’ means a vessel that is carried onboard a fishing vessel and is nor-mally used to support fishing operations.’’. 
SEC. 505. SAFETY STANDARDS. 
Section 4502(f) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraphs (2) and (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) shall examine at dockside a vessel de-scribed in subsection (b) at least once every 5 years, but may require an exam at dockside every 2 years for certain vessels described in subsection (b) if requested by the owner or operator; and ‘‘(3) shall issue a certificate of compliance to a vessel meeting the requirements of this chapter and satisfying the requirements in paragraph (2).’’. 
SEC. 506. FISHING SAFETY GRANTS. 
Section 4502 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsections (i) and (j), by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices’’; (2) in subsection (i)(2), as amended by para-graph (1), by inserting ‘‘, in consultation with and based on criteria established by the Commandant of the Coast Guard’’ after ‘‘Health and Human Services’’; (3) in subsection (i)(3), by striking ‘‘75’’ and inserting ‘‘50’’; (4) in subsection (i)(4), by striking ‘‘$3,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘$3,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2019’’; (5) in subsection (j)(2), as amended by para-graph (1), by inserting ‘‘, in consultation with and based on criteria established by the Commandant of the Coast Guard,’’ after ‘‘Health and Human Services’’; (6) in subsection (j)(3), by striking ‘‘75’’ and inserting ‘‘50’’; and (7) in subsection (j)(4), by striking ‘‘$3,000,000 for each fiscal years 2015 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘$3,000,000 for each of fis-cal years 2018 through 2019’’. SEC. 507. FISHING, FISH TENDER, AND FISH PROCESSING VESSEL CERTIFI-CATION. 
(a) N ONAPPLICATION .—Section 4503(c)(2)(A) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘79’’ and inserting ‘‘180’’. (b) D
ETERMINING WHENKEELISLAID.—Sec- tion 4503(f) of title 46, United States Code, as redesignated by section 508 of this Act, is further amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f)(1) For purposes of this section and sec-tion 4503a, the term ‘built’ means, with re-spect to a vessel, that the vessel’s construc-tion has reached any of the following stages: ‘‘(A) The vessel’s keel is laid. ‘‘(B) Construction identifiable with the vessel has begun and assembly of that vessel has commenced comprising of at least 50 metric tons or one percent of the estimated mass of all structural material, whichever is less. ‘‘(2) In the case of a vessel greater than 79 feet overall in length, for purposes of para-graph (1)(A) a keel is deemed to be laid when a marine surveyor affirms that a structure adequate for serving as a keel for such vessel is in place and identified for use in the con-struction of such vessel.’’. 
SEC. 508. DEADLINE FOR COMPLIANCE WITH AL-TERNATE SAFETY COMPLIANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4503(d) of title 46, United States Code, is redesignated as sec-tion 4503a and transferred to appear after section 4503 of such title. (b) F
ISHING , FISHTENDER , AND FISHPROC-
ESSING VESSEL CERTIFICATION .—Section 4503 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (e), (f), and (g) as subsections (d), (e), and (f), respec-tively; (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘sub-section (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4503a’’; (3) in subsection (c)(2)(B)(ii)(I), by striking ‘‘subsection (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)’’; (4) in subsection (c)(2)(B)(ii)(II), by striking ‘‘subsection (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (e)’’; (5) in subsection (e)(1), as amended by para-graph (1) of this subsection, by striking ‘‘subsection (e)’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘subsection (d)’’; and (6) in subsection (e)(2), as amended by para-graph (1) of this subsection, by striking ‘‘subsection (e)’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘subsection (d)’’; (c) A
LTERNATE SAFETY COMPLIANCE PRO-
GRAM .—Section 4503a of title 46, United States Code, as redesignated and transferred by subsection (a) of this section, is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4), and (5) as subsections (a), (b), (c), (d), and (e), respectively; (2) by inserting before subsection (a), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘§ 4503a. Alternate safety compliance pro-gram’’; (3) in subsection (a), as redesignated by paragraph (1) of this subsection, by striking ‘‘After January 1, 2020,’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the Secretary, if’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subsection (c), beginning on the date that is 3 years after the date that the Secretary prescribes an alternate safety compliance program, a fishing vessel, fish processing vessel, or fish tender vessel to which section 4502(b) of this title applies shall comply with such an alternate safety compliance program, if’’; (4) in subsection (a), as so redesignated, by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) as paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), respectively; (5) in subsection (b), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘establishes standards for an alter-nate safety compliance program, shall com-ply with such an alternative safety compli-ance program that is developed in coopera-tion with the commercial fishing industry and prescribed by the Secretary’’ and insert-ing ‘‘prescribes an alternate safety compli-ance program under subsection (a), shall comply with such an alternate safety com-pliance program’’; (6) by amending subsection (c), as so redes-ignated, to read as follows: ‘‘(c) For purposes of subsection (a), a sepa-rate alternate safety compliance program may be developed for a specific region or spe-cific fishery.’’; (7) in subsection (d), as so redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subsection (a)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘that paragraph’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘that sub-section’’; (8) in subsection (e), as so redesignated, by— (A) inserting ‘‘is not eligible to participate in an alternative safety compliance program prescribed under subsection (a) and’’ after ‘‘July 1, 2012’’; and (B) redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively; (9) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) For the purposes of this section, the term ‘built’ has the meaning given that term in section 4503(f).’’. (d) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 45 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4503 the following ‘‘4503a. Alternate safety compliance pro-gram.’’. (e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 3104 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 4503(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 4503(d)’’. (f) F
INAL RULE.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall issue a final rule implementing the requirements enumer-ated in section 4503(d) of title 46, as amended by subsection (b)(1) of this section. (g) A
LTERNATE SAFETY COMPLIANCE PRO-
GRAM STATUS REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 2019, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the status of the develop-ment of the alternate safety compliance pro-gram directed by section 4503a of title 46, United States Code, as redesignated by sub-section (c). (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include discussion of— (A) steps taken in the rulemaking process to establish the alternate safety compliance program; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2166 April 16, 2018 
(B) communication and collaboration be-tween the Coast Guard, the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, and the commercial fishing vessel industry regarding the development of the alternate safety com-pliance program; (C) consideration given to developing alter-nate safety compliance programs for specific regions and fisheries, as authorized in sec-tion 4503a(c) of such title, as redesignated by subsection (c); (D) any identified legislative changes nec-essary to implement an effective alternate safety compliance program; and (E) the timeline and planned actions that will be taken to implement regulations nec-essary to fully establish an alternate safety compliance program before January 1, 2020. 
SEC. 509. TERMINATION OF UNSAFE OPER-ATIONS; TECHNICAL CORRECTION. 
Section 4505(2) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘4503(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘4503(a)(2)’’; and (2) by inserting before the period the fol-lowing: ‘‘, except that this paragraph shall not apply with respect to a vessel to which section 4503a applies’’. 
SEC. 510. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS: LICENSES, CERTIFICATES OF REGISTRY, AND MERCHANT MARINER DOCUMENTS. 
Title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 7106(b), by striking ‘‘mer-chant mariner’s document,’’ and inserting ‘‘license,’’; (2) in section 7107(b), by striking ‘‘mer-chant mariner’s document,’’ and inserting ‘‘certificate of registry,’’; (3) in section 7507(b)(1), by striking ‘‘li-censes or certificates of registry’’ and insert-ing ‘‘merchant mariner documents’’; and (4) in section 7507(b)(2) by striking ‘‘mer-chant mariner’s document.’’ and inserting ‘‘license or certificate of registry.’’. 
SEC. 511. ABANDONED SEAFARERS FUND AMEND-MENTS. 
Section 11113 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘may be appropriated to the Secretary’’ and in-serting ‘‘shall be available to the Secretary without further appropriation, and shall re-main available until expended,’’; (2) in subsection (a)(4)(A), by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (3)’’; and (3) in subsection (c)(2)(B)— (A) by striking ‘‘section 2(9)(a)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 2(a)(9)(a)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘33 U.S.C. 1901(9)(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘33 U.S.C. 1901(a)(9)(a)’’. 
SEC. 512. CLARIFICATION OF LOGBOOK ENTRIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 11304 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘an offi-cial logbook, which’’ and inserting ‘‘a log-book, which may be in any form, including electronic, and’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by amending para-graph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) Each illness of, and injury to, a sea-man of the vessel, the nature of the illness or injury, and the medical treatment provided for the injury or illness.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 11304(b) is amended by striking ‘‘log book’’ and inserting ‘‘logbook’’. 
SEC. 513. CERTIFICATES OF DOCUMENTATION FOR RECREATIONAL VESSELS. 
Section 12105 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) E
FFECTIVE PERIOD .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3), a certificate of docu-mentation issued under this part is valid for a 1-year period and may be renewed for addi-tional 1-year periods. ‘‘(2) RECREATIONAL VESSELS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A certificate of docu-mentation for a recreational vessel and the renewal of such a certificate shall be effec-tive for a 5-year period. ‘‘(B) P
HASE -IN PERIOD .—During the period beginning January 1, 2019, and ending De-cember 31, 2021, the owner or operator of a recreational vessel may choose a period of effectiveness of between 1 and 5 years for such a certificate of documentation for such vessel or the renewal thereof. ‘‘(C) F
EES.— ‘‘(i) R
EQUIREMENT .—The Secretary shall as-sess and collect a fee— ‘‘(I) for the issuance of a certificate of doc-umentation for a recreational vessel that is equivalent to the fee established for the issuance of a certificate of documentation under section 2110; and ‘‘(II) for the renewal of a certificate of doc-umentation for a recreational vessel that is equivalent to the number of years of effec-tiveness of the certificate of documentation multiplied by the fee established for the re-newal of a certificate of documentation under section 2110. ‘‘(ii) T
REATMENT .—Fees collected under this subsection— ‘‘(I) shall be credited to the account from which the costs of such issuance or renewal were paid; and ‘‘(II) may remain available until expended. ‘‘(3) N
OTICE OF CHANGE IN INFORMATION .— ‘‘(A) R
EQUIREMENT .—The owner of a vessel shall notify the Coast Guard of each change in the information on which the issuance of the certificate of documentation for the ves-sel is based that occurs before the expiration of the certificate under this subsection, by not later than 30 days after such change. ‘‘(B) T
ERMINATION OF CERTIFICATE .—The certificate of documentation for a vessel shall terminate upon the expiration of such 30-day period if the owner has not notified the Coast Guard of such change before the end of such period. ‘‘(4) S
TATE AND LOCAL AUTHORITY TO RE -
MOVE ABANDONED AND DERELICT VESSELS .— Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit the authority of a State or local au-thority from taking action to remove an abandoned or derelict vessel.’’. 
SEC. 514. NUMBERING FOR UNDOCUMENTED BARGES. 
Section 12301(b) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘shall’’ and inserting ‘‘may’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘of’’ after ‘‘barge’’. 
SEC. 515. BACKUP GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘National Timing Resilience and Security Act of 2018’’. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Chapter 3 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 312. Alternative timing system ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations and not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of the National Timing Resilience and Security Act of 2018, the Secretary shall establish a land-based, resilient, and reliable alternative timing system— ‘‘(1) to reduce critical dependencies on, and provide a complement to and backup for, the timing component of the Global Positioning System; and ‘‘(2) to ensure the availability of uncorrupted and non-degraded timing signals for military and civilian users in the event that GPS timing signals are corrupted, de-graded, unreliable, or otherwise unavailable. ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT OF REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the National Timing Resilience and Security Act of 2018, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the procurement of a land-based com-plement to and backup for the timing com-ponent of GPS. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall consider the following requirements for the system, to the degree practicable: ‘‘(A) Be wireless. ‘‘(B) Be terrestrial. ‘‘(C) Provide wide-area coverage. ‘‘(D) Be synchronized with coordinated uni-versal time. ‘‘(E) Be resilient and extremely difficult to disrupt or degrade. ‘‘(F) Be able to penetrate underground and inside buildings. ‘‘(G) Be capable of deployment to remote locations. ‘‘(H) Incorporate the expertise of the pri-vate sector with respect to development, building, and installation. ‘‘(I) Be interoperable with and complement other similar positioning, navigation, and timing systems, including enhanced long- range navigation systems and Nationwide Differential GPS systems. ‘‘(J) Be available for use by Federal and non-Federal government agencies for public purposes at no cost. ‘‘(K) Be capable of adaptation and expan-sion to provide position and navigation capa-bilities. ‘‘(L) Incorporate the recommendations and next actions from any GPS back-up capa-bility demonstration program initiated and completed by the Secretary, in coordination with other Federal agencies. ‘‘(M) Incorporate such other requirements determined necessary by the Secretary. ‘‘(c) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the National Timing Resilience and Security Act of 2018, the Secretary shall provide to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a plan to im-plement the establishment of the system au-thorized by subsection (a). Such plan shall describe the work necessary to provide a fol-low-on complementary and backup posi-tioning and navigation capability. ‘‘(d) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall transfer, without reimbursement, to the Secretary to carry out this section the following: ‘‘(A) Notwithstanding section 914 of title 14, or any other provision of law, such infra-structure comprising the Long-Range Navi-gation (LORAN) system, including any real and personal property under the administra-tive control of the Coast Guard and used for the LORAN system, as the Secretary deter-mines necessary for the purposes described in subsection (a). ‘‘(B) Any funds specifically appropriated or made available for the purposes described in subsection (a), and such funds shall remain available until expended, without fiscal year limitation. ‘‘(2) L
IABILITIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES .— ‘‘(A) Nothing in this subsection may be construed to limit the application of or oth-erwise affect section 120(h) of the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)). ‘‘(B) The Secretary shall assume all envi-ronmental compliance and restoration re-sponsibilities and liabilities associated with real property transferred under paragraph (1)(A). ‘‘(e) A
GREEMENT .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2167 April 16, 2018 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Federal agencies may not make commitments under this section (including cooperative agreements (as that term is defined under section 6305 of title 31), leases, service contracts, or any other type of commitment) unless funds are specifically provided for such purposes in advance in sub-sequent appropriations Acts, and only to the extent that the full extent of anticipated costs stemming from such commitments is recorded as an obligation up front and in full at the time it is made. ‘‘(2) C
OMPETITION REQUIRED .—The Sec-retary shall use competitive procedures similar to those authorized under section 2667 of title 10 in selecting an entity to enter into an agreement to fulfill the purpose or this section. ‘‘(3) D
ETERMINATION .—Prior to entering into any agreement under this subsection, the Secretary must determine that the use of such agreement is in the best financial in-terest of the Federal Government. ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) E
NTITY .—The term ‘entity’ means a non-Federal entity with the demonstrated technical expertise and requisite administra-tive and financial resources to meet any such terms and conditions as may be estab-lished by the Secretary. ‘‘(2) GPS.—The term ‘GPS’ means the Global Positioning System. ‘‘(3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Transportation.’’. (c) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for chapter 3 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘312. Alternative timing system.’’. 
SEC. 516. SCIENTIFIC PERSONNEL. 
Section 2101(31) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(A) Subject to subpara-graph (B),’’ before the text; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B)(i) Such term includes an individual who is on board an oceanographic research vessel only to— ‘‘(I) engage in scientific research; ‘‘(II) instruct in oceanography or lim-nology; or ‘‘(III) receive instruction in oceanography or limnology. ‘‘(ii) For purposes of clause (i), the age of an individual may not be considered in deter-mining whether the individual is described in such clause.’’. 
SEC. 517. TRANSPARENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall publish any letter of de-termination issued by the Coast Guard Na-tional Vessel Documentation Center after the date of the enactment of this Act on the National Vessel Documentation Center website not later than 30 days after the date of issuance of such letter of determination. (b) A
UDIT.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an audit, the results of which shall be made publicly available, of— (A) the method or process by which the Coast Guard National Vessel Documentation Center develops policy for and documents compliance with the requirements of section 67.97 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, for the purpose of issuing endorsements under section 12112 and 12113 of title 46, United States Code; (B) the coordination between the Coast Guard and U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion with respect to the enforcement of such requirements; and (C) the extent to which the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating and the Secretary of Transpor-tation, through the Maritime Administra-tion, have published and disseminated infor-mation to promote compliance with applica-ble vessel construction requirements. (2) REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the audit under paragraph (1) is complete, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report regarding the re-sults of and recommendations made pursu-ant to such audit. (c) O
UTLINE .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the submission of the Comp-troller General of the United States report required under subsection (b), the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives an outline of plans— (1) to enhance the transparency of the doc-umentation process, and communications with the maritime industry regarding such process over the next 5 years; and (2) to implement the recommendations made by the Comptroller General of the United States in the report required under subsection (b)(2). TITLE VI—ADVISORY COMMITTEES 
SEC. 601. NATIONAL MARITIME TRANSPOR-TATION ADVISORY COMMITTEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle II of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘PART XI—NATIONAL MARITIME TRANS-PORTATION ADVISORY COMMITTEES ‘‘CHAPTER 151—NATIONAL MARITIME TRANSPORTATION ADVISORY COMMIT-TEES ‘‘Sec. ‘‘15101. National Chemical Transportation Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘15102. National Commercial Fishing Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘15103. National Merchant Marine Personnel Advisory Committee. ‘‘15104. National Merchant Mariner Medical Advisory Committee. ‘‘15105. National Boating Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘15106. National Offshore Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘15107. National Navigation Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘15108. National Towing Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘15109. Administration. ‘‘§ 15101. National Chemical Transportation Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Chemical Transportation Safety Advisory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall ad-vise the Secretary on matters relating to the safe and secure marine transportation of hazardous materials. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of not more than 25 members ap-pointed by the Secretary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Each member of the Committee shall represent 1 of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) Chemical manufacturing entities. ‘‘(B) Entities related to marine handling or transportation of chemicals. ‘‘(C) Vessel design and construction enti-ties. ‘‘(D) Marine safety or security entities. ‘‘(E) Marine environmental protection en-tities. ‘‘(4) DISTRIBUTION .—The Secretary shall, based on the needs of the Coast Guard, deter-mine the number of members of the Com-mittee who represent each entity specified in paragraph (3). Neither this paragraph nor any other provision of law shall be construed to require an equal distribution of members representing each entity specified in para-graph (3). ‘‘§ 15102. National Commercial Fishing Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Commercial Fishing Safety Advi-sory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall— ‘‘(1) advise the Secretary on matters relat-ing to the safe operation of vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies, including the matters of— ‘‘(A) navigation safety; ‘‘(B) safety equipment and procedures; ‘‘(C) marine insurance; ‘‘(D) vessel design, construction, mainte-nance, and operation; and ‘‘(E) personnel qualifications and training; and ‘‘(2) review regulations proposed under chapter 45 of this title (during preparation of the regulations). ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 18 members appointed by the Sec-retary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Members of the Committee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 10 members shall represent the com-mercial fishing industry and— ‘‘(i) as a group, shall together reflect a re-gional and representational balance; and ‘‘(ii) as individuals, shall each have experi-ence— ‘‘(I) in the operation of vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies; or ‘‘(II) as a crew member or processing line worker on a fish processing vessel. ‘‘(B) 1 member shall represent naval archi-tects and marine engineers. ‘‘(C) 1 member shall represent manufactur-ers of equipment for vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies. ‘‘(D) 1 member shall represent education and training professionals related to fishing vessel, fish processing vessel, and fish tender vessel safety and personnel qualifications. ‘‘(E) 1 member shall represent underwriters that insure vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies. ‘‘(F) 1 member shall represent owners of vessels to which chapter 45 of this title ap-plies. ‘‘(G) 3 members shall represent the general public and, to the extent possible, shall in-clude— ‘‘(i) an independent expert or consultant in maritime safety; ‘‘(ii) a marine surveyor who provides serv-ices to vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies; and ‘‘(iii) a person familiar with issues affect-ing fishing communities and the families of fishermen. ‘‘§ 15103. National Merchant Marine Per-sonnel Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Merchant Marine Personnel Advi-sory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall ad-vise the Secretary on matters relating to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2168 April 16, 2018 
personnel in the United States merchant ma-rine, including the training, qualifications, certification, documentation, and fitness of mariners. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 19 members appointed by the Sec-retary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Members of the Committee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 9 members shall represent mariners and, of the 9— ‘‘(i) each shall— ‘‘(I) be a citizen of the United States; and ‘‘(II) hold an active license or certificate issued under chapter 71 of this title or a mer-chant mariner document issued under chap-ter 73 of this title; ‘‘(ii) 3 shall be deck officers who represent merchant marine deck officers and, of the 3— ‘‘(I) 2 shall be licensed for oceans any gross tons; ‘‘(II) 1 shall be licensed for inland river route with a limited or unlimited tonnage; ‘‘(III) 2 shall have a master’s license or a master of towing vessels license; ‘‘(IV) 1 shall have significant tanker expe-rience; and ‘‘(V) to the extent practicable— ‘‘(aa) 1 shall represent labor; and ‘‘(bb) 1 shall represent management; ‘‘(iii) 3 shall be engineering officers who represent merchant marine engineering offi-cers and, of the 3— ‘‘(I) 2 shall be licensed as chief engineer any horsepower; ‘‘(II) 1 shall be licensed as either a limited chief engineer or a designated duty engineer; and ‘‘(III) to the extent practicable— ‘‘(aa) 1 shall represent labor; and ‘‘(bb) 1 shall represent management; ‘‘(iv) 2 shall be unlicensed seamen who rep-resent merchant marine unlicensed seaman and, of the 2— ‘‘(I) 1 shall represent able-bodied seamen; and ‘‘(II) 1 shall represent qualified members of the engine department; and ‘‘(v) 1 shall be a pilot who represents mer-chant marine pilots. ‘‘(B) 6 members shall represent marine edu-cators and, of the 6— ‘‘(i) 3 shall be marine educators who rep-resent maritime academies and, of the 3— ‘‘(I) 2 shall represent State maritime acad-emies (and are jointly recommended by such academies); and ‘‘(II) 1 shall represent either State mari-time academies or the United States Mer-chant Marine Academy; and ‘‘(ii) 3 shall be marine educators who rep-resent other maritime training institutions and, of the 3, 1 shall represent the small ves-sel industry. ‘‘(C) 2 members shall represent shipping companies employed in ship operation man-agement. ‘‘(D) 2 members shall represent the general public. ‘‘§ 15104. National Merchant Mariner Medical Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Merchant Mariner Medical Advi-sory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall ad-vise the Secretary on matters relating to— ‘‘(1) medical certification determinations for the issuance of licenses, certification of registry, and merchant mariners’ documents with respect to merchant mariners; ‘‘(2) medical standards and guidelines for the physical qualifications of operators of commercial vessels; ‘‘(3) medical examiner education; and ‘‘(4) medical research. ‘‘(c) MEMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 14 members appointed by the Sec-retary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Members of the Committee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 9 shall represent health-care profes-sionals and have particular expertise, knowl-edge, and experience regarding the medical examinations of merchant mariners or occu-pational medicine. ‘‘(B) 5 shall represent professional mari-ners and have particular expertise, knowl-edge, and experience in occupational require-ments for mariners. ‘‘§ 15105. National Boating Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Boating Safety Advisory Com-mittee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall ad-vise the Secretary on matters relating to na-tional boating safety. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 21 members appointed by the Sec-retary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Members of the Committee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 7 members shall represent State offi-cials responsible for State boating safety programs. ‘‘(B) 7 members shall represent rec-reational vessel and associated equipment manufacturers. ‘‘(C) 7 members shall represent the general public or national recreational boating orga-nizations and, of the 7, at least 5 shall rep-resent national recreational boating organi-zations. ‘‘§ 15106. National Offshore Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Offshore Safety Advisory Com-mittee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall ad-vise the Secretary on matters relating to ac-tivities directly involved with, or in support of, the exploration of offshore mineral and energy resources, to the extent that such matters are within the jurisdiction of the Coast Guard. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 15 members appointed by the Sec-retary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Members of the Committee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 2 members shall represent entities en-gaged in the production of petroleum. ‘‘(B) 2 members shall represent entities en-gaged in offshore drilling. ‘‘(C) 2 members shall represent entities en-gaged in the support, by offshore supply ves-sels or other vessels, of offshore mineral and oil operations, including geophysical serv-ices. ‘‘(D) 1 member shall represent entities en-gaged in the construction of offshore explo-ration and recovery facilities. ‘‘(E) 1 member shall represent entities en-gaged in diving services related to offshore construction, inspection, and maintenance. ‘‘(F) 1 member shall represent entities en-gaged in safety and training services related to offshore exploration and construction. ‘‘(G) 1 member shall represent entities en-gaged in pipelaying services related to off-shore construction. ‘‘(H) 2 members shall represent individuals employed in offshore operations and, of the 2, 1 shall have recent practical experience on a vessel or offshore unit involved in the off-shore mineral and energy industry. ‘‘(I) 1 member shall represent national en-vironmental entities. ‘‘(J) 1 member shall represent deepwater ports. ‘‘(K) 1 member shall represent the general public (but not a specific environmental group). ‘‘§ 15107. National Navigation Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Navigation Safety Advisory Com-mittee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall ad-vise the Secretary on matters relating to maritime collisions, rammings, and groundings, Inland Rules of the Road, Inter-national Rules of the Road, navigation regu-lations and equipment, routing measures, marine information, and aids to navigation systems. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of not more than 21 members ap-pointed by the Secretary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—Each member of the Committee shall represent 1 of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) Commercial vessel owners or opera-tors. ‘‘(B) Professional mariners. ‘‘(C) Recreational boaters. ‘‘(D) The recreational boating industry. ‘‘(E) State agencies responsible for vessel or port safety. ‘‘(F) The Maritime Law Association. ‘‘(4) D
ISTRIBUTION .—The Secretary shall, based on the needs of the Coast Guard, deter-mine the number of members of the Com-mittee who represent each entity specified in paragraph (3). Neither this paragraph nor any other provision of law shall be construed to require an equal distribution of members representing each entity specified in para-graph (3). ‘‘§ 15108. National Towing Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Towing Safety Advisory Com-mittee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall ad-vise the Secretary on matters relating to shallow-draft inland navigation, coastal wa-terway navigation, and towing safety. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 18 members appointed by the Sec-retary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2169 April 16, 2018 
‘‘(3) R EPRESENTATION .—Members of the Committee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 7 members shall represent the barge and towing industry, reflecting a regional geographic balance. ‘‘(B) 1 member shall represent the offshore mineral and oil supply vessel industry. ‘‘(C) 1 member shall represent masters and pilots of towing vessels who hold active li-censes and have experience on the Western Rivers and the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway. ‘‘(D) 1 member shall represent masters of towing vessels in offshore service who hold active licenses. ‘‘(E) 1 member shall represent masters of active ship-docking or harbor towing vessels. ‘‘(F) 1 member shall represent licensed and unlicensed towing vessel engineers with for-mal training and experience. ‘‘(G) 2 members shall represent port dis-tricts, authorities, or terminal operators. ‘‘(H) 2 members shall represent shippers and, of the 2, 1 shall be engaged in the ship-ment of oil or hazardous materials by barge. ‘‘(I) 2 members shall represent the general public. ‘‘§ 15109. Administration ‘‘(a) M
EETINGS .—Each committee estab-lished under this chapter shall, at least once each year, meet at the call of the Secretary or a majority of the members of the com-mittee. ‘‘(b) E
MPLOYEE STATUS .—A member of a committee established under this chapter shall not be considered an employee of the Federal Government by reason of service on such committee, except for the purposes of the following: ‘‘(1) Chapter 81 of title 5. ‘‘(2) Chapter 171 of title 28 and any other Federal law relating to tort liability. ‘‘(c) C
OMPENSATION .—Notwithstanding sub-section (b), a member of a committee estab-lished under this chapter, when actually en-gaged in the performance of the duties of such committee, may— ‘‘(1) receive compensation at a rate estab-lished by the Secretary, not to exceed the maximum daily rate payable under section 5376 of title 5; or ‘‘(2) if not compensated in accordance with paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) be reimbursed for actual and reason-able expenses incurred in the performance of such duties; or ‘‘(B) be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, as authorized by section 5703 of title 5. ‘‘(d) A
CCEPTANCE OF VOLUNTEER SERV-
ICES.—A member of a committee established under this chapter may serve on such com-mittee on a voluntary basis without pay without regard to section 1342 of title 31 or any other law. ‘‘(e) S
TATUS OF MEMBERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), with respect to a member of a committee established under this chapter whom the Secretary appoints to represent an entity or group— ‘‘(A) the member is authorized to represent the interests of the applicable entity or group; and ‘‘(B) requirements under Federal law that would interfere with such representation and that apply to a special Government em-ployee (as defined in section 202(a) of title 18), including requirements relating to em-ployee conduct, political activities, ethics, conflicts of interest, and corruption, do not apply to the member. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding sub-section (b), a member of a committee estab-lished under this chapter shall be treated as a special Government employee for purposes of the committee service of the member if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary appointed the member to represent the general public; or ‘‘(B) the member, without regard to service on the committee, is a special Government employee. ‘‘(f) SERVICE ON COMMITTEE .— ‘‘(1) S
OLICITATION OF NOMINATIONS .—Before appointing an individual as a member of a committee established under this chapter, the Secretary shall publish, in the Federal Register, a timely notice soliciting nomina-tions for membership on such committee. ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—After considering nomi-nations received pursuant to a notice pub-lished under paragraph (1), the Secretary may, as necessary, appoint a member to the applicable committee established under this chapter. ‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION .—The Secretary shall not seek, consider, or otherwise use information concerning the political affiliation of a nominee in making an appointment to any committee established under this chapter. ‘‘(3) S
ERVICE AT PLEASURE OF THE SEC -
RETARY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each member of a com-mittee established under this chapter shall serve at the pleasure of the Secretary. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding sub-paragraph (A), a member of the committee established under section 15102 may only be removed prior to the end of the term of that member for just cause. ‘‘(4) S
ECURITY BACKGROUND EXAMINATIONS .— The Secretary may require an individual to have passed an appropriate security back-ground examination before appointment to a committee established under this chapter. ‘‘(5) P
ROHIBITION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), a Federal employee may not be appointed as a member of a com-mittee established under this chapter. ‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE FOR NATIONAL MERCHANT  
MARINE PERSONNEL ADVISORY COMMITTEE .— The Secretary may appoint a Federal em-ployee to serve as a member of the National Merchant Marine Personnel Advisory Com-mittee to represent the interests of the United States Merchant Marine Academy and, notwithstanding paragraphs (1) and (2), may do so without soliciting, receiving, or considering nominations for such appoint-ment. ‘‘(6) T
ERMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term of each mem-ber of a committee established under this chapter shall expire on December 31 of the third full year after the effective date of the appointment. ‘‘(B) C
ONTINUED SERVICE AFTER TERM .— When the term of a member of a committee established under this chapter ends, the member, for a period not to exceed 1 year, may continue to serve as a member until a successor is appointed. ‘‘(7) V
ACANCIES .—A vacancy on a com-mittee established under this chapter shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. ‘‘(8) S
PECIAL RULE FOR REAPPOINTMENTS .— Notwithstanding paragraphs (1) and (2), the Secretary may reappoint a member of a com-mittee established under this chapter for any term, other than the first term of the mem-ber, without soliciting, receiving, or consid-ering nominations for such appointment. ‘‘(g) S
TAFF SERVICES .—The Secretary shall furnish to each committee established under this chapter any staff and services consid-ered by the Secretary to be necessary for the conduct of the committee’s functions. ‘‘(h) C
HAIRMAN ; VICECHAIRMAN .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each committee estab-lished under this chapter shall elect a Chair-man and Vice Chairman from among the committee’s members. ‘‘(2) V
ICE CHAIRMAN ACTING AS CHAIRMAN .— The Vice Chairman shall act as Chairman in the absence or incapacity of, or in the event of a vacancy in the office of, the Chairman. ‘‘(i) SUBCOMMITTEES AND WORKING  G
ROUPS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chairman of a com-mittee established under this chapter may establish and disestablish subcommittees and working groups for any purpose con-sistent with the function of the committee. ‘‘(2) P
ARTICIPANTS .—Subject to conditions imposed by the Chairman, members of a committee established under this chapter and additional persons drawn from entities or groups designated by this chapter to be represented on the committee or the general public may be assigned to subcommittees and working groups established under para-graph (1). ‘‘(3) C
HAIR.—Only committee members may chair subcommittees and working groups es-tablished under paragraph (1). ‘‘(j) C
ONSULTATION , ADVICE , REPORTS , AND R
ECOMMENDATIONS .— ‘‘(1) C
ONSULTATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Before taking any sig-nificant action, the Secretary shall consult with, and consider the information, advice, and recommendations of, a committee estab-lished under this chapter if the function of the committee is to advise the Secretary on matters related to the significant action. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION .—For purposes of this para-graph, regulations proposed under chapter 45 of this title are significant actions. ‘‘(2) A
DVICE , REPORTS , AND RECOMMENDA -
TIONS .—Each committee established under this chapter shall submit, in writing, to the Secretary its advice, reports, and rec-ommendations, in a form and at a frequency determined appropriate by the committee. ‘‘(3) E
XPLANATION OF ACTIONS TAKEN .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the Secretary receives recommendations from a committee under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) publish the recommendations on a website accessible at no charge to the public; ‘‘(B) if the recommendations are from the committee established under section 15102, establish a mechanism for the submission of public comments on the recommendations; and ‘‘(C) respond, in writing, to the committee regarding the recommendations, including by providing an explanation of actions taken regarding the recommendations. ‘‘(4) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate the advice, reports, and recommendations re-ceived from committees under paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL SUBMISSION .—With respect to a committee established under section 70112 and to which this section applies, the Secretary shall submit the advice, reports, and recommendations received from the committee under paragraph (2) to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives in addition to the commit-tees specified in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(k) O
BSERVERS .—Any Federal agency with matters under such agency’s administrative jurisdiction related to the function of a com-mittee established under this chapter may designate a representative to— ‘‘(1) attend any meeting of such com-mittee; and ‘‘(2) participate as an observer at meetings of such committee that relate to such a mat-ter. ‘‘(l) T
ERMINATION .—Each committee estab-lished under this chapter shall terminate on September 30, 2027.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for subtitle II of title 46, United States Code, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2170 April 16, 2018 
is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to chapter 147 the following: ‘‘Part K–National Maritime Transportation Advisory Committees ‘‘151. National Maritime Transpor-tation Advisory Committees.........15101’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) C
OMMERCIAL FISHING SAFETY ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE .—Section 4508 of title 46, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 45 of that title, are repealed. (2) M
ERCHANT MARINER MEDICAL ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE .—Section 7115 of title 46, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 71 of that title, are repealed. (3) M
ERCHANT MARINE PERSONNEL ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE .— (A) R
EPEAL .—Section 8108 of title 46, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 81 of that title, are repealed. (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 7510(c)(1)(C) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘National’’ before ‘‘Merchant Marine’’. (4) N
ATIONAL BOATING SAFETY ADVISORY  
COUNCIL .— (A) R
EPEAL .—Section 13110 of title 46, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 131 of that title, are repealed. (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (i) R
EGULATIONS .—Section 4302(c)(4) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Council established under section 13110 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘Committee es-tablished under section 15105 of this title’’. (ii) R
EPAIR AND REPLACEMENT OF DE -
FECTS .—Section 4310(f) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Advi-sory Council’’ and inserting ‘‘Advisory Com-mittee’’. (5) N
AVIGATION SAFETY ADVISORY COUNCIL .— Section 5 of the Inland Navigational Rules Act of 1980 (33 U.S.C. 2073) is repealed. (6) T
OWING SAFETY ADVISORY COMMITTEE .— (A) R
EPEAL .—Public Law 96–380 (33 U.S.C. 1231a) is repealed. (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (i) R
EDUCTION OF OIL SPILLS FROM SINGLE  
HULL NON -SELF-PROPELLED TANK VESSELS .— Section 3719 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘National’’ before ‘‘Towing Safety’’. (ii) S
AFETY EQUIPMENT .—Section 4102(f)(1) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘National’’ before ‘‘Towing Safe-ty’’. (d) T
REATMENT OF EXISTING COUNCILS AND  C
OMMITTEES .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law— (1) an advisory council or committee sub-stantially similar to an advisory committee established under chapter 151 of title 46, United States Code, as added by this Act, and that was in force or in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this section, including a council or committee the author-ity for which was repealed under subsection (c), may remain in force or in effect for a pe-riod of 2 years from the date of enactment of this section, including that the charter, membership, and other aspects of the council or committee may remain in force or in ef-fect; and (2) during the 2-year period referenced in paragraph (1)— (A) requirements relating to the applicable advisory committee established under chap-ter 151 of title 46, United States Code, shall be treated as satisfied by the substantially similar advisory council or committee; and (B) the enactment of this section, includ-ing the amendments made in this section, shall not be the basis— (i) to deem, find, or declare such council or committee, including the charter, member-ship, and other aspects thereof, void, not in force, or not in effect; (ii) to suspend the activities of such coun-cil or committee; or (iii) to bar the members of such council or committee from meeting. SEC. 602. MARITIME SECURITY ADVISORY COM-MITTEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 70112 of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 70112. Maritime Security Advisory Commit-tees ‘‘(a) N
ATIONAL MARITIME SECURITY ADVI-
SORY COMMITTEE .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Maritime Security Advisory Com-mittee (in this subsection referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(2) F
UNCTION .—The Committee shall ad-vise the Secretary on matters relating to na-tional maritime security. ‘‘(3) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of at least 8 members, but not more than 21 members, appointed by the Secretary in accordance with this subsection and sec-tion 15109 of this title. ‘‘(B) E
XPERTISE .—Each member of the Committee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relat-ing to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(C) R
EPRESENTATION .—Each of the fol-lowing shall be represented by at least 1 member of the Committee: ‘‘(i) Port authorities. ‘‘(ii) Facilities owners and operators. ‘‘(iii) Terminal owners and operators. ‘‘(iv) Vessel owners and operators. ‘‘(v) Maritime labor organizations. ‘‘(vi) The academic community. ‘‘(vii) State and local governments. ‘‘(viii) The maritime industry. ‘‘(D) D
ISTRIBUTION .—If the Committee con-sists of at least 8 members who, together, satisfy the minimum representation require-ments of subparagraph (C), the Secretary shall, based on the needs of the Coast Guard, determine the number of additional members of the Committee who represent each entity specified in that subparagraph. Neither this subparagraph nor any other provision of law shall be construed to require an equal dis-tribution of members representing each enti-ty specified in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(4) A
DMINISTRATION .—For purposes of sec-tion 15109 of this title, the Committee shall be treated as a committee established under chapter 151 of such title. ‘‘(b) A
REA MARITIME SECURITY ADVISORY  C
OMMITTEES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary may— ‘‘(i) establish an Area Maritime Security Advisory Committee for any port area of the United States; and ‘‘(ii) request such a committee to review the proposed Area Maritime Transportation Security Plan developed under section 70103(b) and make recommendations to the Secretary that the committee considers ap-propriate. ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL FUNCTIONS AND MEET -
INGS.—A committee established under this subsection for an area— ‘‘(i) may advise, consult with, report to, and make recommendations to the Secretary on matters relating to maritime security in that area; ‘‘(ii) may make available to the Congress recommendations that the committee makes to the Secretary; and ‘‘(iii) shall meet at the call of— ‘‘(I) the Secretary, who shall call such a meeting at least once during each calendar year; or ‘‘(II) a majority of the committee. ‘‘(2) MEMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each committee estab-lished under this subsection shall consist of at least 7 members appointed by the Sec-retary, each of whom has at least 5 years practical experience in maritime security operations. ‘‘(B) T
ERMS .—The term of each member of a committee established under this sub-section shall be for a period of not more than 5 years, specified by the Secretary. ‘‘(C) N
OTICE .—Before appointing an indi-vidual to a position on a committee estab-lished under this subsection, the Secretary shall publish a notice in the Federal Register soliciting nominations for membership on the committee. ‘‘(D) B
ACKGROUND EXAMINATIONS .—The Sec- retary may require an individual to have passed an appropriate security background examination before appointment to a com-mittee established under this subsection. ‘‘(E) R
EPRESENTATION .—Each committee established under this subsection shall be composed of individuals who represent the interests of the port industry, terminal oper-ators, port labor organizations, and other users of the port areas. ‘‘(3) C
HAIRPERSON AND VICE CHAIRPERSON .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each committee estab-lished under this subsection shall elect 1 of the committee’s members as the Chairperson and 1 of the committee’s members as the Vice Chairperson. ‘‘(B) V
ICE CHAIRPERSON ACTING AS CHAIR -
PERSON .—The Vice Chairperson shall act as Chairperson in the absence or incapacity of the Chairperson, or in the event of a vacancy in the office of the Chairperson. ‘‘(4) O
BSERVERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, and the head of any other interested Federal agency may, designate a representative to participate as an observer with a committee established under this subsection. ‘‘(B) R
OLE.—The Secretary’s designated representative to a committee established under this subsection shall act as the execu-tive secretary of the committee and shall perform the duties set forth in section 10(c) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). ‘‘(5) C
ONSIDERATION OF VIEWS .—The Sec- retary shall consider the information, ad-vice, and recommendations of each com-mittee established under this subsection in formulating policy regarding matters affect-ing maritime security. ‘‘(6) C
OMPENSATION AND EXPENSES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A member of a com-mittee established under this subsection, when attending meetings of the committee or when otherwise engaged in the business of the committee, is entitled to receive— ‘‘(i) compensation at a rate fixed by the Secretary, not exceeding the daily equiva-lent of the current rate of basic pay in effect for GS–15 of the General Schedule under sec-tion 5332 of title 5 including travel time; and ‘‘(ii) travel or transportation expenses under section 5703 of title 5. ‘‘(B) S
TATUS .—A member of a committee established under this subsection shall not be considered to be an officer or employee of the United States for any purpose based on the receipt of any payment under this para-graph. ‘‘(7) FACA.—The Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) does not apply to a committee established under this sub-section.’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF EXISTING COMMITTEE .— Notwithstanding any other provision of law— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2171 April 16, 2018 
(1) an advisory committee substantially similar to the National Maritime Security Advisory Committee established under sec-tion 70112(a) of title 46, United States Code, as amended by this section, and that was in force or in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this section, may remain in force or in effect for a period of 2 years from the date of enactment of this section, includ-ing that the charter, membership, and other aspects of the committee may remain in force or in effect; and (2) during the 2-year period referenced in paragraph (1)— (A) requirements relating to the National Maritime Security Advisory Committee es-tablished under section 70112(a) of title 46, United States Code, as amended by this sec-tion, shall be treated as satisfied by the sub-stantially similar advisory committee; and (B) the enactment of this section, includ-ing the amendments made in this section, shall not be the basis— (i) to deem, find, or declare such com-mittee, including the charter, membership, and other aspects thereof, void, not in force, or not in effect; (ii) to suspend the activities of such com-mittee; or (iii) to bar the members of such committee from meeting. TITLE VII—FEDERAL MARITIME COMMISSION 
SEC. 701. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Maritime Commission Authorization Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 702. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 308 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$24,700,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘$28,012,310 for fiscal year 2018 and $28,544,543 for fiscal year 2019’’. 
SEC. 703. REPORTING ON IMPACT OF ALLIANCES ON COMPETITION. 
Section 306 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) an analysis of the impacts on competi-tion for the purchase of certain covered serv-ices by alliances of ocean common carriers acting pursuant to an agreement under this part between or among ocean common car-riers, including a summary of actions, in-cluding corrective actions, taken by the Commission to promote such competition.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) D
EFINITION OF CERTAIN COVERED SERV-
ICES.—In this section, the term ‘certain cov-ered services’ has the meaning given the term in section 40102.’’. 
SEC. 704. DEFINITION OF CERTAIN COVERED SERVICES. 
Section 40102 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (25) as paragraphs (6) through (26), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (4), the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) C
ERTAIN COVERED SERVICES .—For pur- poses of sections 41105 and 41307, the term ‘certain covered services’ means, with re-spect to a vessel— ‘‘(A) the berthing or bunkering of the ves-sel; ‘‘(B) the loading or unloading of cargo to or from the vessel to or from a point on a wharf or terminal; ‘‘(C) the positioning, removal, or replace-ment of buoys related to the movement of the vessel; and ‘‘(D) with respect to injunctive relief under section 41307, towing vessel services provided to such a vessel.’’. SEC. 705. REPORTS FILED WITH THE COMMIS-SION. 
Section 40104(a) of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Federal Maritime Commission may require a common carrier or marine terminal operator, or an officer, receiver, trustee, lessee, agent, or employee of the common carrier or marine terminal operator to file with the Commission a peri-odical or special report, an account, record, rate, or charge, or a memorandum of facts and transactions related to the business of the common carrier or marine terminal op-erator, as applicable. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Any report, account, record, rate, charge, or memorandum re-quired to be filed under paragraph (1) shall— ‘‘(A) be made under oath if the Commission requires; and ‘‘(B) be filed in the form and within the time prescribed by the Commission. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—The Commission shall— ‘‘(A) limit the scope of any filing ordered under this section to fulfill the objective of the order; and ‘‘(B) provide a reasonable period of time for respondents to respond based upon their capabilities and the scope of the order.’’. 
SEC. 706. PUBLIC PARTICIPATION. 
(a) N OTICE OF FILING .—Section 40304(a) of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) N
OTICE OF FILING .—Not later than 7 days after the date an agreement is filed, the Federal Maritime Commission shall— ‘‘(1) transmit a notice of the filing to the Federal Register for publication; and ‘‘(2) request interested persons to submit relevant information and documents.’’. (b) R
EQUEST FOR INFORMATION AND DOCU-
MENTS .—Section 40304(d) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘part’’. (c) S
AVING CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-tion, or the amendments made by this sec-tion, may be construed— (1) to prevent the Federal Maritime Com-mission from requesting from a person, at any time, any additional information or doc-uments the Commission considers necessary to carry out chapter 403 of title 46, United States Code; (2) to prescribe a specific deadline for the submission of relevant information and doc-uments in response to a request under sec-tion 40304(a)(2) of title 46, United States Code; or (3) to limit the authority of the Commis-sion to request information under section 40304(d) of title 46, United States Code. 
SEC. 707. OCEAN TRANSPORTATION INTER-MEDIARIES. 
(a) L ICENSE REQUIREMENT .—Section 40901(a) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘advertise, hold oneself out, or’’ after ‘‘may not’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—Section 40901 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) A
PPLICABILITY .—Subsection (a) and section 40902 do not apply to a person that performs ocean transportation intermediary services on behalf of an ocean transportation intermediary for which it is a disclosed agent.’’. (c) F
INANCIAL RESPONSIBILITY .—Section 40902(a) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘advertise, hold one-self out, or’’ after ‘‘may not’’. 
SEC. 708. COMMON CARRIERS. 
(a) Section 41104 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—’’ before ‘‘A common carrier’’; (2) in subsection (a), as designated— (A) by amending paragraph (11) to read as follows: ‘‘(11) knowingly and willfully accept cargo from or transport cargo for the account of a non-vessel-operating common carrier that does not have a tariff as required by section 40501 of this title, or an ocean transportation intermediary that does not have a bond, in-surance, or other surety as required by sec-tion 40902 of this title;’’; (B) in paragraph (12), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) continue to participate simulta-neously in a rate discussion agreement and an agreement to share vessels, in the same trade, if the interplay of the authorities ex-ercised by the specified agreements is likely, by a reduction in competition, to produce an unreasonable reduction in transportation service or an unreasonable increase in trans-portation cost.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, there is no private right of action to enforce the pro-hibition under subsection (a)(13). ‘‘(c) A
GREEMENT VIOLATION .—Participants in an agreement found by the Commission to violate subsection (a)(13) shall have 90 days from the date of such Commission finding to withdraw from the agreement as necessary to comply with that subsection.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION .—Section 41104(a)(13) of title 46, United States Code, as amended, shall apply to any agreement filed or with an effective date before, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 709. NEGOTIATIONS. 
(a) C ONCERTED ACTION .—Section 41105 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (8) as paragraphs (7) through (10), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) negotiate with a tug or towing vessel service provider on any matter relating to rates or services provided within the United States by those tugs or towing vessels; ‘‘(6) with respect to a vessel operated by an ocean common carrier within the United States, negotiate for the purchase of certain covered services, unless the negotiations and any resulting agreements are not in viola-tion of the antitrust laws and are consistent with the purposes of this part, except that this paragraph does not prohibit the setting and publishing of a joint through rate by a conference, joint venture, or association of ocean common carriers;’’. (b) A
UTHORITY .—Chapter 411 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting after section 41105 the fol-lowing: ‘‘§ 41105A. Authority ‘‘Nothing in section 41105, as amended by the Federal Maritime Commission Author-ization Act of 2017, shall be construed to limit the authority of the Department of Justice regarding antitrust matters.’’; and (2) in the analysis at the beginning of chap-ter 411, by inserting after the item relating to section 41105 the following: ‘‘41105A. Authority.’’. (c) E
XEMPTION .—Section 40307(b)(1) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by insert-ing ‘‘tug operators,’’ after ‘‘motor carriers,’’. 
SEC. 710. INJUNCTIVE RELIEF SOUGHT BY THE COMMISSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 41307(b) of title 46, United States Code is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2172 April 16, 2018 
(1) in paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘or to sub-stantially lessen competition in the pur-chasing of certain covered services’’ after ‘‘transportation cost’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) C
OMPETITION FACTORS .—In making a determination under this subsection regard-ing whether an agreement is likely to sub-stantially lessen competition in the pur-chasing of certain covered services, the Com-mission may consider any relevant competi-tion factors in affected markets, including, without limitation, the competitive effect of agreements other than the agreement under review.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION .—Section 41307(b) of title 46, United States Code, as amended, shall apply to any agreement filed or with an ef-fective date before, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 711. DISCUSSIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 303 of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 303. Meetings ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Federal Maritime Commission shall be deemed to be an agency for purposes of section 552b of title 5. ‘‘(b) R
ECORD .—The Commission, through its secretary, shall keep a record of its meet-ings and the votes taken on any action, order, contract, or financial transaction of the Commission. ‘‘(c) N
ONPUBLIC COLLABORATIVE DISCUS -
SIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 552b of title 5, a majority of the Commis-sioners may hold a meeting that is not open to public observation to discuss official agency business if— ‘‘(A) no formal or informal vote or other official agency action is taken at the meet-ing; ‘‘(B) each individual present at the meet-ing is a Commissioner or an employee of the Commission; ‘‘(C) at least 1 Commissioner from each po-litical party is present at the meeting, if ap-plicable; and ‘‘(D) the General Counsel of the Commis-sion is present at the meeting. ‘‘(2) D
ISCLOSURE OF NONPUBLIC COLLABO -
RATIVE DISCUSSIONS .—Except as provided under paragraph (3), not later than 2 business days after the conclusion of a meeting under paragraph (1), the Commission shall make available to the public, in a place easily ac-cessible to the public— ‘‘(A) a list of the individuals present at the meeting; and ‘‘(B) a summary of the matters discussed at the meeting, except for any matters the Commission properly determines may be withheld from the public under section 552b(c) of title 5. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .—If the Commission prop-erly determines matters may be withheld from the public under section 555b(c) of title 5, the Commission shall provide a summary with as much general information as possible on those matters withheld from the public. ‘‘(4) O
NGOING PROCEEDINGS .—If a meeting under paragraph (1) directly relates to an on-going proceeding before the Commission, the Commission shall make the disclosure under paragraph (2) on the date of the final Com-mission decision. ‘‘(5) P
RESERVATION OF OPEN MEETINGS RE -
QUIREMENTS FOR AGENCY ACTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to limit the applicability of section 552b of title 5 with respect to a meeting of the Commis-sioners other than that described in this sub-section. ‘‘(6) S
TATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed— ‘‘(A) to limit the applicability of section 552b of title 5 with respect to any informa-tion which is proposed to be withheld from the public under paragraph (2)(B) of this sub-section; or ‘‘(B) to authorize the Commission to with-hold from any individual any record that is accessible to that individual under section 552a of title 5.’’. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 3 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by amending the item relating to section 303 to read as fol-lows: ‘‘303. Meetings.’’. 
SEC. 712. TRANSPARENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Federal Maritime Commission shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives biannual reports that describe the Commission’s progress toward addressing the issues raised in each unfinished regulatory proceeding, regardless of whether the pro-ceeding is subject to a statutory or regu-latory deadline. (b) F
ORMAT OF REPORTS .—Each report under subsection (a) shall, among other things, clearly identify for each unfinished regulatory proceeding— (1) the popular title; (2) the current stage of the proceeding; (3) an abstract of the proceeding; (4) what prompted the action in question; (5) any applicable statutory, regulatory, or judicial deadline; (6) the associated docket number; (7) the date the rulemaking was initiated; (8) a date for the next action; and (9) if a date for next action identified in the previous report is not met, the reason for the delay. 
SEC. 713. STUDY OF BANKRUPTCY PREPARATION AND RESPONSE. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study that examines the immediate aftermath of a major ocean carrier bankruptcy and its im-pact through the supply chain. The study shall consider any financial mechanisms that could be used to mitigate the impact of any future bankruptcy events on the supply chain. (b) R
EPORT .—No later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report containing the findings, con-clusions, and recommendations, if any, from the study required under subsection (a). 
SEC. 714. AGREEMENTS UNAFFECTED. 
Nothing in this Act may be construed— (1) to limit or amend the definition of ‘‘agreement’’ in section 40102(1) of title 46, United States Code, with respect to the ex-clusion of maritime labor agreements; or (2) to apply to a maritime labor agreement (as defined in section 40102(15) of that title). TITLE VIII—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 801. REPEAL OF OBSOLETE REPORTING RE-QUIREMENT. 
Subsection (h) of section 888 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 468) is re-pealed. 
SEC. 802. CORRECTIONS TO PROVISIONS EN-ACTED BY COAST GUARD AUTHOR-IZATION ACTS. 
Section 604(b) of the Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–281; 128 Stat. 3061) is amended by inserting ‘‘and fishery endorse-ment’’ after ‘‘endorsement’’. SEC. 803. OFFICER EVALUATION REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall reduce lieutenant junior grade evaluation re-ports to the same length as an ensign or place lieutenant junior grade evaluations on an annual schedule. (b) S
URVEYS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall con-duct surveys of— (1) outgoing promotion board members and assignment officers to determine, at a min-imum— (A) which sections of the officer evaluation report were most useful; (B) which sections of the officer evaluation report were least useful; (C) how to better reflect high performers; and (D) any recommendations for improving the officer evaluation report; and (2) at least 10 percent of the officers from each grade of officers from O1 to O6 to deter-mine how much time each member of the rating chain spends on that member’s por-tion of the officer evaluation report. (c) R
EVISIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 4 years after the date of the completion of the sur-veys required by subsection (b), the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard shall revise the officer evaluation report, and provide cor-responding directions, taking into account the requirements under paragraph (2). (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In revising the officer evaluation report under paragraph (1), the Commandant shall— (A) consider the findings of the surveys under subsection (b); (B) improve administrative efficiency; (C) reduce and streamline performance di-mensions and narrative text; (D) eliminate redundancy with the officer specialty management system and any other record information systems that are used during the officer assignment or promotion process; (E) provide for fairness and equity for Coast Guard officers with regard to pro-motion boards, selection panels, and the as-signment process; and (F) ensure officer evaluation responsibil-ities can be accomplished within normal working hours— (i) to minimize any impact to officer du-ties; and (ii) to eliminate any need for an officer to take liberty or leave for administrative pur-poses. (d) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 545 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report on the findings of the surveys under subsection (b). (2) F
ORMAT .—The report under paragraph (1) shall be formatted by each rank, type of board, and position, as applicable. 
SEC. 804. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY. 
Section 404 of the Coast Guard Authoriza-tion Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–281; 124 Stat. 2950) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the text preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘sections 3304, 5333, and 5753’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3304’’; and (2) by striking subsection (b), and redesig-nating subsection (c) as subsection (b). 
SEC. 805. COAST GUARD ROTC PROGRAM. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Commandant of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2173 April 16, 2018 
Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the costs and benefits of creating a Coast Guard Reserve Officers’ Training Corps Program based on the other Armed Forces programs. 
SEC. 806. CURRENCY DETECTION CANINE TEAM PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
ANINE CURRENCY DETECTION TEAM .—The term ‘‘canine currency detection team’’ means a canine and a canine handler that are trained to detect currency. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. (b) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a program to allow the use of canine currency detection teams for purposes of Coast Guard maritime law enforcement, including underway vessel boardings. (c) O
PERATION .—The Secretary may co-operate with, or enter into an agreement with, the head of another Federal agency to meet the requirements under subsection (b). 
SEC. 807. CENTER OF EXPERTISE FOR GREAT LAKES OIL SPILL SEARCH AND RE-SPONSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall estab-lish a Center of Expertise for Great Lakes Oil Spill Preparedness and Response (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Center of Ex-pertise’’) in accordance with section 313 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act. (b) L
OCATION .—The Center of Expertise shall be located in close proximity to— (1) critical crude oil transportation infra-structure on and connecting the Great Lakes, such as submerged pipelines and high- traffic navigation locks; and (2) an institution of higher education with adequate aquatic research laboratory facili-ties and capabilities and expertise in Great Lakes aquatic ecology, environmental chem-istry, fish and wildlife, and water resources. (c) F
UNCTIONS .—The Center of Expertise shall— (1) monitor and assess, on an ongoing basis, the current state of knowledge regard-ing freshwater oil spill response technologies and the behavior and effects of oil spills in the Great Lakes; (2) identify any significant gaps in Great Lakes oil spill research, including an assess-ment of major scientific or technological de-ficiencies in responses to past spills in the Great Lakes and other freshwater bodies, and seek to fill those gaps; (3) conduct research, development, testing, and evaluation for freshwater oil spill re-sponse equipment, technologies, and tech-niques to mitigate and respond to oil spills in the Great Lakes; (4) educate and train Federal, State, and local first responders located in Coast Guard District 9 in— (A) the incident command system struc-ture; (B) Great Lakes oil spill response tech-niques and strategies; and (C) public affairs; and (5) work with academic and private sector response training centers to develop and standardize maritime oil spill response training and techniques for use on the Great Lakes. (d) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘Great Lakes’’ means Lake Superior, Lake Michigan, Lake Huron, Lake Erie, and Lake Ontario. SEC. 808. PUBLIC SAFETY ANSWERING POINTS AND MARITIME SEARCH AND RES-CUE COORDINATION. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act— (1) the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating acting through the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall review Coast Guard policies and proce-dures for public safety answering points and search-and-rescue coordination with State and local law enforcement entities in order to— (A) further minimize the possibility of maritime 911 calls being improperly routed; and (B) assure the Coast Guard is able to effec-tively carry out the Coast Guard’s maritime search and rescue mission; and (2) the Commandant shall— (A) formulate a national maritime public safety answering points policy; and (B) submit a report to the Congress on such assessment and policy, which shall include an update to the report submitted in accord-ance with section 233 of the Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014. 
SEC. 809. SHIP SHOAL LIGHTHOUSE TRANSFER: REPEAL. 
Effective January 1, 2021, section 27 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 1991 (Pub-lic Law 102–241; 105 Stat. 2218) is repealed. 
SEC. 810. LAND EXCHANGE, AYAKULIK ISLAND, ALASKA. 
(a) L AND EXCHANGE ; A YAKULIK ISLAND , A
LASKA .—If the owner of Ayakulik Island, Alaska, offers to exchange the Island for the Tract— (1) within 10 days after receiving such offer, the Secretary shall provide notice of the offer to the Commandant; (2) within 90 days after receiving the notice under paragraph (1), the Commandant shall develop and transmit to the Secretary pro-posed operational restrictions on commer-cial activity conducted on the Tract, includ-ing the right of the Commandant to— (A) order the immediate termination, for a period of up to 72 hours, of any activity oc-curring on or from the Tract that violates or threatens to violate one or more of such re-strictions; or (B) commence a civil action for appro-priate relief, including a permanent or tem-porary injunction enjoining the activity that violates or threatens to violate such restric-tions; (3) within 90 days after receiving the pro-posed operational restrictions from the Com-mandant, the Secretary shall transmit such restrictions to the owner of Ayakulik Island; and (4) within 30 days after transmitting the proposed operational restrictions to the owner of Ayakulik Island, and if the owner agrees to such restrictions, the Secretary shall convey all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Tract to the owner, subject to an easement granted to the Commandant to enforce such restrictions, in exchange for all right, title, and interest of such owner in and to Ayakulik Island. (b) B
OUNDARY REVISIONS .—The Secretary may make technical and conforming revi-sions to the boundaries of the Tract before the date of the exchange. (c) P
UBLIC LAND ORDER .—Effective on the date of an exchange under subsection (a), Public Land Order 5550 shall have no force or effect with respect to submerged lands that are part of the Tract. (d) F
AILURE TO TIMELY RESPOND TO NO-
TICE.—If the Commandant does not transmit proposed operational restrictions to the Sec-retary within 30 days after receiving the no-tice under subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall, by not later than 60 days after trans-mitting such notice, convey all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Tract to the owner of Ayakulik Island in exchange for all right, title, and interest of such owner in and to Ayakulik Island. (e) CERCLA NOTAFFECTED .—This section and an exchange under this section shall not be construed to limit the application of or otherwise affect section 120(h) of the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)). (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OMMANDANT .—The term ‘‘Com-mandant’’ means the Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating, acting through the Commandant of the Coast Guard. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (3) T
RACT .—The term ‘‘Tract’’ means the land (including submerged land) depicted as ‘‘PROPOSED PROPERTY EXCHANGE AREA’’ on the survey titled ‘‘PROPOSED PROPERTY EXCHANGE PARCEL’’ and dated 3/22/17. 
SEC. 811. USE OF TRACT 43. 
Section 524(e)(2) of the Pribilof Island Transition Completion Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–120), as amended by section 3533 of the Pribilof Island Transition Completion Amendments Act of 2016 (subtitle B of title XXXV of Public Law 114-328), is amended by— (1) striking ‘‘each month’’ and inserting ‘‘each April and October’’; and (2) striking ‘‘previous month’’ and insert-ing ‘‘previous six months’’. 
SEC. 812. COAST GUARD MARITIME DOMAIN AWARENESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall seek to enter into an arrange-ment with the National Academy of Sciences not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act under which the Acad-emy shall prepare an assessment of available unmanned, autonomous, or remotely con-trolled maritime domain awareness tech-nologies for use by the Coast Guard. (b) A
SSESSMENT .—The assessment shall— (1) describe the potential limitations of current and emerging unmanned tech-nologies used in the maritime domain for— (A) ocean observation; (B) vessel monitoring and identification; (C) weather observation; (D) to the extent practicable for consider-ation by the Academy, intelligence gath-ering, surveillance, and reconnaissance; and (E) communications; (2) examine how technologies described in paragraph (1) can help prioritize Federal in-vestment by examining; (A) affordability, including acquisition, op-erations, and maintenance; (B) reliability; (C) versatility; (D) efficiency; and (E) estimated service life and persistence of effort; and (3) analyze whether the use of new and emerging maritime domain awareness tech-nologies can be used to— (A) carry out Coast Guard missions at lower costs; (B) expand the scope and range of Coast Guard maritime domain awareness; (C) allow the Coast Guard to more effi-ciently and effectively allocate Coast Guard vessels, aircraft, and personnel; and (D) identify adjustments that would be necessary in Coast Guard policies, proce-dures, and protocols to incorporate un-manned technologies to enhance efficiency. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after entering into an arrangement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2174 April 16, 2018 
with the Secretary under subsection (a), the National Academy of Sciences shall submit the assessment prepared under this section to the Committees on Transportation and In-frastructure and Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. (d) U
SE OF INFORMATION .—In formulating costs pursuant to subsection (b), the Na-tional Academy of Sciences may utilize in-formation from other Coast Guard reports, assessments, or analyses regarding existing Coast Guard manpower requirements or other reports, assessments, or analyses for the acquisition of unmanned, autonomous, or remotely controlled technologies by the Federal Government. 
SEC. 813. MONITORING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall conduct a 1-year pilot program to determine the impact of persistent use of dif-ferent types of surveillance systems on ille-gal maritime activities, including illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing, in the Western Pacific region. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The pilot program shall— (1) consider the use of light aircraft-based detection systems that can identify poten-tial illegal activity from high altitudes and produce enforcement-quality evidence at low altitudes; and (2) be directed at detecting and deterring illegal maritime activities, including illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing, and en-hancing maritime domain awareness. 
SEC. 814. REIMBURSEMENTS FOR NON-FEDERAL CONSTRUCTION COSTS OF CERTAIN AIDS TO NAVIGATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of amounts specifically provided in advance in subsequent appropriations Acts and in accordance with this section, the Commandant of the Coast Guard may reim-burse a non-Federal entity for costs incurred by the entity for a covered project. (b) C
ONDITIONS .—The Commandant may not provide reimbursement under subsection (a) with respect to a covered project unless— (1) the need for the project is a result of the completion of construction with respect to a federally authorized navigation channel; (2) the Commandant determines, through an appropriate navigation safety analysis, that the project is necessary to ensure safe marine transportation; (3) the Commandant approves the design of the project to ensure that it meets all appli-cable Coast Guard aids-to-navigation stand-ards and requirements; (4) the non-Federal entity agrees to trans-fer the project upon completion to the Coast Guard for operation and maintenance by the Coast Guard as a Federal aid to navigation; (5) the non-Federal entity carries out the project in accordance with the same laws and regulations that would apply to the Coast Guard if the Coast Guard carried out the project, including obtaining all permits required for the project under Federal and State law; and (6) the Commandant determines that the project satisfies such additional require-ments as may be established by the Com-mandant. (c) L
IMITATIONS .—Reimbursements under subsection (a) may not exceed the following: (1) For a single covered project, $5,000,000. (2) For all covered projects in a single fis-cal year, $5,000,000. (d) E
XPIRATION .—The authority granted under this section shall expire on the date that is 4 years after the date of enactment of this section. (e) C
OVERED PROJECT DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘covered project’’ means a project carried out— (1) by a non-Federal entity to construct and establish an aid to navigation that fa-cilitates safe and efficient marine transpor-tation on a Federal navigation project au-thorized by title I of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (Public Law 110– 114); and (2) in an area that was affected by Hurri-cane Harvey. SEC. 815. TOWING SAFETY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM FEES. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall— (1) review and compare the costs to the Government of— (A) towing vessel inspections performed by the Coast Guard; and (B) such inspections performed by a third party; and (2) based on such review and comparison, determine whether the costs to the Govern-ment of such inspections performed by a third party are different than the costs to the Government of such inspections per-formed by the Coast Guard. (b) R
EVISION OF FEES.—If the Commandant determines under subsection (a) that the costs to the Government of such inspections performed by a third party are different than the costs to the Government of such inspec-tions performed by the Coast Guard, then the Commandant shall revise the fee as-sessed by the Coast Guard for such inspec-tions as necessary to conform to the require-ments under section 9701 of title 31, United States Code, that such fee be based on the cost to the Government of such inspections and accurately reflect such costs. 
SEC. 816. OIL SPILL DISBURSEMENTS AUDITING AND REPORT. 
Section 1012 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2712) is amended— (1) by repealing subsection (g); (2) in subsection (l)(1), by striking ‘‘Within one year after the date of enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010, and annually thereafter,’’ and inserting ‘‘Each year, on the date on which the President sub-mits to Congress a budget under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code,’’; and (3) by amending subsection (l)(2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall include— ‘‘(A) a list of each incident that— ‘‘(i) occurred in the preceding fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) resulted in disbursements from the Fund, for removal costs and damages, total-ing $500,000 or more; ‘‘(B) a list of each incident that— ‘‘(i) occurred in the fiscal year preceding the preceding fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) resulted in disbursements from the Fund, for removal costs and damages, total-ing $500,000 or more; and ‘‘(C) an accounting of any amounts reim-bursed to the Fund in the preceding fiscal year that were recovered from a responsible party for an incident that resulted in dis-bursements from the Fund, for removal costs and damages, totaling $500,000 or more.’’. 
SEC. 817. FLEET REQUIREMENTS ASSESSMENT AND STRATEGY. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, in consultation with in-terested Federal and non-Federal stake-holders, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report including— (1) an assessment of Coast Guard at-sea operational fleet requirements to support its statutory missions established in the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.); and (2) a strategic plan for meeting the require-ments identified under paragraph (1). (b) CONTENTS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall include— (1) an assessment of— (A) the extent to which the Coast Guard at-sea operational fleet requirements re-ferred to in subsection (a)(1) are currently being met; (B) the Coast Guard’s current fleet, its operational lifespan, and how the anticipated changes in the age and distribution of vessels in the fleet will impact the ability to meet at-sea operational requirements; (C) fleet operations and recommended im-provements to minimize costs and extend operational vessel life spans; and (D) the number of Fast Response Cutters, Offshore Patrol Cutters, and National Secu-rity Cutters needed to meet at-sea oper-ational requirements as compared to planned acquisitions under the current programs of record; (2) an analysis of— (A) how the Coast Guard at-sea operational fleet requirements are currently met, includ-ing the use of the Coast Guard’s current cut-ter fleet, agreements with partners, char-tered vessels, and unmanned vehicle tech-nology; and (B) whether existing and planned cutter programs of record (including the Fast Re-sponse Cutter, Offshore Patrol Cutter, and National Security Cutter) will enable the Coast Guard to meet at-sea operational re-quirements; and (3) a description of— (A) planned manned and unmanned vessel acquisition; and (B) how such acquisitions will change the extent to which the Coast Guard at-sea oper-ational requirements are met. (c) C
ONSULTATION AND TRANSPARENCY .— (1) C
ONSULTATION .—In consulting with the Federal and non-Federal stakeholders under subsection (a), the Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— (A) provide the stakeholders with opportu-nities for input— (i) prior to initially drafting the report, in-cluding the assessment and strategic plan; and (ii) not later than 3 months prior to final-izing the report, including the assessment and strategic plan, for submission; and (B) document the input and its disposition in the report. (2) T
RANSPARENCY .—All input provided under paragraph (1) shall be made available to the public. (d) E
NSURING MARITIME COVERAGE .—In order to meet Coast Guard mission require-ments for search and rescue, ports, water-ways, and coastal security, and maritime en-vironmental response during recapitalization of Coast Guard vessels, the Coast Guard shall ensure continuity of the coverage, to the maximum extent practicable, in the loca-tions that may lose assets. 
SEC. 818. NATIONAL SECURITY CUTTER. 
(a) S TANDARD METHOD FOR TRACKING .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard may not certify an eighth National Security Cutter as Ready for Operations before the date on which the Commandant provides to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate— (1) a notification of a new standard method for tracking operational employment of Coast Guard major cutters that does not in-clude time during which such a cutter is away from its homeport for maintenance or repair; and (2) a report analyzing cost and performance for different approaches to achieving varied 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2175 April 16, 2018 
levels of operational employment using the standard method required by paragraph (1) that, at a minimum— (A) compares over a 30-year period the av-erage annualized baseline cost and perform-ances for a certified National Security Cut-ter that operated for 185 days away from homeport or an equivalent alternative meas-ure of operational tempo— (i) against the cost of a 15 percent increase in days away from homeport or an equiva-lent alternative measure of operational tempo for a National Security Cutter; and (ii) against the cost of the acquisition and operation of an additional National Security Cutter; and (B) examines the optimal level of oper-ational employment of National Security Cutters to balance National Security Cutter cost and mission performance. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 221(b) of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2012 (126 Stat. 1560) is repealed. (2) Section 204(c)(1) of the Coast Guard Au-thorization Act of 2016 (130 Stat. 35) is re-pealed. 
SEC. 819. ACQUISITION PLAN FOR INLAND WA-TERWAY AND RIVER TENDERS AND BAY-CLASS ICEBREAKERS. 
(a) A CQUISITION PLAN.—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a plan to replace or extend the life of the Coast Guard fleet of inland wa-terway and river tenders, and the Bay-class icebreakers. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The plan under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an analysis of the work required to ex-tend the life of vessels described in sub-section (a); (2) recommendations for which, if any, such vessels it is cost effective to undertake a ship-life extension or enhanced mainte-nance program; (3) an analysis of the aids to navigation program to determine if advances in naviga-tion technology may reduce the needs for physical aids to navigation; (4) recommendations for changes to phys-ical aids to navigation and the distribution of such aids that reduce the need for the ac-quisition of vessels to replace the vessels de-scribed in subsection (a); (5) a schedule for the acquisition of vessels to replace the vessels described in subsection (a), including the date on which the first ves-sel will be delivered; (6) the date such acquisition will be com-plete; (7) a description of the order and location of replacement vessels; (8) an estimate of the cost per vessel and of the total cost of the acquisition program of record; and (9) an analysis of whether existing vessels can be used. 
SEC. 820. GREAT LAKES ICEBREAKER ACQUISI-TION. 
(a) I CEBREAKING ON THE GREAT LAKES .—For fiscal years 2018 and 2019, the Commandant of the Coast Guard may use funds made available pursuant to section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, for the construction of an icebreaker that is at least as capable as the Coast Guard Cutter Mackinaw to enhance icebreaking capacity on the Great Lakes. (b) A
CQUISITION PLAN.—Not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall submit a plan to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives for acquiring an icebreaker described in subsections (a) and (b). Such plan shall include— (1) the details and schedule of the acquisi-tion activities to be completed; and (2) a description of how the funding for Coast Guard acquisition, construction, and improvements that was appropriated under the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31) will be allocated to sup-port the acquisition activities referred to in paragraph (1). SEC. 821. POLAR ICEBREAKERS. 
(a) E NHANCED MAINTENANCE PROGRAM FOR  
THEPOLAR STAR.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall conduct an en-hanced maintenance program on Coast Guard Cutter Polar Star (WAGB–10) to extend the service life of such vessel until at least December 31, 2025. (2) R
EQUIREMENT FOR REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, in consultation with Naval Sea Systems Command, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a detailed report describing a plan to extend the service life of the Coast Guard Cutter Polar Star (WAGB–10) until at least December 31, 2025, through an enhanced maintenance program. (3) C
ONTENT .—The report required by para-graph (2) shall include the following: (A) An assessment and discussion of the enhanced maintenance program rec-ommended by the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine’s Com-mittee on Polar Icebreaker Cost Assessment in the letter report ‘‘Acquisition and Oper-ation of Polar Icebreakers: Fulfilling the Na-tion’s Needs’’. (B) An assessment and discussion of the Government Accountability Office’s con-cerns and recommendations regarding serv-ice life extension work on Coast Guard Cut-ter Polar Star (WAGB–10) in the report ‘‘Sta-tus of the Coast Guard’s Polar Icebreaking Fleet Capability and Recapitalization Plan’’. (C) Based upon a materiel condition assess-ment of the Coast Guard Cutter Polar Star (WAGB–10)— (i) a description of the service life exten-sion needs of the vessel; (ii) detailed information regarding planned shipyard work for each fiscal year to meet such needs; and (iii) an estimate of the amount needed to be appropriated to complete the enhanced maintenance program. (D) A plan to ensure the vessel will main-tain seasonally operational status during the enhanced maintenance program. (4) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— The Commandant of the Coast Guard may use funds made available pursuant to section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by section 202 of this Act, for the enhanced maintenance program described in the report required by subsection (a). (b) O
VERDUE REPORT .—Upon the date of en-actment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives the polar icebreaker recapitalization plan required under section 3523 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). (c) COAST GUARD AND MARITIME TRANSPOR -
TATION ACT OF 2012; A MENDMENT .—Section 222 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Trans-portation Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–213), as amended, is further amended as follows: (1) by striking subsections (a) through (d); (2) by redesignating subsections (e) through (g) as subsections (a) through (c), re-spectively; (3) in subsection (a), as redesignated— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Except as provided in sub-section (c), the Commandant’’ and inserting ‘‘The Commandant’’; (B) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘Polar Sea or’’; (C) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘either of the vessels’’ and inserting ‘‘the Polar Star or the Polar Sea’’; and (D) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘either of the vessels’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘the Polar Star’’. 
SEC. 822. STRATEGIC ASSETS IN THE ARCTIC. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ARCTIC .—In this section, the term ‘‘Arctic’’ has the meaning given the term in section 112 of the Arctic Research and Policy Act of 1984 (15 U.S.C. 4111). (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Arctic continues to grow in signifi-cance to both the national security interests and the economic prosperity of the United States; and (2) the Coast Guard must ensure it is posi-tioned to respond to any accident, incident, or threat with appropriate assets. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and taking into consideration the Department of De-fense 2016 Arctic Strategy, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the progress toward implementing the stra-tegic objectives described in the United States Coast Guard Arctic Strategy dated May 2013. (d) C
ONTENTS .—The report under sub-section (c) shall include— (1) a description of the Coast Guard’s progress toward each strategic objective identified in the United States Coast Guard Arctic Strategy dated May 2013; (2) an assessment of the assets and infra-structure necessary to meet the strategic ob-jectives identified in the United States Coast Guard Arctic Strategy dated May 2013 based on factors such as— (A) response time; (B) coverage area; (C) endurance on scene; (D) presence; and (E) deterrence; (3) an analysis of the sufficiency of the dis-tribution of National Security Cutters, Off-shore Patrol Cutters, and Fast Response Cut-ters both stationed in various Alaskan ports and in other locations to meet the strategic objectives identified in the United States Coast Guard Arctic Strategy, dated May 2013; (4) plans to provide communications throughout the entire Coastal Western Alas-ka Captain of the Port zone to improve wa-terway safety and mitigate close calls, colli-sions, and other dangerous interactions be-tween the shipping industry and subsistence hunters; (5) plans to prevent marine casualties, when possible, by ensuring vessels avoid en-vironmentally sensitive areas and perma-nent security zones; (6) an explanation of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2176 April 16, 2018 
(A) whether it is feasible to establish a ves-sel traffic service, using existing resources or otherwise; and (B) whether an Arctic Response Center of Expertise is necessary to address the gaps in experience, skills, equipment, resources, training, and doctrine to prepare, respond to, and recover spilled oil in the Arctic; and (7) an assessment of whether sufficient agreements are in place to ensure the Coast Guard is receiving the information it needs to carry out its responsibilities. 
SEC. 823. ARCTIC PLANNING CRITERIA. 
(a) A LTERNATIVE PLANNING CRITERIA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), the Commandant of the Coast Guard may ap-prove a vessel response plan under section 311 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321) for a vessel operating in any area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone (as established by the Commandant) that includes the Arctic, if the Commandant verifies that— (A) equipment required to be available for response under the plan has been tested and proven capable of operating in the environ-mental conditions expected in the area in which it is intended to be operated; and (B) the operators of such equipment have conducted training on the equipment within the area covered by such Captain of the Port Zone. (2) P
OST-APPROVAL REQUIREMENTS .—In ap- proving a vessel response plan under para-graph (1), the Commandant shall— (A) require that the oil spill removal orga-nization identified in the vessel response plan conduct regular exercises and drills of the plan in the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone that includes the Arctic; and (B) allow such oil spill removal organiza-tion to take credit for a response to an ac-tual spill or release in the area covered by such Captain of the Port Zone, instead of conducting an exercise or drill required under subparagraph (A), if the oil spill re-moval organization— (i) documents which exercise or drill re-quirements were met during the response; and (ii) submits a request for credit to, and re-ceives approval from, the Commandant. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall sub-mit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report on the oil spill prevention and response capabilities for the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone (as established by the Commandant) that includes the Arc-tic. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of equipment and assets available for response under the vessel re-sponse plans approved for vessels operating in the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone, including details on any providers of such equipment and assets. (B) A description of the location of such equipment and assets, including an estimate of the time to deploy the equipment and as-sets. (C) A determination of how effectively such equipment and assets are distributed throughout the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone. (D) A statement regarding whether the ability to maintain and deploy such equip-ment and assets is taken into account when measuring the equipment and assets avail-able throughout the area covered by the Cap-tain of the Port Zone. (E) A validation of the port assessment visit process and response resource inventory for response under the vessel response plans approved for vessels operating in the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone. (F) A determination of the compliance rate with Federal vessel response plan regula-tions in the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone during the previous 3 years. (G) A description of the resources needed throughout the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone to conduct port assess-ments, exercises, response plan reviews, and spill responses. (c) DEFINITION OF ARCTIC .—In this section, the term ‘‘Arctic’’ has the meaning given the term under section 112 of the Arctic Re-search and Policy Act of 1984 (15 U.S.C. 4111). 
SEC. 824. VESSEL RESPONSE PLAN AUDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall complete and submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a comprehensive review of the processes and resources used by the Coast Guard to implement vessel response plan requirements under section 311 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321). (b) R
EQUIRED ELEMENTS OF REVIEW .—The review required under subsection (a) shall, at a minimum, include— (1) a study, or an audit if appropriate, of the processes the Coast Guard uses— (A) to approve the vessel response plans re-ferred to in subsection (a); (B) to approve alternate planning criteria used in lieu of National Planning Criteria in approving such plans; (C) to verify compliance with such plans; and (D) to act in the event of a failure to com-ply with the requirements of such plans; (2) an examination of all Federal and State agency resources used by the Coast Guard in carrying out the processes identified under paragraph (1), including— (A) the current staffing model and organi-zation; (B) data, software, simulators, systems, or other technology, including those pertaining to weather, oil spill trajectory modeling, and risk management; (C) the total amount of time per fiscal year expended by Coast Guard personnel to ap-prove and verify compliance with vessel re-sponse plans; and (D) the average amount of time expended by the Coast Guard for approval of, and verification of compliance with, a single ves-sel response plan; (3) an analysis of how, including by what means or methods, the processes identified under paragraph (1)— (A) ensure compliance with applicable law; (B) are implemented by the Coast Guard, including at the district and sector levels; (C) are informed by public comment and engagement with States, Indian Tribes, and other regional stakeholders; (D) ensure availability and adequate oper-ational capability and capacity of required assets and equipment, including in cases in which contractual obligations may limit the availability of such assets and equipment for response; (E) provide for adequate asset and equip-ment mobilization time requirements, par-ticularly with respect to— (i) calculation and establishment of such requirements; (ii) verifying compliance with such re-quirements; and (iii) factoring in weather, including spe-cific regional adverse weather as defined in section 155.1020 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, in calculating, establishing, and verifying compliance with such require-ments; (F) ensure response plan updates and vessel compliance when changes occur in response planning criteria, asset and equipment mobi-lization times, or regional response needs, such as trends in transportation of high gravity oils or changes in vessel traffic vol-ume; and (G) enable effective action by the Coast Guard in the event of a failure to comply with response plan requirements; (4) a determination regarding whether asset and equipment mobilization time re-quirements under approved vessel response plans can be met by the vessels to which they apply; and (5) recommendations for improving the processes identified under paragraph (1), in-cluding recommendations regarding the suf-ficiency of Coast Guard resources dedicated to those processes. SEC. 825. WATERS DEEMED NOT NAVIGABLE WATERS OF THE UNITED STATES FOR CERTAIN PURPOSES. 
For purposes of the application of subtitle II of title 46, United States Code, to the Vol- unteer (Hull Number CCA4108), the Illinois and Michigan Canal is deemed to not be nav-igable waters of the United States. 
SEC. 826. DOCUMENTATION OF RECREATIONAL VESSELS. 
Coast Guard personnel performing nonrec-reational vessel documentation functions under subchapter II of chapter 121 of title 46, United States Code, may perform rec-reational vessel documentation under sec-tion 12114 of such title in any fiscal year in which— (1) funds available for Coast Guard oper-ating expenses may not be used for expenses incurred for recreational vessel documenta-tion; (2) fees collected from owners of yachts and credited to such use are insufficient to pay expenses of recreational vessel documenta-tion; and (3) there is a backlog of applications for recreational vessel documentation. 
SEC. 827. EQUIPMENT REQUIREMENTS; EXEMP-TION FROM THROWABLE PERSONAL FLOTATION DEVICES REQUIRE-MENT. 
Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is op-erating shall— (1) prescribe regulations in part 160 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, that treat a marine throw bag, as that term is commonly used in the commercial whitewater rafting industry, as a type of lifesaving equipment; and (2) revise section 175.17 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, to exempt rafts that are 16 feet or more overall in length from the requirement to carry an additional throwable personal flotation device when such a marine throw bag is onboard and ac-cessible. 
SEC. 828. VISUAL DISTRESS SIGNALS AND ALTER-NATIVE USE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall develop a performance standard for the alternative use and possession of vis-ual distress alerting and locating signals as mandated by carriage requirements for rec-reational boats in subpart C of part 175 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations. (b) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the performance standard for alter-native use and possession of visual distress alerting and locating signals is finalized, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2177 April 16, 2018 
Secretary shall revise part 175 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, to allow for carriage of such alternative signal devices. 
SEC. 829. RADAR REFRESHER TRAINING. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall prescribe a final rule eliminating the requirement that a mariner actively using the mariner’s credential complete an approved refresher or recertification course to maintain a radar observer endorsement. This rulemaking shall be exempt from chap-ters 5 and 6 of title 5, United States Code, and Executive Orders 12866 and 13563. 
SEC. 830. COMMERCIAL FISHING VESSEL SAFETY NATIONAL COMMUNICATIONS PLAN. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR PLAN.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall de-velop and submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a national communications plan for the purposes of— (1) disseminating information to the com-mercial fishing vessel industry; (2) conducting outreach with the commer-cial fishing vessel industry; (3) facilitating interaction with the com-mercial fishing vessel industry; and (4) releasing information collected under section 15102 of title 46, United States Code, as added by this Act, to the commercial fish-ing vessel industry. (b) C
ONTENT .—The plan required by sub-section (a), and each annual update, shall— (1) identify staff, resources, and systems available to the Secretary to ensure the widest dissemination of information to the commercial fishing vessel industry; (2) include a means to document all com-munication and outreach conducted with the commercial fishing vessel industry; and (3) include a mechanism to measure effec-tiveness of such plan. (c) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than one year after submission of the initial plan, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall implement the plan and shall at a minimum— (1) leverage Coast Guard staff, resources, and systems available; (2) monitor implementation nationwide to ensure adherence to plan contents; (3) allow each Captain of the Port to adopt the most effective strategy and means to communicate with commercial fishing vessel industry in that Captain of the Port Zone; (4) document communication and out-reach; and (5) solicit feedback from the commercial fishing vessel industry. (d) R
EPORT AND UPDATES .—The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— (1) submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report on the effectiveness of the plan to date and any updates to ensure maximum impact of the plan one year after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 4 years thereafter; and (2) include in such report input from indi-vidual Captains of the Port and any feedback received from the commercial fishing vessel industry. 
SEC. 831. AUTHORIZATION FOR MARINE DEBRIS PROGRAM. 
The Marine Debris Research, Prevention, and Reduction Act is amended— (1) in section 9 (33 U.S.C. 1958)— (A) by striking the em-dash and all that follows through ‘‘(1)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and all that follows through the end of the section and inserting a period; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SEC. 10. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘Of the amounts authorized for each fiscal year under section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, up to $2,000,000 are authorized for the Commandant to carry out section 4 of this Act, of which not more than 10 percent may be used for administrative costs.’’. 
SEC. 832. ATLANTIC COAST PORT ACCESS ROUTE STUDY RECOMMENDATIONS. 
Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of the Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall notify the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate of action taken to carry out the recommendations contained in the final report issued by the Atlantic Coast Port Ac-cess Route Study (ACPARS) workgroup for which notice of availability was published March 14, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 13307). 
SEC. 833. DRAWBRIDGES. 
Section 5 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act mak-ing appropriations for the construction, re-pair, and preservation of certain public works on rivers and harbors, and for other purposes’’, approved August 18, 1894 (33 U.S.C. 499), is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) T
EMPORARY CHANGES TO DRAWBRIDGE  O
PERATING SCHEDULES .—Notwithstanding section 553 of title 5, United States Code, whenever a temporary change to the oper-ating schedule of a drawbridge, lasting 180 days or less— ‘‘(1) is approved— ‘‘(A) the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— ‘‘(i) issue a deviation approval letter to the bridge owner; and ‘‘(ii) announce the temporary change in— ‘‘(I) the Local Notice to Mariners; ‘‘(II) a broadcast notice to mariners and through radio stations; or ‘‘(III) such other local media as the Sec-retary considers appropriate; and ‘‘(B) the bridge owner, except a railroad bridge owner, shall notify— ‘‘(i) the public by publishing notice of the temporary change in a newspaper of general circulation published in the place where the bridge is located; ‘‘(ii) the department, agency, or office of transportation with jurisdiction over the roadway that abuts the approaches to the bridge; and ‘‘(iii) the law enforcement organization with jurisdiction over the roadway that abuts the approaches to the bridge; or ‘‘(2) is denied, the Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— ‘‘(A) not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the request, provide the bridge owner in writing the reasons for the denial, including any supporting data and evidence used to make the determination; and ‘‘(B) provide the bridge owner a reasonable opportunity to address each reason for the denial and resubmit the request. ‘‘(e) D
RAWBRIDGE MOVEMENTS .—The Sec- retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating— ‘‘(1) shall require a drawbridge operator to record each movement of the drawbridge in a logbook; ‘‘(2) may inspect the logbook to ensure drawbridge movement is in accordance with the posted operating schedule; ‘‘(3) shall review whether deviations from the posted operating schedule are impairing vehicular and pedestrian traffic; and ‘‘(4) may determine if the operating sched-ule should be adjusted for efficiency of mari-time or vehicular and pedestrian traffic. ‘‘(f) REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) L
OGBOOKS .—An operator of a draw-bridge built across a navigable river or other water of the United States— ‘‘(A) that opens the draw of such bridge for the passage of a vessel, shall record in a log-book— ‘‘(i) the bridge identification and date of each opening; ‘‘(ii) the bridge tender or operator for each opening; ‘‘(iii) each time it is opened for navigation; ‘‘(iv) each time it is closed for navigation; ‘‘(v) the number and direction of vessels passing through during each opening; ‘‘(vi) the types of vessels passing through during each opening; ‘‘(vii) an estimated or known size (height, length, and beam) of the largest vessel pass-ing through during each opening; ‘‘(viii) for each vessel, the vessel name and registration number if easily observable; and ‘‘(ix) all maintenance openings, malfunc-tions, or other comments; and ‘‘(B) that remains open to navigation but closes to allow for trains to cross, shall record in a logbook— ‘‘(i) the bridge identification and date of each opening and closing; ‘‘(ii) the bridge tender or operator; ‘‘(iii) each time it is opened to navigation; ‘‘(iv) each time it is closed to navigation; and ‘‘(v) all maintenance openings, closings, malfunctions, or other comments. ‘‘(2) M
AINTENANCE OF LOGBOOKS .—A draw- bridge operator shall maintain logbooks re-quired under paragraph (1) for not less than 5 years. ‘‘(3) S
UBMISSION OF LOGBOOKS .—At the re-quest of the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, a draw-bridge operator shall submit to the Sec-retary the logbook required under paragraph (1) as the Secretary considers necessary to carry out this section. ‘‘(4) E
XEMPTION .—The requirements under paragraph (1) shall be exempt from sections 3501 to 3521 of title 44, United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 834. WAIVER. 
Section 8902 of title 46, United States Code, shall not apply to the chain ferry DIANE (United States official number CG002692) when such vessel is operating on the Kala-mazoo River in Saugatuck, Michigan. 
SEC. 835. FIRE-RETARDANT MATERIALS. 
Section 3503 of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 3503. Fire-retardant materials ‘‘(a)(1) A passenger vessel of the United States having berth or stateroom accom-modations for at least 50 passengers shall be granted a certificate of inspection only if— ‘‘(A) the vessel is constructed of fire-re-tardant materials; and ‘‘(B) the vessel— ‘‘(i) is operating engines, boilers, main electrical distribution panels, fuel tanks, oil tanks, and generators that meet current Coast Guard regulations; and ‘‘(ii) is operating boilers and main elec-trical generators that are contained within noncombustible enclosures equipped with fire suppression systems. ‘‘(2) Before December 1, 2028, this sub-section does not apply to any vessel in oper-ation before January 1, 1968, and operating only within the Boundary Line. ‘‘(b)(1) The owner or managing operator of an exempted vessel described in subsection (a)(2) shall— ‘‘(A) notify in writing prospective pas-sengers, prior to purchase, and each crew member that the vessel does not comply 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2178 April 16, 2018 
with applicable fire safety standards due pri-marily to the wooden construction of pas-senger berthing areas; ‘‘(B) display in clearly legible font promi-nently throughout the vessel, including in each state room the following: ‘THIS VES-SEL FAILS TO COMPLY WITH SAFETY RULES AND REGULATIONS OF THE U.S. COAST GUARD.’; ‘‘(C) acquire prior to the vessel entering service, and maintain, liability insurance in an amount to be prescribed by the Federal Maritime Commission; ‘‘(D) make annual structural alteration to not less than 10 percent of the areas of the vessel that are not constructed of fire retard-ant materials; ‘‘(E) prioritize alterations in galleys, engi-neering areas of the vessel, including all spaces and compartments containing, or ad-jacent to spaces and compartments con-taining, engines, boilers, main electrical dis-tribution panels, fuel tanks, oil tanks, and generators; ‘‘(F) ensure, to the satisfaction of the Sec-retary, that the combustible fire-load has been reduced pursuant to subparagraph (D) during each annual inspection for certifi-cation; ‘‘(G) ensure the vessel has multiple forms of egress off the vessel’s bow and stern; ‘‘(H) provide advance notice to the Coast Guard regarding the structural alterations made pursuant to subparagraph (D) and com-ply with any noncombustible material re-quirements prescribed by the Coast Guard; ‘‘(I) annually notify all ports of call and State emergency management offices of ju-risdiction that the vessel does not comply with the requirement under subsection (a)(1); ‘‘(J) provide crewmembers manning such vessel shipboard training that— ‘‘(i) is specialized for exempted vessels; ‘‘(ii) exceeds requirements related to standards for firefighting training under chapter I of title 46, Code of Federal Regula-tions, as in effect on October 1, 2017; and ‘‘(iii) is approved by the Coast Guard; and ‘‘(K) to the extent practicable, take all steps to retain previously trained crew knowledgeable of such vessel or to hire crew trained in operations aboard exempted ves-sels. ‘‘(2) The owner or managing operator of an exempted vessel described in subsection (a)(2) may not disclaim liability to a pas-senger or crew member of such vessel for death, injury, or any other loss caused by fire due to the negligence of the owner or managing operator. ‘‘(3) The Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) conduct an annual audit and inspec-tion of each exempted vessel described in subsection (a)(2); ‘‘(B) in implementing subparagraph (b)(1)(F), consider, to the extent practicable, the goal of preservation of the historic integ-rity of such vessel in areas carrying or acces-sible to passengers or generally visible to the public; and ‘‘(C) prescribe regulations to carry out this section, including to prescribe the manner in which prospective passengers are to be noti-fied under paragraph (1)(A). ‘‘(4) The penalties provided in section 3504(c) of this title shall apply to a violation of this subsection. ‘‘(c) In addition to otherwise applicable penalties, the Secretary may immediately withdraw a certificate of inspection for an exempted vessel described in subsection (a)(2) that does not comply with any require-ment under subsection (b).’’. 
SEC. 836. LETTERS OF DETERMINATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding sections 12112(a)(2)(A) and 12113(a)(2) of title 46, United States Code, the Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Sec-retary’’) shall issue a certificate of docu-mentation with coastwise and fishery en-dorsements for the vessel ‘‘AMERICA’S FIN-EST’’ (United States official number 1276760) if— (1) the chief executive officer of the ship-yard that built the vessel and the chief exec-utive officer of the company purchasing the vessel and their respective entities fully comply with the requirements in paragraph (2); and (2) the Secretary, through the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard, renders an af-firmative determination under subsection (d). (b) REPLACEMENT VESSELS .—The vessel ‘‘AMERICA’S FINEST’’ (United States offi-cial number 1276760) shall— (1) qualify as a replacement vessel for the vessel ‘‘AMERICA NO. 1’’ (United States offi-cial number 610654) and as an Amendment 80 replacement vessel, as defined in section 679.2 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations; and (2) not be precluded from operating as an Amendment 80 replacement vessel under the provisions of part 679 of title 50, Code of Fed-eral Regulations. (c) R
EQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—After issuing the certifi-cate of documentation under subsection (a), the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall require the chief executive officer of the shipyard that built the vessel and the chief executive officer of the company purchasing the vessel to each submit, not later than 30 days after the issuance date, a written affi-davit to the Commandant of the Coast Guard that— (A) certifies that neither person nor their respective entities had knowledge that the use of certain foreign fabricated steel compo-nents on the vessel would violate require-ments under sections 12112(a)(2)(A) and 12113(a)(2) of title 46, United States Code, prior to the installation of such components; (B) describes why the shipyard or the ves-sel owner or purchaser and their respective entities chose to use certain foreign fab-ricated steel components for the construc-tion of the vessel; (C) certifies that neither person or their re-spective entities had prior knowledge of the ability to request a Letter of Determination from the Coast Guard prior to or during the construction of the vessel to ensure compli-ance with all requirements under such sec-tions 12112(a)(2)(A) and 12113(a)(2); (D) includes an engineering analysis, con-ducted by a professionally certified naval ar-chitect, to determine the percentage (by ton-nage) of foreign fabricated steel utilized in the construction of the vessel; and (E) certifies that each person and their re-spective entities are now fully aware of re-quirements under such sections 12112(a)(2)(A) and 12113(a)(2). (2) S
UBMISSION .— (A) E
XTENSION .—The Secretary may extend the deadline under paragraph (1), if the Sec-retary determines the circumstances war-rant such an extension. (B) R
EVOCATION .—If the affidavits required under paragraph (1) are not submitted by the date required under that paragraph or sub-paragraph (A) of this paragraph, as applica-ble, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall immediately revoke the certificate of documentation issued under subsection (a). (d) C
OAST GUARD DETERMINATION .— (1) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the submission of the affidavits under subsection (c)(1), the Secretary, acting through the Commandant of the Coast Guard, shall conduct and complete a review to substantiate the affidavits submitted under such subsection. As part of the review, the Secretary, Commandant, and appropriate Federal law enforcement agency may re-quest and review— (A) any official or unofficial electronic or physical records, including any engineering analyses of the vessel conducted by a profes-sionally certified naval architect; (B) any contractual agreements between the contracting parties; (C) any information provided by other Fed-eral agencies regarding the future use of the vessel as a fishing vessel documented under the laws of the United States; and (D) any other relevant information, cor-respondence, or documents. (2) DETERMINATION .—If, after completing the review under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary finds evidence to suggest that the shipyard or the purchaser of the vessel had knowledge that the use of certain foreign fabricated steel components would violate requirements under sections 12112(a)(2)(A) and 12113(a)(2) of title 46, United States Code, before such components were procured or in-stalled, the vessel shall be ineligible to re-ceive such endorsements described in sub-section (a) of this section. (e) W
AIVER OF CLAIMS .—By submitting an affidavit under subsection (c)(1), the submit-ting party, all entities represented by a sub-mitting party, and any third party that could otherwise sustain an action based upon the action of a submitting party or entity represented by a submitting party, thereby waives all claims against the Secretary, the Commandant of the Coast Guard, and their departments and any persons acting on their behalf, regarding any potential claims aris-ing from the determination set forth in this section. (f) T
ERMINATION RULE.—In the event that the original purchaser terminates the origi-nal agreement, the original purchaser is pro-hibited from entering into a subsequent con-tract or agreement for purchase of the vessel described in subsection (a). (g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) O
RIGINAL AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘origi-nal agreement’’ means the Vessel Construc-tion Agreement entered into by the original purchaser with Dakota Creek Industries on November 18, 2014, relating to the vessel de-scribed in subsection (a). (2) O
RIGINAL PURCHASER .—The term ‘‘origi-nal purchaser’’ means— (A) the entity that entered into the first agreement with Dakota Creek Industries to purchase the vessel described in subsection (a); and (B) any subsidiary of, or other entity owned or controlled by, that entity. (3) R
ESPECTIVE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘respec-tive entity’’ means— (A) the shipyard that built the vessel ‘‘AMERICA’S FINEST’’ (United States offi-cial number 1276760), when used with respect to the chief executive officer of the shipyard; and (B) the original purchaser, when used with respect to the chief executive officer of the original purchaser. 
SEC. 837. TEMPORARY LIMITATIONS. 
(a) L IMITATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Upon the Coast Guard issuing a certificate of documentation with coastwise and fishery endorsements for the vessel ‘‘AMERICA’S FINEST’’ (United States official number 1276760), and subject to subsection (b), the vessels described in paragraph (2) shall not collectively exceed— (A) the percentage of the harvest available in any Gulf of Alaska groundfish fisheries (other than fisheries subject to a limited ac-cess privilege program created by the North Pacific Fishery Management Council) that is equivalent to the total harvest by the vessels 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2179 April 16, 2018 
described in paragraph (2) in those fisheries in the calendar years that a vessel described in paragraph (2) had harvest from 2012 through 2017 relative to the total allowable catch available to such vessels in the cal-endar years 2012 through 2017; or (B) the percentage of processing of deliv-eries from other vessels in any Bering Sea, Aleutian Islands, and Gulf of Alaska ground-fish fisheries (including fisheries subject to a limited access privilege program created by the North Pacific Fishery Management Council, or community development quotas as described in section 305(i) of the Magnu-son-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Man-agement Act (16 U.S.C. 1855(i))) that is equiv-alent to the total processing of such deliv-eries by the vessels described in paragraph (2) in those fisheries in the calendar years 2012 through 2017 relative to the total allow-able catch available in the calendar years 2012 through 2017. (2) A
PPLICABLE VESSELS .—The limitations described in paragraph (1) shall apply, in the aggregate, to— (A) the vessel AMERICA’S FINEST (United States official number 1276760); (B) the vessel US INTREPID (United States official number 604439); (C) the vessel AMERICAN NO. 1 (United States official number 610654); (D) any replacement of a vessel described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C); and (E) any vessel assigned license number LLG3217 under the license limitation pro-gram under part 679 of title 50, Code of Fed-eral Regulations. (b) E
XPIRATION .—The limitations described in subsection (a) shall apply to a groundfish species in Bering Sea, Aleutian Islands, and Gulf of Alaska only until the earlier of— (1) the end of the 6-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act; or (2) the date on which the Secretary of Commerce issues a final rule, based on rec-ommendations developed by the North Pa-cific Fishery Management Council con-sistent with the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), that limits processing deliveries of that groundfish species from other vessels in any Bering Sea, Aleutian Islands, and Gulf of Alaska groundfish fisheries that are not subject to conservation and management measures under section 206 of the American Fisheries Act (16 U.S.C. 1851 note). (c) E
XISTING AUTHORITY .—Except for the measures required by this section, nothing in this title shall be construed to limit the au-thority of the North Pacific Fishery Manage-ment Council or the Secretary of Commerce under the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Con-servation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). 
SEC. 838. TRANSFER OF COAST GUARD PROP-ERTY IN JUPITER ISLAND, FLORIDA, FOR INCLUSION IN HOBE SOUND NA-TIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE. 
(a) T RANSFER .—Administrative jurisdiction over the property described in subsection (b) is transferred to the Secretary of the Inte-rior. (b) P
ROPERTY DESCRIBED .—The property described in this subsection is real property administered by the Coast Guard in the Town of Jupiter Island, Florida, comprising Parcel #35-38-42-004-000-02590-6 (Bon Air Beach lots 259 and 260 located at 83 North Beach Road) and Parcel #35-38-42-004-000- 02610-2 (Bon Air Beach lots 261 to 267), includ-ing any improvements thereon that are not authorized or required by another provision of law to be conveyed to another person. (c) A
DMINISTRATION .—The property de-scribed in subsection (b) is included in Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge, and shall be administered by the Secretary of the Inte-rior acting through the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. SEC. 839. EMERGENCY RESPONSE. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall request the National Off-shore Safety Advisory Committee to exam-ine whether there are unnecessary regu-latory barriers to the use of small passenger vessels, crewboats, and offshore supply ves-sels in disaster response and provide rec-ommendations, as appropriate, to reduce such barriers. 
SEC. 840. USE OF FUNDS IN WMAT SETTLEMENT FUND FOR WMAT RURAL WATER SYSTEM. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF WMAT R URAL WATER  S
YSTEM .—Section 307(a) of the White Moun-tain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantifica-tion Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–291; 124 Stat. 3080) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘, (b)(2),’’ after ‘‘subsections (a)’’. (b) F
UNDING .—Section 312(b)(2)(C)(i)(III) of the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–291; 124 Stat. 3093) is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘, including the planning, de-sign, and construction of the WMAT rural water system, in accordance with section 307(a).’’. 
SEC. 841. DRAWBRIDGES CONSULTATION. 
(a) C ONSULTATION .—In addition and subse-quent to any rulemaking conducted under section 117.8 of title 33, Code of Federal Reg-ulations, related to permanent changes to drawbridge openings that result from Am-trak service between New Orleans, Louisiana and Orlando, Florida, the Commandant shall consult with owners or operators of rail lines used for Amtrak passenger service between New Orleans, Louisiana and Orlando, Florida and affected waterway users on changes to drawbridge operating schedules necessary to facilitate the On Time Performance of pas-senger trains. These changes to schedules shall not impact Coast Guard response times to operational missions. (b) T
IMING .—Consultation in subsection (a) shall occur after commencement of Amtrak passenger service on the rail lines between New Orleans, Louisiana and Orlando, Florida at the following intervals: (1) Not less than 3 months following the commencement of Amtrak passenger service. (2) Not less than 6 months following the commencement of Amtrak passenger service. (c) R
EPORT .—If after conducting the con-sultations required by subsection (b)(2), the Commandant finds that permanent changes to drawbridge operations are necessary to mitigate delays in the movement of trains described in subsection (a) and that those changes do not unreasonably obstruct the navigability of the affected waterways, then the Commandant shall submit those findings to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives. TITLE IX—VESSEL INCIDENTAL DISCHARGE ACT 
SEC. 901. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Vessel Inci-dental Discharge Act’’. 
SEC. 902. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the En-vironmental Protection Agency. (2) A
QUATIC NUISANCE SPECIES .—The term ‘‘aquatic nuisance species’’ means a non-indigenous species (including a pathogen, microbe, or virus) that threatens the diver-sity or abundance of native species or the ec-ological stability of waters of the United States, or commercial, agricultural, aquacultural, or recreational activities de-pendent on such waters. (3) BALLAST WATER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘ballast water’’ means any water and suspended matter taken on board a commercial vessel— (i) to control or maintain trim, draught, stability, or stresses of the commercial ves-sel, regardless of how such water and matter is carried; or (ii) during the cleaning, maintenance, or other operation of a ballast tank or ballast water management system of the commer-cial vessel. (B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘ballast water’’ does not include any substance that is added to water described in subparagraph (A) that is directly related to the operation of a prop-erly functioning ballast water management system. (4) B
ALLAST WATER DISCHARGE STANDARD .— The term ‘‘ballast water discharge standard’’ means— (A) the numerical ballast water discharge standard set forth in section 151.2030 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, or section 151.1511 of such title (as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act); or (B) if the standard described in subpara-graph (A) has been revised under section 906, such revised standard. (5) B
ALLAST WATER MANAGEMENT SYSTEM .— The term ‘‘ballast water management sys-tem’’ means any system, including all bal-last water treatment equipment and all asso-ciated control and monitoring equipment, that processes ballast water— (A) to kill, render nonviable, or remove or-ganisms; or (B) to avoid the uptake or discharge of or-ganisms. (6) B
EST AVAILABLE TECHNOLOGY ECONOMI -
CALLY ACHIEVABLE .—The term ‘‘best avail-able technology economically achievable’’ has the meaning given that term in sections 301(b)(2)(A) and 304(b)(2)(B) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1311(b)(2)(A) and 1314(b)(2)(B)) as such term applies to a mobile point source. (7) B
IOCIDE .—The term ‘‘biocide’’ means a substance or organism that is introduced into or produced by a ballast water manage-ment system to kill or eliminate aquatic nuisance species as part of the process used to comply with a ballast water discharge standard. (8) C
APTAIN OF THE PORT ZONE .—The term ‘‘Captain of the Port Zone’’ means a Captain of the Port Zone established by the Sec-retary pursuant to sections 92, 93, and 633 of title 14, United States Code. (9) C
OMMERCIAL VESSEL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘commercial vessel’’ means— (i) a vessel (as defined in section 3 of title 1, United States Code) that is engaged in commercial service (as defined in section 2101(5) of title 46, United States Code); or (ii) a vessel that is within the scope of the General Permit or Small Vessel General Per-mit on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. (B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘commercial vessel’’ does not include— (i) a recreational vessel; or (ii) a vessel of the armed forces (as defined in section 312 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322)). (10) D
ISCHARGE INCIDENTAL TO THE NORMAL  
OPERATION OF A COMMERCIAL VESSEL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘discharge inci-dental to the normal operation of a commer-cial vessel’’ means— (i) a discharge into navigable waters of the United States from a commercial vessel of— (I)(aa) graywater, bilge water, cooling water, oil water separator effluent, anti-foul-ing hull coating leachate, boiler or econo-mizer blowdown, byproducts from cathodic protection, controllable pitch propeller and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2180 April 16, 2018 
thruster hydraulic fluid, distillation and re-verse osmosis brine, elevator pit effluent, firemain system effluent, freshwater layup effluent, gas turbine wash water, motor gas-oline and compensating effluent, refrigera-tion and air condensate effluent, seawater piping biofouling prevention substances, boat engine wet exhaust, sonar dome efflu-ent, exhaust gas scrubber wash water, or stern tube packing gland effluent; or (bb) any other pollutant associated with the operation of a marine propulsion system, shipboard maneuvering system, habitability system, or installed major equipment, or from a protective, preservative, or absorp-tive application to the hull of a commercial vessel; (II) deck runoff, deck washdown, above the waterline hull cleaning effluent, aqueous film forming foam effluent, chain locker ef-fluent, non-oily machinery wastewater, un-derwater ship husbandry effluent, welldeck effluent, or fish hold and fish hold cleaning effluent; or (III) any effluent from a properly func-tioning marine engine; or (ii) a discharge of a pollutant into navi-gable waters of the United States in connec-tion with the testing, maintenance, or repair of a system, equipment, or engine described in subclause (I)(bb) or (III) of clause (i) when-ever the commercial vessel is waterborne. (B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘discharge in-cidental to the normal operation of a com-mercial vessel’’ does not include— (i) any discharge into navigable waters of the United States from a commercial vessel of— (I) ballast water; (II) rubbish, trash, garbage, incinerator ash, or other such material discharged over-board; (III) oil or a hazardous substance (as such terms are defined in section 311 of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321)); or (IV) sewage (as defined in section 312(a)(6) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322(a)(6))); or (ii) any emission of an air pollutant result-ing from the operation onboard a commer-cial vessel of a commercial vessel propulsion system, motor driven equipment, or inciner-ator; (iii) any discharge into navigable waters of the United States from a commercial vessel when the commercial vessel is operating in a capacity other than as a means of transpor-tation on water; or (iv) any discharge that results from an ac-tivity other than the normal operation of a commercial vessel. (11) E
MPTY BALLAST TANK .—The term ‘‘empty ballast tank’’ means a tank— (A) intended to hold ballast water that has been drained to the limit of the functional or operational capabilities of such tank, such as loss of suction, and otherwise recorded as empty on a vessel log; and (B) that contains unpumpable residual bal-last water and sediments. (12) E
XCHANGE .—The term ‘‘exchange’’ means, with respect to ballast water, to re-place the water in a ballast water tank using one of the following methods: (A) Flow-through exchange, in which bal-last water is flushed out by pumping in mid- ocean water at the bottom of the tank and continuously overflowing the tank from the top until 3 full volumes of water has been changed to minimize the number of original organisms remaining in the tank. (B) Empty and refill exchange, in which ballast water taken on in ports, estuarine waters, or territorial waters is pumped out until the pump loses suction, after which the ballast tank is refilled with mid-ocean water. (13) GENERAL PERMIT .—The term ‘‘General Permit’’ means the ‘‘Final National Pollut-ant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) General Permit for Discharges Incidental to the Normal Operation of a Vessel’’ noticed in the Federal Register on April 12, 2013 (78 Fed. Reg. 21938). (14) G
REAT LAKES STATES .—The term ‘‘Great Lakes States’’ means Illinois, Indi-ana, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin. (15) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given that term in section 4(e) of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304(e)). (16) M
AJOR CONVERSION .—The term ‘‘major conversion’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2101(14a) of title 46, United States Code. (17) M
ARINE POLLUTION CONTROL DEVICE .— The term ‘‘marine pollution control device’’ means any equipment for installation or use on board a commercial vessel that is— (A) designed to receive, retain, treat, con-trol, or discharge a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a commercial vessel; and (B) determined by the Secretary, in con-sultation with the Administrator, to be the most effective equipment or management practice to reduce the environmental impact of the discharge consistent with the consid-erations set forth in section 908(a)(2). (18) M
ID-OCEAN WATER .—The term ‘‘mid- ocean water’’ means water greater than 200 nautical miles from any shore. (19) N
AVIGABLE WATERS OF THE UNITED  
STATES .—The term ‘‘navigable waters of the United States’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2101(17a) of title 46, United States Code. (20) O
PERATING IN A CAPACITY OTHER THAN  
AS A MEANS OF TRANSPORTATION ON WATER .— The term ‘‘operating in a capacity other than as a means of transportation on water’’ includes— (A) when in use as an energy or mining fa-cility; (B) when in use as a storage facility or sea-food processing facility; (C) when secured to a storage facility or seafood processing facility; and (D) when secured to the bed of the ocean, contiguous zone, or waters of the United States for the purpose of mineral or oil ex-ploration or development. (21) O
RGANISM .—The term ‘‘organism’’ means any organism and includes pathogens, microbes, viruses, bacteria, and fungi. (22) O
WNER OR OPERATOR .—The term ‘‘owner or operator’’ means a person owning, operating, or chartering by demise a com-mercial vessel. (23) P
ACIFIC COAST REGION .—The term ‘‘Pa-cific Coast Region’’ means Federal and State waters adjacent to Alaska, Washington, Or-egon, or California extending from shore and including the entire exclusive economic zone (as defined in section 1001(8) of the Oil Pollu-tion Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701(8))) adjacent to each such State. (24) P
OLLUTANT .—The term ‘‘pollutant’’ has the meaning given that term in section 502(6) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1362(6)). (25) P
ORT OR PLACE OF DESTINATION .—The term ‘‘port or place of destination’’ means any port or place to which a vessel is bound to anchor or moor. (26) R
ECREATIONAL VESSEL .—The term ‘‘rec-reational vessel’’ has the meaning given that term in section 502 of the Federal Water Pol-lution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1362). (27) R
ENDER NONVIABLE .—The term ‘‘render nonviable’’ means, with respect to organisms in ballast water, the action of a ballast water management system that leaves such organisms permanently incapable of repro-duction following treatment. (28) SALTWATER FLUSH .—The term ‘‘salt-water flush’’— (A) means— (i) the addition of as much mid-ocean water into each empty ballast tank of a com-mercial vessel as is safe for such vessel and crew and the mixing of the flushwater with residual water and sediment through the mo-tion of such vessel; and (ii) the discharge of the mixed water, such that the resultant residual water remaining in the tank has the highest salinity possible, and is at least 30 parts per thousand; and (B) may require more than one fill-mix- empty sequence, particularly if only small amounts of water can be safely taken on-board the commercial vessel at one time. (29) S
ECRETARY .—Except as otherwise spec-ified, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. (30) S
MALL VESSEL GENERAL PERMIT .—The term ‘‘Small Vessel General Permit’’ means the ‘‘Final National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) General Per-mit for Discharges Incidental to the Normal Operation of a Small Vessel’’ noticed in the Federal Register on September 10, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 53702) 
SEC. 903. TREATMENT OF EXISTING BALLAST WATER REGULATIONS. 
(a) E FFECT ON EXISTING REGULATIONS .— Any regulation issued pursuant to the Non-indigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.) that is in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, and that relates to a matter subject to regulation under this title, shall remain in full force and effect un-less or until superseded by a new regulation issued under this title relating to such mat-ter. (b) A
PPLICATION OF OTHER REGULATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The regulations issued pursuant to the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nui-sance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.) relating to sanctions for violating a regulation under that Act shall apply to violations of a regulation issued under this title. (2) P
ENALTIES .—The penalties for viola-tions described in paragraph (1) shall in-crease consistent with inflation. 
SEC. 904. BALLAST WATER DISCHARGE REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Except as provided in paragraph (7), and subject to sections 151.2035 and 151.2036 of title 33, Code of Federal Regu-lations (as in effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act), an owner or operator may discharge ballast water into navigable waters of the United States from a commer-cial vessel covered under subsection (b) only if the owner or operator discharges the bal-last water in accordance with requirements established by this title or the Secretary. (2) C
OMMERCIAL VESSELS ENTERING THE  
GREAT LAKES SYSTEM AND HUDSON RIVER .—If a commercial vessel enters the Great Lakes through the mouth of the Saint Lawrence River or the Hudson River north of the George Washington Bridge, the owner or op-erator shall— (A) comply with the applicable require-ments of— (i) paragraph (1); (ii) subpart C of part 151 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations (or similar successor regulations); and (iii) section 401.30 of such title (or similar successor regulations); and (B) after operating— (i) outside the exclusive economic zone of the United States or Canada, conduct a com-plete ballast water exchange in an area that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2181 April 16, 2018 
is 200 nautical miles or more from any shore before the owner or operator may discharge ballast water while operating in the Saint Lawrence River or the Great Lakes, subject to any requirements the Secretary deter-mines necessary with regard to such ex-change or any ballast water management system that is to be used in conjunction with such exchange, to ensure that any discharge of ballast water complies with the require-ments under paragraph (1); or (ii) exclusively within the territorial waters or exclusive economic zone of the United States or Canada, conduct a complete ballast water exchange outside the Saint Lawrence River and the Great Lakes in an area that is 50 nautical miles or more from any shore before the owner or operator may discharge ballast water while operating in the Saint Lawrence River or the Great Lakes, subject to any requirements the Sec-retary determines necessary with regard to such exchange or any ballast water manage-ment system that is to be used in conjunc-tion with such exchange, to ensure that any discharge of ballast water complies with the requirements under paragraph (1), unless traveling 50 nautical miles or more from shore would compromise commercial vessel safety or is otherwise prohibited by any do-mestic or international regulation. (3) C
OMMERCIAL VESSELS OPERATING WITHIN  
THE PACIFIC COAST REGION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (C) and paragraph (6), the owner or operator of a commercial vessel de-scribed in subparagraph (B) shall conduct a complete ballast water exchange in waters more than 50 nautical miles from shore. (B) C
OMMERCIAL VESSEL DESCRIBED .—A commercial vessel described in this subpara-graph is a commercial vessel— (i) operating between 2 ports or places of destination within the Pacific Coast Region; or (ii) operating between a port or place of destination within the Pacific Coast Region and a port or place of destination on the Pa-cific Coast of Canada or Mexico north of 20 degrees north latitude, inclusive of the Gulf of California. (C) E
XEMPTIONS .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to the following: (i) A commercial vessel voyaging between or to a port or place of destination in the State of Washington, if the ballast water to be discharged from such vessel originated solely from waters located between the par-allel 43 degrees, 32 minutes north latitude, including the internal waters of the Colum-bia River, and the internal waters of Canada south of parallel 50 degrees north latitude, including the waters of the Strait of Georgia and the Strait of Juan de Fuca. (ii) A commercial vessel voyaging between ports or places of destination in the States of Washington and Oregon if the ballast water to be discharged from such vessel originated solely from waters located between the par-allel 40 degrees north latitude and the par-allel 50 degrees north latitude. (iii) A commercial vessel voyaging between ports or places of destination in the State of California within the San Francisco Bay area east of the Golden Gate Bridge, includ-ing the Port of Stockton and the Port of Sacramento, if any ballast water to be dis-charged from such vessel originated solely from ports or places within such area. (iv) A commercial vessel voyaging between the Port of Los Angeles, the Port of Long Beach, and the El Segundo offshore marine oil terminal if any ballast water to be dis-charged from such vessel originated solely from the Port of Los Angeles, the Port of Long Beach, or the El Segundo offshore ma-rine oil terminal. (v) A commercial vessel voyaging between a port or place in the State of Alaska within a single Captain of the Port Zone. (4) EMPTY BALLAST TANKS .— (A) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B) and paragraph (6), the owner or operator of a commercial vessel with empty ballast tanks shall conduct a saltwater flush— (i) at least 200 nautical miles from any shore for voyages originating outside the United States or Canadian exclusive eco-nomic zone; or (ii) at least 50 nautical miles from any shore for voyages within the Pacific Coast Region. (B) E
XCEPTION .—The requirements of sub-paragraph (A) shall not apply— (i) if a ballast tank’s unpumpable residual waters and sediments were subject to a salt-water flush, ballast water exchange, or treat-ment through a ballast water management system; or (ii) unless otherwise required under this title, if the ballast tank’s unpumpable resid-ual waters and sediments were sourced with-in the same port or place of destination, or Captain of the Port Zone. (5) L
OW SALINITY BALLAST WATER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B) and paragraph (6), owners or operators of commercial vessels that transport ballast water sourced from waters with a measured salinity of less than 18 parts per thousand, except as provided by a public or commercial source under subsection (b)(2)(C), and voyage to a Pacific Coast Re-gion port or place of destination that has a measured salinity of less than 18 parts per thousand shall conduct a complete ballast water exchange— (i) more than 50 nautical miles from shore if the ballast water was sourced from a Pa-cific Coast Region port or place of destina-tion; or (ii) more than 200 nautical miles from shore if the ballast water was not sourced from a Pacific Coast Region port or place of destination. (B) E
XCEPTION .—The requirements of sub-paragraph (A) shall not apply to a commer-cial vessel that has a ballast water manage-ment system approved for treating fresh-water at concentrations prescribed in section 906(a)(1)(A) or that retains all of its ballast water. (6) E
XEMPTED VESSELS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The requirements of paragraphs (3), (4), and (5) shall not apply to a commercial vessel if— (i) complying with such requirements would compromise the safety of the commer-cial vessel; (ii) design limitations of the commercial vessel prevent ballast water exchange or saltwater flush from being conducted; (iii) the commercial vessel is certified by the Secretary as having no residual ballast water or sediments on board or retains all its ballast water while in waters subject to such requirements; or (iv) empty ballast tanks on the commer-cial vessel are sealed and certified by the Secretary so there is no discharge or uptake and subsequent discharge of ballast waters subject to such requirements. (B) A
DDITIONAL EXEMPTIONS .—The require-ments of paragraphs (3) and (4) shall not apply to a commercial vessel if the commer-cial vessel uses a method of ballast water management approved by the Coast Guard under section 905 of this title or subpart 162.060 of title 46, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or similar successor regulations). (7) S
AFETY EXEMPTION .—Notwithstanding paragraphs (1) through (6), an owner or oper-ator of a commercial vessel may discharge ballast water into navigable waters of the United States from a commercial vessel if— (A) the ballast water is discharged solely to ensure the safety of life at sea; (B) the ballast water is discharged acciden-tally as the result of damage to the commer-cial vessel or its equipment and— (i) all reasonable precautions to prevent or minimize the discharge have been taken; and (ii) the owner or operator did not willfully or recklessly cause such damage; or (C) the ballast water is discharged solely for the purpose of avoiding or minimizing a discharge from the commercial vessel of a pollutant that would violate a Federal or State law. (8) LOGBOOK REQUIREMENTS .—Section 11301(b) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(13) when a commercial vessel does not carry out ballast water management require-ments as applicable and pursuant to regula-tions promulgated and issued by the Sec-retary, including when such a vessel fails to carry out ballast water management require-ments due to an allowed safety exemption, a statement about the failure to comply and the circumstances under which the failure occurred, made immediately after when practicable to do so.’’. (9) L
IMITATION OF REQUIREMENTS .—In estab- lishing requirements under this subsection, the Secretary may not require the installa-tion of a ballast water management system on a commercial vessel that— (A) carries all of its ballast water in sealed tanks that— (i) are not subject to discharge; (ii) have been certified by the Secretary; and (iii) have been noted in the commercial vessel logbook; or (B) discharges ballast water solely into a reception facility described in subsection (d). (b) A
PPLICABILITY .— (1) C
OVERED VESSELS .—Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3), subsection (a) shall apply to any commercial vessel that is de-signed, constructed, or adapted to carry bal-last water while such commercial vessel is operating in navigable waters of the United States. (2) E
XEMPTED VESSELS .—Subsection (a) shall not apply to a commercial vessel— (A) that continuously takes on and dis-charges ballast water in a flow-through sys-tem, if such system does not introduce aquatic nuisance species into navigable waters of the United States, as determined by the Secretary; (B) in the National Defense Reserve Fleet that is scheduled for disposal, if the vessel does not have ballast water management systems or the ballast water management systems of the vessel are inoperable; (C) that discharges ballast water con-sisting solely of water taken aboard from a public or commercial source that, at the time the water is taken aboard, meets the applicable regulations or permit require-ments for such source under the Safe Drink-ing Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.); (D) in an alternative compliance program established pursuant to subsection (c); (E) that carries all of its permanent ballast water in sealed tanks that are not subject to discharge; or (F) uses other liquid or material as ballast and does not discharge ballast overboard. (3) V
ESSELS OPERATING EXCLUSIVELY WITHIN  
THE GREAT LAKES AND SAINT LAWRENCE  
RIVER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A commercial vessel that operates exclusively within the Great Lakes and Saint Lawrence River shall be subject to subsection (a). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2182 April 16, 2018 
(B) T RANSITION .—Notwithstanding subpara-graph (A), a commercial vessel that operates exclusively within the Great Lakes and Saint Lawrence River that is not required to comply with the ballast water discharge standard on the day before the date of enact-ment of this Act shall transition into com-pliance with subsection (a) under the special rules established in subparagraph (C) of this subsection: (C) S
PECIAL RULES .—The Secretary shall require a class of commercial vessels de-scribed in subparagraph (B) of this sub-section to comply with subsection (a) only if the Secretary— (i) approves a ballast water management system for such class of commercial vessels under section 905 of this title or subpart 162.060 of title 46, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or similar successor regulation); (ii) determines that such ballast water management system meets the operationally practicable criteria described in section 906 with respect to such class of commercial ves-sels complying with the ballast water dis-charge standard; (iii) determines that requiring such class of commercial vessels to comply with the bal-last water discharge standard is operation-ally practicable for such class of commercial vessels; and (iv) in coordination with the Adminis-trator, conducts a probabilistic assessment of the benefits to the environment and the costs to industry of compliance with sub-section (a) by such class of commercial ves-sels and determines that such benefits ex-ceed such costs. (D) R
ECONSIDERATION .—If the Secretary de-termines under subparagraph (C)(iv) that such benefits do not exceed such costs, the Secretary, in coordination with the Adminis-trator, shall reconsider the determination of the Secretary under that subparagraph— (i) if a petition is received from a Governor of a Great Lakes State that— (I) includes new data or science not consid-ered during such determination; and (II) is submitted not less than 1 year after the date of such determination; or (ii) not later than 5 years after the date of such determination. (E) C
OMPLIANCE DEADLINE .—A class of com-mercial vessels that is required by the Sec-retary to comply with subsection (a) under the special rules established by subparagraph (C) of this subsection shall comply with the ballast water discharge standard— (i) after completion of the first scheduled vessel dry docking that commences on or after the date that is 3 years after the date that the Secretary requires compliance under subparagraph (C), for a vessel built on or before the date that is 3 years after date the Secretary terminates such exemption; or (ii) upon entry into the navigable waters of the United States for a vessel that is built after the date that is 3 years after the date the Secretary requires compliance under subparagraph (C) for such class of vessels. (F) R
EPORT .—Not less than 60 days after a determination by the Secretary under sub-paragraph (C)(iv), the Secretary shall pro-vide a report to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives describing how the costs were considered in the assessment required by that subparagraph. (c) R
ECEPTION FACILITIES ; T RANSFER  S
TANDARDS .—The Secretary, in coordination with the Administrator, may promulgate standards for the arrangements necessary on a vessel to transfer ballast water to a facil-ity. SEC. 905. APPROVAL OF BALLAST WATER MAN-AGEMENT SYSTEMS. 
(a) B ALLAST WATER MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS  T
HAT RENDER ORGANISMS NONVIABLE .—Not- withstanding chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, part 151 of title 33, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or similar successor regu-lations), and part 162 of title 46, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or similar successor regu-lations), a ballast water management system that renders nonviable organisms in ballast water at the concentrations prescribed in the ballast water discharge standard shall be ap-proved by the Secretary, if— (1) such system— (A) undergoes type approval testing at an independent laboratory designated by the Secretary under such regulations; and (B) meets the requirements of subpart 162.060 of title 46, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or similar successor regulations), other than the requirements related to stain-ing methods or measuring the concentration of living organisms; and (2) such laboratory uses a testing method described in a final policy letter published under subsection (c)(3). (b) P
ROHIBITION ON BIOCIDES .—The Sec-retary shall not approve a ballast water management system under subsection (a) or subpart 162.060 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations (or similar successor regula-tions), if such system— (1) uses a biocide or generates a biocide that is a pesticide, as defined in section 2 of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136), unless the biocide is registered under that Act or the Administrator has approved the use of the biocide in such ballast water management system; or (2) uses or generates a biocide the dis-charge of which causes or contributes to a violation of a water quality standard under section 303 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1313). (c) A
PPROVAL TESTING METHODS .— (1) D
RAFT POLICY .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Ad-ministrator, shall publish a draft policy let-ter, based on the best available science, de-scribing type approval testing methods and protocols for ballast water management sys-tems that may be used in addition to the methods established in subpart 162.060 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations (or similar successor regulations)— (A) to measure the concentration of orga-nisms in ballast water that are capable of re-production; (B) to certify the performance of each bal-last water management system under this section; and (C) to certify laboratories to evaluate such treatment technologies. (2) P
UBLIC COMMENT .—The Secretary shall provide for a period of not more than 60 days for the public to comment on the draft pol-icy letter published under paragraph (1). (3) F
INAL POLICY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 150 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Ad-ministrator, shall publish a final policy let-ter describing type approval testing methods for ballast water management systems capa-ble of measuring the concentration of orga-nisms in ballast water that are capable of re-production based on the best available science that may be used in addition to the methods established in subpart 162.060 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations (or similar successor regulations). (B) R
EVISIONS .—The Secretary shall revise the final policy letter published under sub-paragraph (A) as additional testing methods are determined by the Secretary, in coordi-nation with the Administrator, to be capable of measuring the concentration of organisms in ballast water that are capable of reproduc-tion. (C) CONSIDERATIONS .—In developing a pol-icy letter under this paragraph, the Sec-retary, in coordination with the Adminis-trator— (i) shall consider a testing method that uses organism grow out and most probable number statistical analysis to determine the concentration of organisms in ballast water that are capable of reproduction; and (ii) shall not consider a testing method that relies on a staining method that meas-ures the concentration of organisms greater than or equal to 10 micrometers and orga-nisms less than or equal to 50 micrometers. 
SEC. 906. REVIEW AND RAISING OF BALLAST WATER DISCHARGE STANDARD. 
(a) S TRINGENCY REVIEWS .— (1) S
IX-YEAR REVIEW .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 2024, and subject to petitions for review under paragraph (3), the Secretary, in con-currence with the Administrator, shall com-plete a review to determine whether, based on the application of the best available tech-nology economically achievable and oper-ationally practicable, the ballast water dis-charge standard can be revised such that bal-last water discharged in the normal oper-ation of a vessel contains— (i) less than 1 organism that is living or has not been rendered nonviable per 10 cubic meters that is 50 or more micrometers in minimum dimension; (ii) less than 1 organism that is living or has not been rendered nonviable per 10 milli-liters that is less than 50 micrometers in minimum dimension and more than 10 mi-crometers in minimum dimension; (iii) concentrations of indicator microbes that are less than— (I) 1 colony-forming unit of toxicogenic Vibrio cholera (serotypes O1 and O139) per 100 milliliters or less than 1 colony-forming unit of that microbe per gram of wet weight of zoological samples; (II) 126 colony-forming units of escherichia coli per 100 milliliters; and (III) 33 colony-forming units of intestinal enterococci per 100 milliliters; and (iv) concentrations of such additional indi-cator microbes and of viruses as may be specified in regulations issued by the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Adminis-trator and such other Federal agencies as the Secretary and the Administrator con-sider appropriate. (B) A
LTERNATIVE REVISED STANDARD .—If the Secretary, in concurrence with the Ad-ministrator, finds— (i) that the ballast water discharge stand-ard cannot be revised to reflect the level of stringency set forth in subparagraph (A), the Secretary, in concurrence with the Adminis-trator, shall determine whether the applica-tion of the best available technology eco-nomically achievable and operationally prac-ticable would result in a reduction of the risk of introduction or establishment of aquatic nuisance species such that the bal-last water discharge standard can be revised to be more stringent than the standard set forth in section 151.2030 or 151.1511 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act; or (ii) that the application of best available technology economically achievable and operationally practicable would result in a reduction of the risk of introduction or es-tablishment of aquatic nuisance species such that the ballast water discharge standard can be revised to be more stringent than the standard under subparagraph (A) with re-spect to a class of vessels, the Secretary, in concurrence with the Administrator, shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2183 April 16, 2018 
determine which revisions to the ballast water discharge standard shall be made for that class of vessels to incorporate such more stringent standard. (C) O
PERATIONALLY PRACTICABLE .—In deter- mining operational practicability under this subsection, the Secretary, in concurrence with the Administrator, shall consider— (i) whether a ballast water management system is— (I) effective and reliable in the shipboard environment; (II) compatible with the design and oper-ation of a commercial vessel by class, type, and size; (III) commercially available; and (IV) safe; (ii) whether testing protocols can be prac-ticably implemented that can assure accu-rate measurement of compliance with the ballast water discharge standard as proposed to be revised; and (iii) other criteria that the Secretary, in concurrence with Administrator, considers appropriate. (2) T
EN-YEAR REVIEWS .—Not later than Jan-uary 1, 2034, not less frequently than every 10 years thereafter, and subject to petitions for review under paragraph (3), the Secretary, in concurrence with the Administrator, shall conduct a review to determine whether the application of the best available technology economically achievable and operationally practicable as described in paragraph (1)(C) results in a reduction in the risk of the in-troduction or establishment of aquatic nui-sance species such that the ballast water dis-charge standard can be revised to be more stringent. (3) S
TATE PETITIONS FOR REVIEW .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Governor of a State may submit a petition requesting the Sec-retary to conduct a review under paragraph (1) or (2) if there is new information that could reasonably indicate the ballast water discharge standard could be made more stringent to reduce the risk of the introduc-tion or establishment of aquatic nuisance species. (B) T
IMING .—A Governor may not submit a petition under subparagraph (A) during the 1-year period following the date of comple-tion of a review under paragraph (1) or (2). (C) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .—A petition submitted to the Secretary under subpara-graph (A) shall include— (i) a proposed ballast water discharge standard that would result in a reduction in the risk of the introduction or establishment of aquatic nuisance species; (ii) information regarding any ballast water management systems that may achieve the proposed ballast water discharge standard; (iii) the scientific and technical informa-tion on which the petition is based, including a description of the risk reduction that would result from the proposed ballast water discharge standard included under clause (i); and (iv) any additional information the Sec-retary considers appropriate. (D) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Upon receiving a petition under subparagraph (A), the Sec-retary shall make publicly available a copy of the petition, including the information in-cluded under subparagraph (C). (E) T
REATMENT OF MORE THAN ONE PETITION  
AS A SINGLE PETITION .—The Secretary may treat more than one petition submitted under subparagraph (A) as a single such peti-tion. (F) A
UTHORITY TO REVIEW .—After receiving a petition that meets the requirements of this paragraph, the Secretary, in concur-rence with the Administrator, may conduct a review under paragraph (1) or (2) as the Secretary, in concurrence with the Adminis-trator, determines appropriate. (4) ISSUANCE OF REVISED BALLAST WATER  
DISCHARGE STANDARD .—The Secretary shall issue a rule to revise the ballast water dis-charge standard if the Secretary, in concur-rence with the Administrator, determines on the basis of the review under paragraph (1) or (2) that— (A) a ballast water management system that is capable of achieving the ballast water discharge standard as proposed to be revised is the best available technology economi-cally achievable and operationally prac-ticable; and (B) testing protocols can be practicably implemented that can assure accurate meas-urement of compliance with the ballast water discharge standard as proposed to be revised. (5) R
EQUIREMENT .—Any revised ballast water discharge standard issued in the rule under paragraph (4) shall be more stringent than the ballast water discharge standard it replaces. (6) S
TANDARD NOT REVISED .—If the Sec-retary, in concurrence with the Adminis-trator, determines that the requirements of this subsection have not been satisfied, the Secretary shall publish a description of how such determination was made. (b) R
EVISED BALLAST WATER DISCHARGE  S
TANDARD EFFECTIVE DATE AND COMPLIANCE  D
EADLINE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary issues a rule to revise the ballast water discharge standard under subsection (a), the Secretary shall include in such rule— (A) an effective date for the revised ballast discharge standard that is 3 years after the date on which such rule is published in the Federal Register; and (B) for the owner or operator of a commer-cial vessel that is constructed or completes a major conversion on or after the date that is 3 years after the date on which such rule is published in the Federal Register, a deadline to comply with the revised ballast water dis-charge standard that is the first day on which such commercial vessel operates in navigable waters of the United States. (2) V
ESSEL SPECIFIC COMPLIANCE DEAD -
LINES .—The Secretary may establish a dead-line for compliance by a commercial vessel (or a class, type, or size of commercial ves-sel) with a revised ballast water discharge standard that is different than the general deadline established under paragraph (1). (3) E
XTENSIONS .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a process for an owner or operator to submit an application to the Secretary for an extension of a compliance deadline estab-lished under paragraphs (1) and (2). (4) A
PPLICATION FOR EXTENSION .—An owner or operator shall submit an application for an extension under paragraph (3) not less than 90 days prior to the applicable compli-ance deadline established under paragraph (1) or (2). (5) F
ACTORS .—In reviewing an application under this subsection, the Secretary shall consider, with respect to the ability of an owner or operator to meet a compliance deadline— (A) whether the ballast water management system to be installed, if applicable, is avail-able in sufficient quantities to meet the compliance deadline; (B) whether there is sufficient shipyard or other installation facility capacity; (C) whether there is sufficient availability of engineering and design resources; (D) commercial vessel characteristics, such as engine room size, layout, or a lack of in-stalled piping; (E) electric power generating capacity aboard the commercial vessel; (F) the safety of the commercial vessel and crew; and (G) any other factor that the Secretary de-termines appropriate. (6) CONSIDERATION OF EXTENSIONS .— (A) D
ETERMINATIONS .—The Secretary shall approve or deny an application for an exten-sion of a compliance deadline submitted by an owner or operator under this subsection. (B) D
EADLINE .—The Secretary shall— (i) acknowledge receipt of an application for an extension submitted under paragraph (4) not later than 30 days after the date of re-ceipt of the application; and (ii) to the extent practicable, approve or deny such an application not later than 90 days after the date of receipt of the applica-tion. (C) F
AILURE TO REVIEW .—If the Secretary does not approve or deny an application de-scribed in subparagraph (A) on or before the last day of the 90-day period beginning on the date of submission of the petition, the petition shall be conditionally approved. (7) P
ERIOD OF EXTENSIONS .—An extension granted to an owner or operator under para-graph (3)— (A) may be granted for an initial period of not more than 18 months; (B) may be renewed for additional periods of not more than 18 months each; and (C) may not be in effect for a total of more than 5 years. (8) P
ERIOD OF USE OF INSTALLED BALLAST  
WATER MANAGEMENT SYSTEM .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), an owner or operator shall be considered to be in compliance with the ballast water discharge standard if— (i) the ballast water management system installed on the commercial vessel complies with the ballast water discharge standard in effect at the time of installation, notwith-standing any revisions to the ballast water discharge standard occurring after the in-stallation; (ii) the ballast water management system is maintained in proper working condition, as determined by the Secretary; (iii) the ballast water management system is maintained and used in accordance with the manufacturer’s specifications; and (iv) the ballast water management system continues to meet the ballast water dis-charge standard applicable to the commer-cial vessel at the time of installation, as de-termined by the Secretary. (B) L
IMITATION .—Subparagraph (A) shall cease to apply with respect to a commercial vessel after— (i) the expiration of the service life of the ballast water management system of the commercial vessel, as determined by the Secretary; (ii) the expiration of the service life of the commercial vessel, as determined by the Secretary; or (iii) the completion of a major conversion of the commercial vessel. 
SEC. 907. NATIONAL BALLAST INFORMATION CLEARINGHOUSE. 
Subsection (f) of section 1102 of the Non-indigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4712(f)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) N
ATIONAL BALLAST INFORMATION  C
LEARINGHOUSE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall de-velop and maintain, in consultation and co-operation with the Task Force and the Smithsonian Institution (acting through the Smithsonian Environmental Research Cen-ter), a National Ballast Information Clear-inghouse of national data concerning— ‘‘(A) ballasting practices; ‘‘(B) compliance with the guidelines issued pursuant to section 1101(c); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2184 April 16, 2018 
‘‘(C) any other information obtained by the Task Force pursuant to subsection (b). ‘‘(2) B
ALLAST WATER REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The owner or operator of a commercial vessel subject to this title shall submit the current ballast water man-agement report form approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB 1625–0069 or a subsequent form) to the National Bal-last Information Clearinghouse not later than 6 hours after the arrival of such vessel at a United States port or place, unless such vessel is operating exclusively on a voyage between ports or places within a single Cap-tain of the Port Zone. ‘‘(B) M
ULTIPLE DISCHARGES WITHIN A SINGLE  
PORT .—The owner or operator of a commer-cial vessel subject to this title may submit a single report under subparagraph (A) for multiple ballast water discharges within a single port during the same voyage. ‘‘(C) A
DVANCED REPORT TO STATES .—A State may require the owner or operator of a commercial vessel subject to this title to submit directly to the State a ballast water management report form— ‘‘(i) not later than 24 hours prior to arrival at a United States port or place of destina-tion if the voyage of such vessel is antici-pated to exceed 24 hours; or ‘‘(ii) before departing the port or place of departure if the voyage of such vessel is not anticipated to exceed 24 hours. ‘‘(3) C
OMMERCIAL VESSEL REPORTING DATA .— ‘‘(A) D
ISSEMINATION TO STATES .—Upon re- ceiving submission of a ballast water man-agement report required under paragraph (2), the National Ballast Information Clearing-house shall— ‘‘(i) in the case of forms submitted elec-tronically, immediately disseminate the re-port to interested States; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of forms submitted by means other than electronically, dissemi-nate the report to interested States as soon as practicable. ‘‘(B) A
VAILABILITY TO THE PUBLIC .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the re-ceipt of a ballast water management report required under paragraph (2), the National Ballast Information Clearinghouse shall make the data in such report fully and read-ily available to the public in searchable and fully retrievable electronic formats. ‘‘(4) R
EPORT .—In consultation and coopera-tion with the Task Force and the Smithso-nian Institution (acting through the Smith-sonian Environmental Research Center), the Secretary shall prepare and submit to the Task Force and the appropriate committees of Congress and make available to the pub-lic, on a biennial basis not later than 180 days from the end of each odd numbered cal-endar year, a report that synthesizes and analyzes the data referred to in paragraph (1) for the previous 2 years to evaluate nation-wide status and trends relating to— ‘‘(A) ballast water delivery and manage-ment; and ‘‘(B) invasions of aquatic nuisance species resulting from ballast water. ‘‘(5) W
ORKING GROUP .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act, the Secretary shall establish a working group that includes members from the National Ballast Informa-tion Clearinghouse and States with ballast water management programs to establish a process for compiling and readily sharing Federal and State commercial vessel report-ing and enforcement data regarding compli-ance with this Act. ‘‘(6) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘ap-propriate committees of Congress’ means the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives.’’. SEC. 908. REQUIREMENTS FOR DISCHARGES INCI-DENTAL TO THE NORMAL OPER-ATION OF A COMMERCIAL VESSEL. 
(a) M ANAGEMENT OF INCIDENTAL DISCHARGE  
FORCOMMERCIAL VESSELS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in concurrence with the Ad-ministrator and in consultation with the States, shall publish a final rule in the Fed-eral Register that establishes best manage-ment practices for discharges incidental to the normal operation of a commercial vessel for commercial vessels that— (A) are greater than or equal to 79 feet in length; (B) are not fishing vessels, including fish processing vessels and fish tender vessels (as such terms are defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code); and (C) are not subject to the best management practices required under section 909. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The best management prac-tices established under paragraph (1) shall— (A) mitigate the adverse impacts on the marine environment from discharges inci-dental to the normal operation of a commer-cial vessel and aquatic invasive species; (B) use marine pollution control devices when appropriate; (C) be economically achievable and oper-ationally practicable; and (D) not compromise the safety of a com-mercial vessel. (3) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall implement the best management practices established by final rule under paragraph (1) not later than 60 days after the date on which the final rule is published in the Fed-eral Register as required under such para-graph. (b) T
RANSITION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sec-tion 909(c) and notwithstanding the expira-tion date for the General Permit, any prac-tice, limitation, or concentration applicable to any discharge incidental to the normal operation of a commercial vessel that is re-quired by the General Permit on the date of the enactment of this Act, and any reporting requirement required by the General Permit on such date of enactment, shall remain in effect until the implementation date under subsection (a)(3). (2) P
ART 6 CONDITIONS .—Except as provided in section 909(c) and notwithstanding para-graph (1) and any other provision of law, the terms and conditions of Part 6 of the General Permit (relating to specific requirements for individual States or Indian country lands) shall expire on the implementation date under subsection (a)(3). (c) A
PPLICATION TO CERTAIN VESSELS .— (1) A
PPLICATION OF FEDERAL WATER POLLU -
TION CONTROL ACT .—No permit shall be re-quired under section 402 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1342) or pro-hibition enforced under any other provision of law for, nor shall any best management practice regarding a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a commercial vessel under this title apply to, a discharge inci-dental to the normal operation of a commer-cial vessel if the commercial vessel— (A) is less than 79 feet in length; or (B) is a fishing vessel, including a fish processing vessel or fish tender vessel (as such terms are defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code). (2) A
PPLICATION OF GENERAL PERMIT AND  
SMALL VESSEL GENERAL PERMIT .—The terms and conditions of the General Permit and the Small Vessel General Permit shall cease to apply to vessels described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1) on and after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) REVIEW AND REVISION .—The Secretary, in concurrence with the Administrator and in consultation with the States, shall— (1) review the practices and standards es-tablished under subsection (a) not less fre-quently than once every 10 years; and (2) revise such practices consistent with the elements described in paragraph (2) of such subsection. (e) S
TATE PETITION FOR REVISION OF BEST M
ANAGEMENT PRACTICES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Governor of a State may submit a petition to the Secretary re-questing that the Secretary, in concurrence with the Administrator, revise a best man-agement practice established under sub-section (a) if there is new information that could reasonably indicate that— (A) revising the best management practice would— (i) mitigate the adverse impacts on the ma-rine environment from discharges incidental to the normal operation of a commercial ves-sel or from aquatic invasive species; and (ii) reduce the adverse effects on navigable waters of the United States of discharges in-cidental to the normal operation of a com-mercial vessel; and (B) the revised best management practice would be economically achievable and oper-ationally practicable. (2) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .—A petition sub-mitted to the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) the scientific and technical informa-tion on which the petition is based; and (B) any additional information the Sec-retary and Administrator consider appro-priate. (3) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Upon receiving a petition under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall make publicly available a copy of the petition, including the information included under paragraph (2). (4) T
REATMENT OF MORE THAN ONE PETITION  
AS A SINGLE PETITION .—The Secretary may treat more than one petition submitted under paragraph (1) as a single petition. (5) R
EVISION OF BEST MANAGEMENT PRAC -
TICES .—If, after reviewing a petition sub-mitted by a Governor under paragraph (1), the Secretary, in concurrence with the Ad-ministrator, determines that revising a best management practice would mitigate the ad-verse impacts on the marine environment from discharges incidental to the normal op-eration of a commercial vessel or from aquatic invasive species, the Secretary, in concurrence with the Administrator and in consultation with the States, shall revise such practice consistent with the elements described in subsection (a)(2). (f) R
EPEAL OF NOPERMIT REQUIREMENT .— Public Law 110–299 (33 U.S.C. 1342 note) is amended by striking section 2. 
SEC. 909. BEST MANAGEMENT PRACTICES FOR GREAT LAKES VESSELS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in concurrence with the Adminis-trator, shall publish a final rule in the Fed-eral Register that establishes best manage-ment practices for— (1) ballast water for commercial vessels op-erating in navigable waters of the United States within the Great Lakes and Saint Lawrence River; and (2) discharges incidental to the normal op-eration of a commercial vessel in navigable waters of the United States for commercial vessels operating in the Great Lakes and Saint Lawrence River that— (A) are greater than or equal to 79 feet in length; and (B) are not fishing vessels, including fish processing vessels and fish tender vessels (as such terms are defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2185 April 16, 2018 
(b) E LEMENTS .—The Secretary, in concur-rence with the Administrator and in con-sultation with the Governors of the Great Lakes States and the owners or operators of commercial vessels described in subsection (a), shall ensure that the best management practices established under subsection (a)— (1) mitigate the adverse impacts on the marine environment from discharges inci-dental to the normal operation of a commer-cial vessel and aquatic invasive species; (2) use marine pollution control devices when appropriate; (3) are economically achievable and oper-ationally practicable; (4) do not compromise the safety of a com-mercial vessel; and (5) to the extent possible, apply consist-ently to all navigable waters of the United States within the Great Lakes and Saint Lawrence River. (c) T
RANSITION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the expi-ration date for the General Permit and to the extent to which they do not conflict with section 904(b), the following best manage-ment practices applicable to commercial ves-sels described in subsection (a) shall remain in effect until the date on which the best management practices described in such sub-section are implemented under subsection (g)(1): (A) Best management practices required by Part 2 of the General Permit. (B) Such other practices as required by the Secretary. (2) P
ART 6 BEST MANAGEMENT PRACTICES .— Notwithstanding the expiration date for the General Permit and to the extent to which they do not conflict with section 904(b), the best management practices described by the sections in Part 6 of the General Permit ap-plicable to the Great Lakes States that are applicable to commercial vessels described in subsection (a) shall expire on the date on which the best management practices de-scribed in subsection (a) are implemented under subsection (g)(1). (d) O
UTREACH .—The Secretary shall solicit recommendations and information from the Great Lakes States, Indian Tribes, owners and operators of vessels described in sub-section (a), and other persons that the Sec-retary considers appropriate in developing best management practices under subsection (a). (e) R
EVIEW AND REVISION OF BEST PRAC-
TICES .—Not less frequently than once every 5 years, the Secretary, in coordination with the Administrator, shall review the best management practices established under subsection (a) and revise such practices by rule published in the Federal Register con-sistent with subsections (b) and (d). (f) R
EVISED PRACTICES BY STATE PETI-
TION.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Governor of a Great Lakes State may petition the Secretary to revise the best management practices estab-lished under subsection (a), including by em-ploying additional best management prac-tices, consistent with the elements described in subsection (b), to address new and emerg-ing aquatic nuisance species or pollution threats, implement more effective practices, or update guidelines to harmonize require-ments on owners and operators of commer-cial vessels described in subsection (a). (2) D
ETERMINATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after receiving a petition under paragraph (1), the Secretary, in coordination with the Administrator, shall determine which, if any, best management practices included in such petition shall be required of commer-cial vessels described in subsection (a). (B) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall consult with the Governors of other Great Lakes States and owners or operators of commercial vessels that would be subject to best management practices pursuant to paragraph (1) before making a determination under subparagraph (A). (3) TREATMENT OF PETITION .—The Secretary may treat more than one petition submitted under paragraph (1) as a single petition. (4) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary shall make publicly available a petition and any supporting documentation submitted under paragraph (1) for not less than 60 days prior to approving or disapproving such peti-tion. (g) I
MPLEMENTATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall im-plement the best management practices es-tablished by final rule under subsection (a) not later than 60 days after the date on which the final rule is published in the Fed-eral Register as required by such subsection. (2) I
MPLEMENTATION OF PRACTICES BY STATE  
PETITION .—Not later than 90 days after mak-ing a determination under subsection (f)(2), the Secretary shall, by rule published in the Federal Register, require commercial vessels that would be subject to the revised best management practices described in such sub-section to implement such practices. (h) E
MERGENCY BEST MANAGEMENT PRAC-
TICES .—The Secretary, in concurrence with the Administrator, may establish emergency best management practices if the Secretary, in concurrence with the Administrator, de-termines that such emergency best manage-ment practices are necessary to reduce the risk of introduction or establishment of aquatic nuisance species. (i) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary shall make publicly available any deter-mination made under this section. 
SEC. 910. JUDICIAL REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—A person may file a peti-tion for review of a final rule or a final agen-cy action issued under this title in the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-trict of Columbia Circuit. (b) D
EADLINE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A petition shall be filed under this section not later than 120 days after the date on which the final rule to be reviewed is published in the Federal Register or the final agency action is issued, as the case may be. (2) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding para-graph (1), a petition that is based solely on grounds that arise after the deadline to file a petition under paragraph (1) has passed may be filed not later than 120 days after the date on which such grounds first arise. 
SEC. 911. STATE ENFORCEMENT. 
(a) S TATE AUTHORITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Gov-ernors of the States, shall develop and pub-lish Federal and State inspection, data man-agement, and enforcement procedures for the enforcement of standards and requirements under this title by States. (2) P
ROCEDURES .—Procedures developed and published under paragraph (1)— (A) may be periodically updated; (B) shall describe the conditions and proce-dures under which the Secretary may sus-pend the agreement described in paragraph (3); and (C) shall have a mechanism for the Sec-retary to provide to the Governor of a State, if requested by the Governor, access to Auto-mated Identification System arrival data for inbound vessels to specific ports or places of destination in the State. (3) S
TATE ENFORCEMENT .—The Secretary shall enter into an agreement with the Gov-ernor of a State to authorize the State to in-spect vessels to enforce the provisions of this title in accordance with the procedures de-veloped under paragraph (1). (b) FEES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (2), (3), and (4), a State that assesses a permit fee, inspection fee, or other fee related to the regulation of ballast water or a discharge in-cidental to the normal operation of a com-mercial vessel before the date of the enact-ment of this Act may assess a fee to cover the costs of program administration, inspec-tion, and enforcement activities by the State. (2) M
AXIMUM FEE .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), a State may assess a fee under this subsection of not more than $1,000 per qualifying voyage to the owner or operator of a commercial vessel arriving at a port or place of destination in the State. (3) C
OMMERCIAL VESSELS ENGAGED IN COAST -
WISE TRADE .—A State may not assess more than $5,000 in fees per vessel each year to the owner or operator of a commercial vessel registered under the laws of the United States and lawfully engaged in the coastwise trade. (4) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—A State may adjust a fee authorized by this sub-section every 5 years to reflect the percent-age by which the Consumer Price Index for all urban consumers published by the De-partment of Labor for the month of October immediately preceding the date of adjust-ment exceeds the Consumer Price Index for all urban consumers published by the De-partment of Labor for the month of October that immediately precedes the date that is 5 years before the date of adjustment. (5) Q
UALIFYING VOYAGE .—In this sub-section, the term ‘‘qualifying voyage’’ means a vessel arrival at a port or place of destina-tion in a State by a commercial vessel that has operated outside of that State and ex-cludes movement entirely within a single port or place of destination. (c) E
FFECT ON STATE AUTHORITY .—Except as provided in subsection (a) and as nec-essary to implement an agreement entered into under such subsection, no State or po-litical subdivision thereof may adopt or en-force any statute, regulation, or other re-quirement of the State or political subdivi-sion with respect to— (1) a discharge into navigable waters of the United States from a commercial vessel of ballast water; or (2) a discharge into navigable waters of the United States incidental to the normal oper-ation of a commercial vessel. (d) P
RESERVATION OF AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this title may be construed as affecting the authority of a State or political subdivi-sion thereof to adopt or enforce any statute, regulation, or other requirement with re-spect to any water or other substance dis-charged or emitted from a vessel in prepara-tion for transport of the vessel by land from one body of water to another body of water. 
SEC. 912. EFFECT ON OTHER LAWS. 
(a) A PPLICATION OF FEDERAL WATER POLLU -
TION CONTROL ACT.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sec-tions 908(b) and 909(c) of this title, or in sec-tion 159.309 of title 33, Code of Federal Regu-lations (or similar successor regulations), on and after the date of the enactment of this Act, section 402 of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1342) shall not apply to a discharge into navigable waters of the United States of ballast water from a commercial vessel or a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a commercial ves-sel. (2) O
IL AND HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCE LIABIL -
ITY; MARINE SANITATION DEVICES .—Nothing in this title may be construed as affecting the application to a commercial vessel of section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2186 April 16, 2018 
311 or 312 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321; 1322). (b) E
STABLISHED REGIMES .—Notwith- standing any other provision of this title, nothing in this title may be construed as af-fecting the authority of the Federal Govern-ment under— (1) the Act to Prevent Pollution from Ships (33 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.) with respect to the regulation by the Federal Government of any discharge or emission that, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, is cov-ered under— (A) the Protocol of 1978 Relating to the International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships, 1973, with annexes and protocols, done at London February 17, 1978; or (B) title XIV of division B of the Consoli-dated Appropriations Act, 2001 (33 U.S.C. 1901 note); (2) title X of the Coast Guard Authoriza-tion Act of 2010 (33 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.) with respect to the regulation by the Federal Gov-ernment of any anti-fouling system that, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, is covered under the International Con-vention on the Control of Harmful Anti-foul-ing Systems on Ships, 2001, done at London October 5, 2001; and (3) section 312 of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322). (c) I
NTERNATIONAL LAW.—Any action taken under this title shall be taken in accordance with international law. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The Non-indigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 1101(c)(2) (16 U.S.C. 4711(c)(2))— (A) by striking subparagraph (L); and (B) in subparagraph (K), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; and (2) in section 1205 (16 U.S.C. 4725), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Ballast water and discharges incidental to the normal oper-ation of a commercial vessel, as such terms are defined in the Vessel Incidental Dis-charge Act, shall be regulated pursuant to such Act.’’. 
SEC. 913. QUAGGA MUSSEL. 
The Secretary of the Interior shall pre-scribe by regulation that the quagga mussel (Dreissena rostriformis bugensis) is a species that is injurious under section 42 of title 18, United States Code. 
SEC. 914. COASTAL AQUATIC INVASIVE SPECIES MITIGATION GRANT PROGRAM AND MITIGATION FUND. 
(a) C OASTAL AQUATIC INVASIVE SPECIES  M
ITIGATION GRANT PROGRAM .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) C
OASTAL ZONE .—The term ‘‘coastal zone’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 304 of the Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1453). (B) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means a State government, local government, Indian Tribe, nongovernmental organization, or academic institution. (C) E
XCLUSIVE ECONOMIC ZONE .—The term ‘‘Exclusive Economic Zone’’ means the Ex-clusive Economic Zone of the United States, as established by Presidential Proclamation 5030 of March 10, 1983 (16 U.S.C. 1453 note). (D) F
OUNDATION .—The term ‘‘Foundation’’ means the National Fish and Wildlife Foun-dation established by section 2(a) of the Na-tional Fish and Wildlife Foundation Estab-lishment Act (16 U.S.C. 3701(a)). (E) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘‘Program’’ means the Coastal Aquatic Invasive Species Mitiga-tion Grant Program established under para-graph (2). (2) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of Commerce and the Foundation shall estab-lish the Coastal Aquatic Invasive Species Mitigation Grant Program to award grants to eligible entities, as described in this sub-section. (3) PURPOSES .—The purposes of the Pro-gram are— (A) to improve the understanding, preven-tion, and mitigation of, and response to, aquatic invasive species in the coastal zone and the Exclusive Economic Zone; (B) to support the prevention and mitiga-tion of impacts from aquatic invasive species in the coastal zone of the United States; and (C) to support the restoration of marine, estuarine, Pacific Island habitats, and the Great Lakes environments in the coastal zone and the Exclusive Economic Zone that are impacted by aquatic invasive species. (4) U
SE OF GRANTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A grant awarded under the Program shall be used for an activity to carry out the purposes of the Program, in-cluding an activity— (i) to develop and implement procedures and programs to prevent, control, mitigate, or progressively eradicate aquatic invasive species in the coastal zone or the Exclusive Economic Zone, particularly in areas with high numbers of established aquatic invasive species; (ii) to restore habitat impacted by an aquatic invasive species; (iii) to develop new shipboard and land- based ballast water treatment system tech-nologies and performance standards to pre-vent the introduction of aquatic invasive species; (iv) to develop mitigation measures to pro-tect natural and cultural living resources, including shellfish, from the impacts of aquatic invasive species; or (v) to develop mitigation measures to pro-tect infrastructure, such as hydroelectric in-frastructure, from aquatic invasive species. (B) P
ROHIBITION ON FUNDING LITIGATION .—A grant awarded under the Program may not be used to fund litigation in any matter. (5) A
DMINISTRATION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Foundation, in consultation with the Secretary of Commerce, shall establish the following: (A) Application and review procedures for awarding grants under the Program. (B) Approval procedures for awarding grants under the Program. Such procedures shall require consultation with the Sec-retary of the Interior and the Administrator. (C) Performance accountability and moni-toring measures for activities funded by a grant awarded under the Program. (D) Procedures and methods to ensure ac-curate accounting and appropriate adminis-tration of grants awarded under the Pro-gram, including standards of record keeping. (6) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .—Each eligible entity awarded a grant under the Program to carry out an activity shall provide matching funds to carry out such activity, in cash or through in-kind contributions from sources other than the Federal Government, in an amount equal to 50 percent of the cost of such activity. (7) F
UNDING .—The Secretary of Commerce and the Foundation shall use the amounts available in the Coastal Aquatic Invasive Species Mitigation Fund established under subsection (b), to award grants under the Program. (b) C
OASTAL AQUATIC INVASIVE SPECIES  M
ITIGATION FUND.— (1) C
REATION OF FUND .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a trust fund to be known as the ‘‘Coastal Aquatic Invasive Species Mitigation Fund’’ (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Fund’’), consisting of such amounts as may be appropriated or credited to the Fund as provided in this sec-tion or section 9602 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (2) TRANSFERS TO FUND .— (A) A
PPROPRIATION .—There is authorized to be appropriated from the Treasury to the Fund each fiscal year an amount equal to the penalties assessed under section 903(b) of this title in the prior fiscal year. (B) A
UTHORIZATION OF FURTHER APPROPRIA -
TIONS .—There is authorized to be appro-priated to the Fund, in addition to the amounts transferred to the Fund under para-graph (1), $5,000,000 for each fiscal year. (3) E
XPENDITURES FROM FUND .—Amounts in the Fund shall be available without further appropriation to the Secretary of Commerce and the National Fish and Wildlife Founda-tion established by section 2(a) of the Na-tional Fish and Wildlife Foundation Estab-lishment Act to award grants under the Coastal Aquatic Invasive Species Mitigation Grant Program established under subsection (a)(2). 
SEC. 915. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. 
(a) I NTERNATIONAL STANDARDS .—Nothing in this title may be construed to impose any design, equipment, or operation standard on a commercial vessel not documented under the laws of the United States and engaged in innocent passage unless the standard imple-ments a generally accepted international rule, as determined by the Secretary. (b) O
THER AUTHORITIES .—Nothing in this title may construed as affecting the author-ity of the Secretary of Commerce or the Sec-retary of the Interior to administer lands or waters under the administrative control of the Secretary of Commerce or the Secretary of the Interior. TITLE X—HYDROGRAPHIC SERVICES AND OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 1001. REAUTHORIZATION OF HYDRO-GRAPHIC SERVICES IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 1998. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATIONS .—Section 306 of the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998 (33 U.S.C. 892d) is amended— (1) in the matter before paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘There are’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—There are’’; (2) in subsection (a) (as designated by para-graph (1))— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘surveys— ’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘surveys, $69,627,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2021.’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘vessels— ’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘vessels, $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2021.’’; (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Adminis-tration—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘Admin-istration, $29,932,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2021.’’; (D) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘title—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘title, $26,800,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2021.’’; and (E) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘title—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘title, $30,564,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2021.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) A
RCTIC PROGRAMS .—Of the amount au-thorized by this section for each fiscal year— ‘‘(1) $10,000,000 is authorized for use in the Arctic— ‘‘(A) to acquire hydrographic data; ‘‘(B) to provide hydrographic services; ‘‘(C) to conduct coastal change analyses necessary to ensure safe navigation; ‘‘(D) to improve the management of coast-al change; and ‘‘(E) to reduce risks of harm to subsistence and coastal communities associated with in-creased international maritime traffic; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2187 April 16, 2018 
‘‘(2) $2,000,000 is authorized for use to ac-quire hydrographic data and provide hydro-graphic services in the Arctic necessary to delineate the United States extended Conti-nental Shelf.’’. (b) L
IMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EX-
PENSES FOR SURVEYS .—Section 306 of such Act (33 U.S.C. 892d) is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EX-
PENSES FOR SURVEYS .—Of amounts author-ized by this section for each fiscal year for contract hydrographic surveys, not more than 5 percent is authorized for administra-tive costs associated with contract manage-ment.’’. 
SEC. 1002. SYSTEM FOR TRACKING AND REPORT-ING ALL-INCLUSIVE COST OF HY-DROGRAPHIC SURVEYS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall— (1) develop and implement a system to track and report the full cost to the Depart-ment of Commerce of hydrographic data col-lection, including costs relating to vessel ac-quisition, vessel repair, and administration of contracts to procure data; (2) evaluate measures for comparing cost per unit effort in addition to measures of cost per nautical square mile; and (3) submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report on which additional measures for comparing cost per unit effort the Secretary intends to use and the rationale for such use. (b) D
EVELOPMENT OF STRATEGY FOR IN-
CREASED CONTRACTING WITH NONGOVERN -
MENTAL ENTITIES FOR HYDROGRAPHIC DATA C
OLLECTION .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Secretary completes the activities required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall develop a strategy for how the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration will increase contracting with nongovernmental entities for hydrographic data collection in a manner that is con-sistent with the requirements of the Ocean and Coastal Mapping Integration Act (Public Law 111–11; 33 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.). 
SEC. 1003. HOMEPORT OF CERTAIN RESEARCH VESSELS. 
(a) A CCEPTANCE OF FUNDS AUTHORIZED .— The Secretary of Commerce may accept non- Federal funds for the purpose of the con-struction of a new port facility, including ob-taining such cost estimates, designs, and permits as may be necessary to facilitate the homeporting of the R/V FAIRWEATHER in accordance with title II of the Departments of Commerce, Justice, and State, the Judici-ary, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2002 (Public Law 107–77; 115 Stat. 775) at a location that during such homeporting shall be under the administrative jurisdic-tion of the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere. (b) S
TRATEGIC PLAN REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall develop and submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a strategic plan for implementing subsection (a). (c) A
CCEPTANCE OF FUNDS AUTHORIZED .— The Secretary may accept non-Federal funds for the purpose of the construction of a new port facility, including obtaining such cost estimates, designs, and permits as may be necessary to facilitate the homeporting of a new, existing, or reactivated research vessel in the city of St. Petersburg, Florida, at a lo-cation that during such homeporting shall be under the administrative jurisdiction of the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere. (d) STRATEGIC PLAN REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall develop and submit to Congress a strategic plan for con-struction or acquisition of the facilities needed to allow for an oceanographic re-search vessel to be homeported in St. Peters-burg, Florida. The strategic plan shall in-clude an estimate of funding needed to con-struct such facilities. 
SA 2233. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2232 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself, Mr. N ELSON , and Mr. S
ULLIVAN )) to the bill S. 140, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund; as fol-lows: 
At the end add the following. ‘‘This Act shall take effect 1 day after the date of enactment.’’ 
SA 2234. Mr. McCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill S. 140, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund; as fol-lows: 
At the end add the following. ‘‘This Act shall take effect 2 days after the date of enactment.’’ 
SA 2235. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2234 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill S. 140, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantifica-tion Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘2’’ and insert ‘‘3’’ 
SA 2236. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2235 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 2234 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill S. 140, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund; as fol-lows: 
Strike ‘‘3 days’’ and insert ‘‘4 days’’ 
SA 2237. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 140, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. 4. PROTECTING AMERICAN JOBS ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting American Jobs Act’’. (b) D
UTIES OF THE GENERAL COUNSEL AND  A
DMINISTRATIVE LAWJUDGES .—The National Labor Relations Act (29 U.S.C. 151 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 3(d) (29 U.S.C. 153(d)), by striking ‘‘investigation of charges and issuance of complaints under section 10, and in respect of the prosecution of such com-plaints before the Board’’ and inserting ‘‘in-vestigation of allegations under section 10’’; and (2) in section 4(a) (29 U.S.C. 154(a)), by striking the fourth sentence. (c) CLARIFICATION OF THE BOARD ’SRULE-
MAKING AUTHORITY .—Section 6 of such Act (29 U.S.C. 156) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Such rulemaking author-ity shall be limited to rules concerning the internal functions of the Board. The Board shall not promulgate rules or regulations that affect the substantive or procedural rights of any person, employer, employee, or labor organization, including rules and regu-lations concerning unfair labor practices and representation elections.’’. (d) I
NVESTIGATORY POWER AND ADJUDICA -
TORY AUTHORITY OVERUNFAIR LABOR PRAC-
TICE ALLEGATIONS .—Section 10 of such Act (29 U.S.C. 160) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘prevent any person from engaging in’’ and inserting ‘‘investigate’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘This power shall’’ and all that follows through the end of the sub-section; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘Whenever it is charged’’ and inserting ‘‘Whenever it is alleged’’; (B) by striking ‘‘or is engaging in’’ and in-serting ‘‘, is engaging in, or is about to en-gage in’’; (C) by striking ‘‘the Board, or any agent’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Provided, That no complaint shall issue’’ and inserting ‘‘the aggrieved person may bring a civil action for such relief (including an injunction) as may be appropriate. Any such civil action may be brought in the district court of the United States where the violation occurred, or, at the option of the parties, in the United States District Court for the District of Co-lumbia. No civil action may be brought’’; (D) by striking ‘‘charge with the Board’’ and all that follows through ‘‘prevented from filing such charge’’ and inserting ‘‘civil ac-tion, unless the person aggrieved thereby was prevented from filing such civil action’’; and (E) by striking ‘‘Any such complaint may be amended’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Any such proceeding shall, so far as prac-ticable,’’ and inserting ‘‘Any proceeding under this subsection shall’’; (3) by striking subsections (c) through (k); (4) by redesignating subsections (l) and (m) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; (5) in subsection (c) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking ‘‘Whenever it is charged’’ and inserting ‘‘Whenever it is alleged’’; (B) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘charge’’ and inserting ‘‘allegation’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘such charge is true and that a complaint should issue, he shall’’ and all that follows through the end of the sub-section and inserting ‘‘such allegation is true, the officer or regional attorney shall, on behalf of the Board, submit a written summary of the findings to all parties in-volved in the alleged unfair labor practice.’’; and (6) in subsection (d) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking ‘‘Whenever it is charged’’ and inserting ‘‘Whenever it is alleged’’; (B) by striking ‘‘such charge’’ and insert-ing ‘‘such allegation’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘and cases given priority under subsection (i)’’. (e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Na- tional Labor Relations Act (29 U.S.C. 151 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 9 (29 U.S.C. 159)— (A) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘and in no case shall the Board’’ and all that follows through the end of such subsection and in-serting a period; (B) by striking subsection (d); and (C) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (d); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.026 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2188 April 16, 2018 
(2) in section 3(b) (29 U.S.C. 153(b)), by striking ‘‘or (e) of section 9’’ and inserting ‘‘or (d) of section 9’’; (3) in section 8 (29 U.S.C. 158), by striking ‘‘9(e)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘9(d)’’; and (4) in section 18 (29 U.S.C. 168), by striking ‘‘section 10 (e) or (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (e) or (f) of section 10, as such sub-sections were in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Protecting Amer-ican Jobs Act,’’. (f) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this section, the National Labor Relations Board shall re-view all regulations promulgated before such date of enactment and revise or rescind any such regulations as necessary to implement the amendment made by subsection (c). f 
ELECTING MICHAEL C. STENGER AS SERGEANT AT ARMS AND DOORKEEPER OF THE SENATE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 465, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 465) electing Michael C. Stenger as Sergeant at Arms and Door-keeper of the Senate. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 465) was agreed to. (The resolution is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolu-tions.’’) 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now proceed to the en bloc consid-eration of the following Senate resolu-tions, which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 466, S. Res. 467, and S. Res. 468. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lutions be agreed to, the preamble, where applicable, be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolutions (S. Res. 466 and S. Res. 467) were agreed to. (The resolutions are printed in to-day’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Reso-lutions.’’) The resolution (S. Res. 468) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, APRIL 17, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, April 17; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed. I further ask that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate pro-ceed to executive session to consider the Muniz nomination under the pre-vious order, with the time until 12:30 p.m. equally divided between the two leaders or their designees; finally, I ask that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the re-marks of Senator U
DALL . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from New Mexico. 
f 
INDIAN AFFAIRS LEGISLATION Mr. UDALL. I thank the Presiding Officer for the recognition. Madam President, I rise today as the ranking member on the Senate Indian Affairs Committee. In our parlance on the committee, it is called the vice chair. Normally, our committee is very bipartisan. It was not so in this case today. In the debate, it was mentioned that this was a negotiated package. It was not. I was not asked for input as the vice chair of the committee. Noth-ing about this bill sent over from the House was negotiated with me. For the first time in 10 years, this body has just considered a bill from the Committee on Indian Affairs using a cloture filing and valuable floor time. Let me repeat that. For the first time in 10 years, this Chamber just debated an Indian Affairs bill using valuable floor time and not unanimous consent. For a Senate majority, floor time and cloture filings are the coin of the realm, and this is the first time in 10 years that it is being spent on a Tribal issue. Over this decade, during which both Democrats and Republicans have held a majority, Indian Country has seen its priorities sidelined. Important legisla-tion that touches the lives of Native veterans, Native families, and Native communities—from Maine to Hawaii, from Florida to Alaska—makes it out of the Indian Affairs Committee only to die waiting on the Senate legislative calendar, often due to objections by one or a small handful of Senators— legislation, for example, like the Na-tive American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Reauthorization Act, the Esther Martinez Native Lan-guages Preservation Act, the PROGRESS for Indian Tribes Act, and the Indian Tribal Energy Development and Self-Determination Act Amend-ments of 2017. These are all broadly supported bi-partisan bills that have gotten stuck in the legislative process for 5, 10, or even 15 years—all broadly supported bipar-tisan bills that Indian Country needs. They address pressing issues like homelessness, language loss, and eco-nomic development, and all of these broadly supported bipartisan bills are central to fulfilling our solemn trust and treaty responsibilities. My colleague, the senior Senator from Montana, tells the same story about his fight to gain Federal recogni-tion for the Little Shell Tribe. This legislation is important to Montanans and Tribes he represents. This bill has been fighting for a day on the floor since 2008. My distinguished colleagues from Washington first took up the fight to get the Spokane Tribe settlement act signed into law back in 2003. I am honored to work with so many colleagues who dedicate themselves each and every day to fighting for In-dian Country. But we can’t do that if Indian Affairs legislation is not given equal weight to other bills. It is shameful that this full body does not consider and resolve these and other important issues facing Indian Country. It is shameful that when the Senate gives Indian Country its first shot in 10 years, Republicans closed the debate to prevent consideration of other pressing pieces of Indian Affairs legislation. I am amazed that there will be no time for amendments, that there will be no time for this body to do what it is supposed to do—delib-erate, deliberate. That is what we are supposed to do here. Instead, the majority leader limits consideration to one issue, chosen spe-cifically to amplify partisan rancor. We should be working together for In-dian Country. The majority isn’t doing that. It is using a wedge issue to pit people against each other in an at-tempt to score political points. When Republicans were in the minor-ity, Senator M
CCONNELL lamented the lack of debate. He complained that leg-islation was ‘‘dropped on the floor with little or no opportunities for members to participate in the amendment proc-ess, virtually guaranteeing a fight.’’ As the majority leader said, simply and eloquently: 
Bills should come to the floor and be thor-oughly debated. . . . This is the Senate. . . . Let the Senate work its will, and that means 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP6.034 S16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2189 April 16, 2018 
bringing bills to the floor. It means having a free and open amendment process. That is legislating. 
I couldn’t agree more. We came here to craft legislation. We came here to take tough votes. That process may take more time, more work, and more cooperation, but it would lead to better outcomes for everyone, and, most im-portantly in this case, it would lead to better outcomes for Indian Country. Let there be no mistake. Indian Country loses when we give in to par-tisan rancor. We have seen this play out before. When the trillion-dollar tax cut was rammed through this Chamber without any input from my Democratic colleagues, what happened? Indian Country and Indian Tribes were en-tirely left out in the cold. There was not a single provision for Indian Tribes in a trillion-dollar package. On the other hand, we know what happens when bipartisanship prevails. Senator M
URKOWSKI , my chairman on the Interior Appropriations Sub-committee, and I were able to deliver big wins for Indian Country in the fis-cal year 2018 omnibus. We increased funding for the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs by $204 million, and we increased funding for the Indian health programs by another $500 million—that is almost three-quarters of a billion dollars—be-cause Democrats and Republicans de-cided it was better to work for Indian Country instead of against each other. As anyone in Indian Country will tell you, Indian affairs issues transcend partisan politics. Native policy issues go to the core of the trust responsi-bility, to the government-to-govern-ment relationships enshrined in our Constitution and countless treaties. Sadly, that is not true today. I wanted a better deal for Indian Country. Indian Country had to wait 10 years for today’s vote. We should have had a full opportunity to bring other issues onto the table and to be added onto the bill in the form of amend-ments. Housing, public safety, self-de-termination, and self-governance are equally deserving of the Senate’s con-sideration. We could have considered legislation that would do more to unite us than divide us, like the Native American Housing and Self-Determina-tion Act, which expired in 2013. This important program benefits Native Americans, Native Hawaiians, and Alaska Natives. In my home State of New Mexico, as in most of Indian Country, NAHASDA is the primary source of funding for Tribal housing needs and development. For instance, in Isleta Pueblo, 44 per-cent of households are low-income. Without NAHASDA funding, the Pueb-lo would be unable to address this crip-pling need. Reauthorizing NAHASDA would provide Tribes like Isleta the certainty they require to meet current and future housing needs. Instead, we only voted on one Tribal priority, the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act. I voted yes on cloture. As a longtime advocate for Indian Country, I understand and respect how integral Tribal sovereignty is to Tribal governance, and I am and always will be an unwavering supporter of Tribal sovereignty. I am also a supporter of strong labor protections and the working families they protect in New Mexico and around the country. I support collective bar-gaining and am against right-to-work laws that are being pushed around the country. The tough issue here is that for dec-ades Tribes were treated as States and local governments and not subject to the National Labor Relations Board. Recent Board and court decisions have changed that in some parts of the country but not others, resulting in a patchwork of regulations. The previous administration proposed a compromise approach, but neither side embraced it. I hope that changes. But no matter the outcome today, I will continue to fight for Indian Country and seek new oppor-tunities to enact longstanding Tribal legislative priorities. I close with past advice from my col-league, the majority leader: ‘‘If you want fewer fights, give the other side a say.’’ I couldn’t agree more, and I urge the majority leader to give us and In-dian Country a say. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 7:14 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, April 17, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nomination received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS  
RONNY LYNN JACKSON, OF TEXAS, TO BE SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS, VICE DAVID J. SHULKIN. 
f 
DISCHARGED NOMINATION The Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs was discharged from further consideration of the following nomination under the authority of the order of the Senate of 01/07/2009 and the nomination was placed on the Executive Calendar: 
*HANNIBAL WARE, OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS, TO BE IN-SPECTOR GENERAL, SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION. 
*Nominee has committed to respond to requests to appear and testify before any duly constituted committee of the Senate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16AP6.025 S16APPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE465 April 16, 2018 
HONORING SERGEANT FIRST CLASS (RETIRED) ROY F. TACHIAS 
HON. BEN RAY LUJA´N 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to a great New Mexican and a true American hero, Sergeant First Class (ret.) Roy Tachias of Albuquerque, New Mexico. On this day, we also honor the entire Tachias family for their continued military service in support of the country they love. To truly comprehend the significant service and sacrifice of Sergeant Tachias to our na-tion, it is important to understand his humble beginnings. Roy Tachias was born on January 25, 1932, in Cabezon, New Mexico. The vil-lage of Cabezon is located at the base of Cabezon Peak in a remote part of north-western New Mexico, surrounded by tall mesas and bordering the Navajo Nation Res-ervation. It was a small village of nearly 200 people, very isolated from modern society. Most of the homes had dirt floors, and no one in the village had water, gas, or electricity. Roy fondly recalls memories of his early years when his mother would bake bread and make soap with his help and the help of his seven brothers and sisters. Each day, the family would haul back water from the local arroyos—arroyos which they shared with the local cattle. Laundry was a three-day process and the whole village would hang their clothes outside to air dry. The villagers were either farmers or cattle ranchers, and all lived off the fruits of their daily labor. When Roy was in elementary school, the Tachias family moved to the city of Bernalillo. At age 16, Roy and a few of his friends hitch-hiked to Albuquerque and enlisted in the United States Army. In 1949, at the age 17, Private Roy Tachias received his first military orders, was posted to Japan, and eventually became a member of the 21st Regiment of the 24th Infantry Division. That unit evolved into the infamous Task Force Smith, the first combat group of American fighting forces de-ployed to face the North Korean Army fol-lowing their incursion into South Korea. During this effort, 40 percent of his unit was lost and many more were wounded. In the next few years, Task Force Smith members would go on to fight with distinction against both the North Korean and Chinese Armies. Sergeant Tachias describes the rough conditions, recall-ing times that his unit marched on without food and supplies, and even used old rags wrapped around their feet when their boots wore out. In July of 1950, Task Force Smith was or-dered to fight a delaying action until reinforce-ments arrived. Their mission was to join forces with the South Korean Army. At that time, the North Korean army had surged over the bor-der and was headed toward the southern coast, leaving death and destruction behind them. American soldiers met an estimated 6,000 North Korean troops near Osan, slowed down the enemy advance, and delayed their progress until they halted it altogether. Ser-geant Tachias recalls the many times he leaned heavily on his faith to get him through. He says he prayed every day and night and believed that God walked beside him and pro-tected him. After extensive fighting, the American forces pushed the North Korean Army to the border of China. For five days and five nights straight, both armies fought an exhausting engage-ment. It was on one of those nights when Ser-geant Tachias was ordered to be the sole indi-vidual to man a forward listening post in enemy territory, 5,000 yards from his unit on the front line. That night, in the darkness, Roy began to hear and feel a rumbling sound and witnessed the Chinese Army approaching him in waves. Instinctively, Sergeant Tachias began to shout, shoot, and throw hand grenades at the waves of Chinese descending upon him. His efforts threw the enemy unit into disarray and successfully stopped the attack. He later said, ‘‘I confused them, I guess.’’ By the time morn-ing came, Sergeant Tachias had killed 33 enemy soldiers singlehandedly and taken a man prisoner. He was awarded the Silver Star for conspicuous gallantry and heroism. The Stars and Stripes wrote an article and called him the ‘‘One Man Army’’ for his heroic efforts. Sergeant Tachias was wounded five times during his time on the Korean Peninsula. He also received the Purple Heart and the Bronze Star with Valor. After his service with the U.S. Army in Korea ended, Roy Tachias married the former Ramoncita Angelina Gonzales and settled in California, where he worked for Lockheed Air-craft. He eventually returned to the Army and served two tours in Vietnam, where he earned another Bronze Star. His leadership as a non- commissioned officer throughout his 20-year military career was second to none. In 1976, he retired from the military and returned to his home state of New Mexico, a man forever changed by the memories of those who fought alongside him, the battles he survived, and a lifetime spent in service to his country. Sergeant Tachias and his wife, Ramoncita, traveled the world in service to our nation and they established a beautiful family with four children: Kathleen, Michael, Jeanette, and Brian. A soldier cannot perform at his best without the love and support of his family—es-pecially without the support of a dedicated spouse, who, at times, must bear the burden of being both mother and father. So we also would like to commend Ramoncita Tachias for the many years of loving service and dedica-tion she has shown to her family and to our nation. Roy and Ramoncita celebrate 65 years of marriage this year, so please join me in congratulating them on this milestone as well. The Tachias family is known for their patriot-ism and their support for our Armed Services in their local communities. Due to his example, both sons followed in their father’s footsteps and are also combat veterans. Sergeant Tachias’ oldest son, Michael, is a retired Lieu-tenant Colonel with over thirty years of service in the U.S. Army. After retirement, Col. Mi-chael Tachias established the Cabezon Wounded Warrior Haven in Cabezon, New Mexico to provide a refuge for wounded war-riors and their families. Sergeant Tachias’ younger son, Brian, re-tired as a full Colonel. Because his father’s life was so greatly impacted by his military service in Korea, his son, Colonel Brian Tachias, wanted to serve there as well. As a young In-fantry officer, he was stationed with the 506th Infantry Regiment on the Korean Demilitarized Zone some 38 years after his father. Colonel Tachias then continued his service as an Army Aviator and he recently retired with 29 years of active duty service. The legacy does not end there. Sergeant Tachias’ grandsons, Joe Garcia, Jr., Brian Tachias, Jr., and Nicholas Tachias, also stepped up to answer a new generation’s call to service. It is with great pride and deep respect that we today recognize the service of this out-standing individual. New Mexico is humbled to honor Sergeant Tachias’ contributions to this nation, contributions that began on that Ko-rean peninsula in 1950 and have had generational effects that continue onto a new page of history that is yet to be written. With a third generation of Tachias soldiers guarding America’s freedom, we can have confidence that our nation’s future is in good hands. 
f 
RECOGNIZING STEPHEN PEGRAM FOR LEADERSHIP IN FIRE SAFETY 
HON. BRAD R. WENSTRUP 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize Stephen Pegram, the Chief of Fire and Emergency Medical Services in Goshen, Ohio. I am deeply grateful for the service of fire-fighters like Chief Pegram for the great work they do in Southern and Southwestern Ohio, and beyond. While others run from danger, they run toward it, charging burning buildings, responding to hidden danger, saving lives, and keeping our communities safe. Chief Pegram has distinguished himself as firefighter worthy of our recognition and grati-tude in this Congress. He led the Goshen Fire and EMS in their life-saving missions during this year’s historic flooding; in addition, he also serves as the President of the International Society of Fire Service Instructors (ISFSI). ISFSI’s mission is to improve training to in-crease firefighter safety and reduce fatalities and injuries. This mission is critical to pro-tecting those who risk their lives every day to protect us. Under Chief Pegram’s leadership, ISFSI is being awarded the Paul S. Sarbanes Fire Service Safety Leadership Award. This well- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16AP8.001 E16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE466 April 16, 2018 
deserved honor is given annually by the Con-gressional Fire Services Institute and the Na-tional Fallen Firefighters Foundation to organi-zations for their outstanding contributions to the health and safety of firefighters. This award is a true testament to the ISFSI’s success in improving firefighter train-ing. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the House of Representatives, I’d like to thank the Inter-national Society of Fire Service Instructors for their outstanding training and education for firefighters everywhere. 
f 
BANDIMERE SPEEDWAY 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Bandimere Speedway for being recognized as the 2017 Genesis Award winner by the Jefferson County Economic Develop-ment Corporation (Jeffco EDC). The Genesis Award honors an individual, elected official, city, company or organization that has contributed to the economic vitality of Jefferson County through leadership, innova-tion, facilitation, and collaboration. A quarter- mile dragstrip located in Morrison, Colorado, Bandimere Speedway opened in 1958 and hosts the NHRA’s Mile-High Nationals. Bandimere Speedway has shown their com-mitment to the community, families and edu-cation through its ‘‘Race to Read’’ program reaching more than 35,000 elementary age children each year. The program is now in its 22nd year and continues to find new and inno-vative ways to grow with support from racers and businesses. Congratulations to Bandimere Speedway for this well-deserved award, and I thank them for their contribution to our community. 
f 
HONORING NAPA VALLEY COLLEGE 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Napa Valley College on the 75th anniversary of its founding. Napa Valley College is an important institu-tion in our community. The college has edu-cated thousands of Napa Valley residents and issues certificates and degrees to hundreds of students annually. It has provided students with job training and preparation for four-year universities. Napa Valley College is essential to our region, in part, as the largest wine school in the United States. There are more than 400 students in the Viticulture and Win-ery Technology Program and dozens of grad-uates have gone on to establish and run wineries. In 2015 and 2016, BestColleges.com named Napa Valley College the best community col-lege in California, weighing the rates of grad-uation, student retention, transfers to four-year universities, and dropouts. In addition to edu-cating many Napa Valley residents, the col-lege also provides venues for events such as community discussions, performances, de-bates and naturalization ceremonies. In 1942, the founder, Dr. Harry McPherson saw the need for a local college and cultivated the public support necessary to establish a successful institution. With his leadership, a bond issue for Napa Valley College passed with 90 percent support. I attended Napa Valley College on the GI Bill and am proud to have this exceptional in-stitution in our district. It is an honor to be an advocate and supporter for the college and its role in providing access to higher education to people in the Napa Valley. Mr. Speaker, Napa Valley College is an es-sential institution in Napa Valley and in North-ern California. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor the college on the 75th anniver-sary of its founding. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JOHN RICHARD SCHMIDHAUSER 
HON. SALUD O. CARBAJAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to celebrate the life of John Richard Schmidhauser. Mr. Schmidhauser was born in the Bronx, NY. He lost his father when he was a teenager and lived through the Great De-pression with his mother in Maryland, an ex-perience that shaped his work ethic and cre-ated a lifelong support for issues related to so-cial justice. Following his high school graduation, Mr. Schmidhauser enlisted in the U.S. Navy at the outbreak of WWII. He worked as a Commu-nications Officer and French hornist in the ship’s band and, following VJ-Day, as a mem-ber of the occupying force in Japan. He later enrolled in college under the GI Bill and earned a BA from the University of Dela-ware and a MA and PhD from the University of Virginia, in Political Science, with honors. Mr. Schmidhauser also served as a professor at the University of Iowa, where he was highly respected and admired amongst students. Mr. Schmidhauser produced groundbreaking scholarly work on the U.S. Supreme Court. He authored numerous books and articles on the judiciary and public and constitutional law. He was active in politics and public service throughout his life and was known by many as a pioneer in his field. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to join with the nation and the Schmidhauser family in cele-brating this special life, which ended peace-fully on February 21, 2018. 
f 
REMEMBERING GAINESVILLE’S WALT SNELLING 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of ‘‘Gainesville High School’s biggest fan,’’ Walt Snelling, who re-cently passed away at the age of 81. For over 30 years, Walt announced ball games for his alma mater, Gainesville High School. Having played for the Red Elephants as an offensive lineman, he fostered a passion for sports early in life. Before Walt became ‘‘the voice of the Red Elephants,’’ he graduated from the University of North Georgia with honors in 1959. He later enlisted in the U.S. Army, serving as an officer for 12 years before returning home to manage the Gainesville Parks and Recreation Depart-ment. The children in the community were the ones who inspired him to participate in the local sports scene. He proudly announced games from the loud speaker because he wanted each player to hear his or her name called and understand how special they are. Walt’s memory will endure in the hearts of Gainesville residents. I stand with many others today to mourn the loss of this legend, and I ask us all to remember the Snelling family in the weeks ahead. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SALLY ANNE CONVIRS JAMES 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Sally Anne Convirs James who is receiving the 2018 Community Care Award from the As-sociated Parents’ Group of Hillsborough for her exemplary involvement in the school dis-trict and the community at large. Sally started as a parent volunteer in the classroom and at events while her children at-tended South School and Crocker Middle School and became the librarian at South in 2008. Sally’s creativity is boundless She de-veloped several library programs and edu-cational practices that bring classroom learn-ing to life and instill a love of reading in all South students. South’s Reading Tiger, her best-known literacy program, earned the Cali-fornia Gold Ribbon Award in 2016. Sally also created the Summer Reading Challenge and the Long-Term Reading Challenge and she continues the Birthday Book Club tradition. Sally is a staunch advocate of hands-on learning. She walks students through history in programs such as Colonial Day, A Walk Through the American Revolution, Gold Rush Day or Ohlone Day. She has brought numer-ous authors to the library and works closely with parents and teachers to come up with the most fun and beneficial activities for her stu-dents. She also maintains the website and so-cial media pages. Sally is truly a multitalented gem. Before becoming the librarian, Sally served as a member of the Citizen’s Oversight Com-mittee and on the Board of Directors of the Hillsborough Little League. She was an inau-gural member of the school district’s HTV team and started a Girl Scout troop. In addition to her library responsibilities, Sally is passionate about the environment and green initiatives. She helped set up trash sort-ing facilities and has participated in creek clean ups. She also helped establish a part-nership between South and Samaritan House which teaches students about public service and social justice. Nurturing students to be-come our leaders of tomorrow, Sally helped revamp the student council format and proc-ess. Sally is all about helping others—she is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16AP8.002 E16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE467 April 16, 2018 
an amazing teacher, librarian, listener and mentor. Her hard work, which she always makes look effortless, has earned her the ad-miration and adoration of her students, their parents and her colleagues. Originally from Los Angeles, Sally earned her BA in Psychology in 1984 and her JD in 1987 from UCLA. In 2008, she received a teaching credential from Notre Dame de Namur University in Belmont and in 2012, she received a teacher librarian services credential from Fresno Pacific University. Sally and Robert Michael James, her hus-band for 24 years, have three children; Kath-arine, Philip and Henry. Mr. Speaker, I ask the members of the House of Representatives to rise with me to recognize a remarkable community leader, teacher and human being. Many at South School fittingly say that as the library has be-come the core of South School, Sally has be-come its heart. The town of Hillsborough is truly fortunate to call Sally James one of their own. 
f 
RICK CRANDALL 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Rick Crandall, United States Air Force veteran and radio host of the ‘‘Breakfast Club’’ on KEZW 1430 AM, for his service to our country. Rick made his radio debut while serving in the United States Air Force at Andersen Air Force Base in Guam before moving to the Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs, Colo-rado. Rick is a dedicated champion of vet-erans and veterans’ issues. He has served as the emcee for many veteran’s events, created an annual Veterans Fair, Valentines for Vet-erans drive for the Denver VA Medical Center, worked with Regis University in their ‘‘Stories from Wartime’’ classes, and established the Colorado Freedom Memorial Foundation. The Colorado Freedom Memorial is the first of its kind honoring all Colorado military members killed or missing in military action from the Spanish American War to the present. Rick interviewed each of the Spann brothers about their military service as part of our Viet-nam War 50th Commemoration series. The stories of the Spann brothers will be submitted to the Library of Congress (LOC) Veterans History Project (VHP), a congressionally char-tered project to collect, preserve and make ac-cessible personal accounts of American war veterans. Rick’s courageous service to our state and nation has charted the path for future genera-tions of men and women to serve in the mili-tary and civilian community. I extend my deep-est appreciation to Rick Crandall for his dedi-cation, integrity and outstanding service to the United States of America. HONORING CHRISTINE M. LOEBER HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Christine Loeber and re-member her life, which was tragically cut short on March 9, 2018. Ms. Loeber was born in Boston, Massachu-setts and raised in Easton, Massachusetts. She graduated from Oliver Ames High School and earned a Bachelor of Arts in Communica-tions from the University of New Hampshire. After working in sales, Ms. Loeber realized so-cial work was her calling and obtained a Mas-ter of Arts in Social Work from Boston Col-lege, while also working for Boston Health Care for the Homeless. Over the last decade, Ms. Loeber dedicated her career to veterans and providing them with the care they needed. She first began working with veterans through the VA Boston Healthcare System in Brockton, Massachu-setts, where she primarily worked with female veterans and focused on trauma and sub-stance abuse. She earned yoga teaching cre-dentials in order to integrate yoga into her care for veterans who were coping with trau-ma. After working at the VA Palo Alto Health Care System and the Santa Rosa VA Clinic, she was recruited as the Executive Director of The Pathway Home, where she continued to integrate yoga into the care she gave vet-erans. She was dedicated to connecting with and providing clinical, professional and edu-cational support to the veterans as they con-tinued their education after leaving the military. She loved her work and was proud that she was able to help others, especially veterans coping with post-traumatic stress as they con-tinued their education. Ms. Loeber was outgoing, intelligent, and empathetic. She is remembered by friends and family for her ability to make people feel special and for her love of the outdoors and travel. Our community has lost a kind and car-ing soul. Mr. Speaker, Christine Loeber was a gen-erous and empathetic person who was de-voted to helping people in need. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor her here today. 
f 
HONORING VICTOR M. RIVERA- COLLAZO FOR HIS INDUCTION INTO THE PUERTO RICO HALL OF FAME 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate and honor Command Sergeant Major Victor M. Rivera-Collazo (Ret.) on his induction into the Puerto Rico Hall of Fame. Victor is receiving the Lifetime Achievement Award in recognition of his major contributions to both Puerto Rico and the United States as a whole. Recipients of this prestigious award must have been born and raised in Puerto Rico, served with the United States Armed Forces, taken an active role in community service, and positively impacted the citizens of Puerto Rico, all while promoting Puerto Rican culture. Victor is the first living enlisted mem-ber of the Army to receive this award. Born in Naguabo, Puerto Rico, Victor en-listed in the U.S. Army in October of 1977. His 33-year career with the Field Artillery Branch included deployments to Afghanistan, Iraq, Ku-wait, and Kosovo, as well as overseas service in Germany. Victor retired from the 10th Mountain Division of Fort Drum in August 2010 and was awarded the Legion of Merit in recognition of his exceptional conduct. Addi-tionally, from 2003 to 2015, Victor served as coach of the All-Army Softball Team, leading the team to seven gold medals at the Armed Forces Championship Games. After retirement, Victor served as the Base-ball Chaplain for the Syracuse Chiefs and on the coaching staff of the SUNY Canton base-ball team. Currently the Assistant Head Coach of the SUNY Canton Roos, Victor has been extensively involved with the Clemente Foun-dation, supporting Puerto Rico by organizing baseball clinics, comedy shows, and recon-struction efforts in the wake of Hurricane Maria. In particular, Victor worked to plan the inaugural Clemente Cup, which brought 10 collegiate baseball teams to compete in Puer-to Rico and raised over $2 million. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I would like to thank Command Sergeant Major Rivera-Collazo for his years of hard work and dedication to his community and to his coun-try, and congratulate him on his well-deserved induction into the Puerto Rico Hall of Fame. f 
SERGEANT DONALD KEITH SPANN 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Sergeant Don-ald Keith Spann, United States Marine Corps for his service to our country. Sergeant Spann served in the United States Marine Corps from 1964 to 1968, serving for one year, two months and twenty-three days in-country, in the Republic of Vietnam. Ser-geant Spann’s military awards and decorations include the National Defense Service Medal, the Good Conduct Medal, the Vietnamese Service Medal with one device, the Viet-namese Campaign Medal with the 60 device, and the Rifle Qualification Badges for the M– 14 and 202 MM. My office had the honor and privilege of get-ting to know Sergeant Spann and hearing about his experiences during a Vietnam War 50th Commemoration pinning ceremony in Au-gust 2017. In addition, Sergeant Spann’s sto-ries and that of his brothers will be submitted to the Library of Congress Veterans History Project (VHP), a congressionally chartered project to collect, preserve and make acces-sible personal accounts of American war vet-erans. Sergeant Spann’s courageous service has charted the path for future generations of men and women to serve in the military. I extend my deepest appreciation to Sergeant Spann for his dedication, integrity and outstanding service to the United States of America. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP8.004 E16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE468 April 16, 2018 
CELEBRATING THE FIGHTING IRISH NOTRE DAME WOMEN’S BASKETBALL NATIONAL CHAM-PIONSHIP TITLE 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Fighting Irish Notre Dame women’s basketball team on winning its sec-ond National Championship after completing the largest comeback in NCAA championship history. Each year, 64 teams compete for a shot at the NCAA National Championship. The Notre Dame women played relentless defense and showed unstoppable skill, taking it one game at a time until they reached the top. All season long, the Fighting Irish showed sheer determination and refused to give up. The players, coaches, and staff have shown incredible commitment of their time and talent toward this impressive basketball program. I am so proud of the Fighting Irish Notre Dame women’s basketball team for winning this much-deserved championship title. Thank you to head coach Muffet McGraw for her distin-guished leadership and amazing ability to con-nect with her players and inspire them to strive for greatness. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the Fighting Irish Notre Dame women’s basketball program on winning the NCAA National Championship. Their positive impact reaches Hoosiers in our community both on and off the court. I look forward to the great things to come in their future. 
f 
HONORING JENNIFER GONZALEZ 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Jennifer Gonzalez and remember her life, which was tragically cut short on March 9, 2018. Ms. Gonzalez grew up in Mountain View, California where she was raised with her three brothers. She attended St. Martin of Tours School and graduated from Saint Francis High School. She continued her education at Loyola Marymount University in Los Angeles and earned her Doctor of Psychology from Palo Alto University. When she returned to the South Bay she helped establish the Veterans Resource Center at San Jose State University, which provided direct Veterans Affairs services for our transitioning men and women. Social work was Ms. Gonzalez’s calling. She was committed to treating veterans with post-traumatic stress through her work at The Pathway Home and PsychArmor. Her father, Mike Gonzalez, said she had empathy and compassion for the veterans she worked with and ‘‘wanted to be in the weeds with them.’’ Local veterans described her as dedicated to her cause and warm and friendly to all she met. She was a giving person who was al-ways trying to help other people. On March 18, 2017, Ms. Gonzalez married T.J. Shushereba in Sacramento. Mr. Shushereba said that five hours into their first date he was smitten. Ms. Gonzalez was six months pregnant and she and her husband were excited to meet their first child, whose gender was to be a surprise. Her father lovingly described her as ‘‘the Halley’s Comet of great daughters.’’ She was a devoted granddaughter. She visited her grandmother every other week and would sing to her and care for her. Mr. Speaker, Jennifer Gonzalez was a com-passionate and altruistic person who was dedicated to social justice and helping vet-erans build positive lives. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor her here today. f 
THE FIRST IN FREEDOM—AO2 NAVY SEAL MARC ALAN LEE 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a Fallen American hero, Marc Alan Lee, who was KIA August 2, 2006. He inspired his Brother In Arms Chris Kyle to write his book American Sniper. March 20th would have been Marc’s 40th birthday. The graveyards are filled with magnificent selfless heroes like Marc. The ones who have given That Last Full Measure for all of us over the years. He was the first Navy SEAL to die in Operation Iraqi Freedom. His Brothers In Arms knew him as a strong patriot, a fierce competitor, a loving husband, and a faithful Christian. l include in the R
ECORD this poem penned in his honor by Albert Carey Caswell. 
THEFIRST IN FREEDOM  (By Albert Carey Caswell) The First The First In Freedom The First in light In every war, in every battle, in every fight, there are always those who must be the first to die Which brings such heartache and tears of sorrow to loved ones’ eyes Whose brave hearts must burn bright Who we all need this night So all at speed, so all in sight Those brave hearts who fight the fight Who bring their light Who evil must fight Who leave all they love to over evil rise above And lie down their most precious lives. As up in Heaven the Angels cry And don’t ask why? All in their most patriotic hearts comprised And for all their Brothers In Arms ready to die As did you Marc all in your most magnifi-cent heart comprised As realized Was such a heart of gold To all our children must be told To carry with us as we grow old And for you Marc, Heaven a place so holds When, in that moment of truth be told As it was you Marc who gave us the proof with your lessons of gold All in what is in a hero’s heart to know And so, made up of so As into the line of fire you’d go All in that Selfless Book of America’s Who’s Who to know Who but for the greater good gave all they could That last full measure, for surely there can be no greater treasure As you became the first Navy SEAL in this war to lose your life, And oh how Marc your loved ones and Broth-ers will miss you so, But, they will hear you on the wind And when they awake they will feel your presence next to them, as overnight watching over you they have been. And when there comes a gentle rain, you will feel our Lord’s tear wash down upon you to ease your pain Until, one day up in Heaven together you will all again And you won’t have to cry no more The first to fight The first to die With tears in eyes we now ask why? As like you Marc its upon our faith we must rely Sadly, because Freedom is not Free But, only bought and paid for by you and all of these Who are the first to die Could we? Would we? In the moment of truth would we up to new heights so rise? SEALed with a kiss And now we lay your sacred body down to rest We pray for you and your family our Lord to bless. At Ease my son, for you are one of America’s Best Who are The First In Freedom, who all of us bless. Amen. f 
DENVER WEST PARTNERS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Denver West Partners for being recognized as the 2017 Chairman’s Choice Award winner by the Jefferson County Economic Development Corporation (Jeffco EDC). The Chairman’s Choice Award is a special recognition from the Jeffco EDC chairman of a company that has had a substantial impact to Jefferson County. As Managing Principal of Denver West Partners, Greg Stevinson has devoted the past 40 years to the development of the 500+ acre Denver West community. He was instrumental in the creation of the Denver West Business Park which includes a vibrant retail district that spans Colorado Mills/Denver West Village, the Promenade Shops and the Denver West Automotive District. Greg’s lead-ership and business acumen have been in-strumental in helping to develop Lakewood and Jefferson County. Congratulations to Greg Stevinson and Den-ver West Partners for this well-deserved award, and I thank them for their contribution to our community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP8.007 E16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE469 April 16, 2018 
RECOGNIZING JOSEPH GRAUBART 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Mr. Joseph Graubart and his efforts investigating and researching cold case homi-cides. Mr. Graubart has rendered extraor-dinary service in these efforts, which have helped provide answers to relatives and com-munities in cases where official action has long ago been terminated. Mr. Graubart, and his team of fellow volun-teers, have relentlessly pursued answers, dis-closure, and justice. Devoting thousands of hours to the public interest of not allowing homicide cases to be forgotten because they are old, cold, or related to corruption or orga-nized crime. His efforts, lauded by local law enforcement, have shined a bright light on the coordinated efforts of organized crime and the relationship amongst over three dozen cold case homicides. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mr. Joseph Graubart for his ef-forts in seeking truth and justice on behalf of victims, communities, and our nation. 
f 
HONORING RAYMOND RALPH LOCHHEAD 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Raymond Ralph Lochhead and remember his rich and full life. Mr. Lochhead was born in St. Louis, Mis-souri on April 28, 1923 and graduated from the California Institute of Technology. He founded the vanilla extraction and production company, R. R. Lochhead Manufacturing Co., in Paso Robles, California in 1963. Mr. Lochhead was not only a businessman and entrepreneur. He was also a chemist, en-gineer, salesman, single-engine plane pilot and traveler. Mr. Lochhead frequently worked with his hands—he flew planes, fixed cars and built the house he lived in. He enjoyed skiing, fly fishing, sailing, hiking, photography, paint-ing, singing and playing the piano. The love of his life was Emilie, with whom he had five children—Guy, Louise, Carolyn, Josephine and Angus. Mr. Lochhead had elev-en grandchildren—Raymond, Emilie, Louise, Angus, Rudy, Susannah, Jeanne, Jesse, Mar-garet, George and Henry and nine great- grandchildren. His family, including his brother James, were his life’s driving force. Mr. Speaker, Raymond Ralph Lochhead loved life deeply and was devoted to his family and his strong Mormon faith. He is an exam-ple of how passionately we should strive to live life. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor him here today. MASTER SERGEANT GERALD HARMAN SPANN HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Master Sergeant Gerald Harman Spann, United States Marine Corps, for his service to our country. Master Sergeant Spann served in the United States Marine Corps from 1964 to 1968, enlisting with his brother, Donald, and serving for one year, two months, and eight-een days in country, in the Republic of Viet-nam. From there, he served in the Colorado Army National Guard from 1975 to 1992, retir-ing at the rank of Master Sergeant. Gerald’s military awards and decorations include the National Defense Service Medal, the Viet-namese Service Medal with one device, the Vietnamese Campaign Medal with the 60 de-vice, the USMC Good Conduct Medal, the Rifle and Pistol badges. After his military serv-ice, Gerald taught Industrial Arts Education in the Jefferson County School District, retiring in 1999. After completing a course of study at Emily Griffith Technical College studying clock repair, Gerald continues to work as a clock technician. My office had the honor and privilege of get-ting to know Master Sergeant Spann and hearing about his experiences during a Viet-nam War 50th Commemoration pinning cere-mony in August 2017. In addition, Sergeant Spann’s stories and that of his brothers will be submitted to the Library of Congress Veterans History Project (VHP) , a congressionally char-tered project to collect, preserve and make ac-cessible personal accounts of American war veterans. Master Sergeant Spann’s courageous serv-ice has charted the path for future generations of men and women to serve in the military. I extend my deepest appreciation to Master Sergeant Spann for his dedication, integrity and outstanding service to the United States of America. 
f 
HONORING ORAMENTA NEWSOME 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in celebrating the life of Oramenta Newsome, the vice president and executive director of the Washington, D.C. Local Initiatives Support Corporation (LISC DC), who passed away ear-lier this year at age 62. Oramenta served in the LISC DC office for nearly 25 years, leading the organization’s charge to improve the overall quality of life for District of Columbia residents. In particular, she was instrumental in ensuring that public, private and philanthropic resources were le-veraged to create an environment where all D.C. residents—especially the homeless, el-derly, low-income and youth—would thrive. Oramenta came to Washington in the early 1990s. She spent several years at Enterprise Community Partners and then, in 1995, took a leadership role with LISC DC as the program was seeking to expand its impact. As one of LISC’s longest-serving executive directors, she was part of a group of leaders who sought in-novative ways to connect investment capital to nonprofit vision at a time when there was still great skepticism about whether the formula could bring about real progress. She was also one of the country’s first African American women to guide large-scale community devel-opment work. Under Oramenta’s leadership, LISC DC in-vested nearly $285 million in affordable hous-ing, economic development and jobs through-out the District. Specifically, LISC DC has helped create and preserve 10,000 units of af-fordable housing, nine arts and cultural facili-ties, eight health clinics, five early childhood education centers, 11 schools and youth cen-ters as well as nearly two dozen other busi-nesses and community facilities that have opened their doors in underserved D.C. neigh-borhoods. As the economic market in D.C. began to trend upward, Oramenta strengthened LISC DC’s commitment to vulnerable communities. In 2016, Newsome told the Washington Post that improving the quality of life in neighbor-hoods on the brink of gentrification should be a priority. Indeed, she said she wanted to ‘‘make sure that people with modest incomes have a fighting chance to stay and remain there and enjoy all the goodies that are on the way.’’ Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-atives to join me in celebrating Oramenta Newsome’s humble and reverent service to D.C. and to extend deepest condolences to her beloved husband of 22 years, Wallace, and her siblings, nieces, nephews, friends and admirers. f 
TRIBUTE TO STEVE ELKINS 
HON. LISA BLUNT ROCHESTER 
OF DELAWARE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of my colleagues Senator T
OMCARPER and Senator C HRIS COONS of Delaware, to honor and congratulate Steve Austin, a Delaware Fire Service veteran and recipient of the Congressional Fire Services Institute’s (CFSI) 2018 Mason Lankford Fire Leadership Award. A selfless citizen, Steve served the people of Newark in one of the state’s largest volun-teer fire companies after joining the fire serv-ice in 1963. His willingness to help others has been a source of comfort to Delawareans ex-periencing times of overwhelming loss and tragedy. Steve’s sacrifice and volunteer spirit is a testament to his character. Steve’s work was essential to the formation of the CSFI in 1989 and since then, he has dedicated his life to advancing the health and safety of firefighters across the nation for more than three decades. His life-long passion is evident in his founding of the Emergency Re-sponder Safety Institute and Delaware Chap-ter of International Arson Investigators. Steve has been a powerful advocate at the local, state and federal level on issues that affect the ability of first responders to safely resolve dangerous situations and continue living a long, healthy life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16AP8.010 E16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE470 April 16, 2018 
Steve is an extraordinary ambassador for all emergency personnel and is much deserving of the CFSI’s 2018 Fire Leadership Award. I want to extend my heartfelt gratitude and sin-cerest congratulations to Steve for receiving the CFSI Leadership Award and for his devo-tion to the people of Delaware. The First State is lucky to have members of the community who volunteer their time and sacrifice their lives for the greater good. Steve, like many other emergency workers will tell you, ‘‘I’m just doing my job.’’ 
f 
LIEUTENANT COLONEL JOHN MARK SPANN 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Lieutenant Colo-nel John Mark Spann, United States Army and Colorado Army National Guard for his service to our country. John served as a Specialist 5 in the United States Army from 1972 to 1975, and served in the Colorado Army National Guard from 1975 to 1993, retiring at the rank of Lieutenant Colonel. John also served as a Federal Civil Service civilian employee for the U.S. Air Force at Buckley Air Force Base from 1984 to 2014. Lieutenant Colonel Spann’s military awards and decorations include the Army Commendation Medal, with Oak Leaf Cluster, Army Achievement Medal, Desert Storm Serv-ice Medal, and the National Defense Service Medal. My office had the honor and privilege of get-ting to know Lieutenant Colonel Spann and hearing about his experiences during a Viet-nam War 50th Commemoration pinning cere-mony in August 2017. In addition, Sergeant Spann’s stories and that of his brothers will be submitted to the Library of Congress Veterans History Project (VHP), a congressionally char-tered project to collect, preserve and make ac-cessible personal accounts of American war veterans. Lieutenant Colonel Spann’s courageous service has charted the path for future genera-tions of men and women to serve in the mili-tary. I extend my deepest appreciation to Lieu-tenant Colonel Spann for his dedication, integ-rity and outstanding service to the United States of America. 
f 
HONORING JENNIFER LESLIE GRAY GOLICK 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Jennifer Leslie Gray Golick and remember her life, which was trag-ically cut short on March 9, 2018. Ms. Golick was born in Houston, Texas and moved to Calistoga, California when she was young. She graduated from Calistoga High School in 1994. Ms. Golick earned her Bach-elor of Arts in Psychology from the University of California at Davis, her Master of Arts in Counseling Psychology from Sonoma State University and her Ph.D. in Philosophy from Akami University. I have known Ms. Golick for many years. Her mother and my wife worked together for over twenty years. I had the privilege of wit-nessing her grow into the beautiful and caring young woman so many in our community came to love. Ms. Golick’s mantra of service and dedication is inspiring. She believed strongly that people could be healed by being heard. She was a compassionate listener for the veterans she served at The Pathway Home. When she began working at The Path-way Home in September of 2017, people there were excited for her fresh perspective, professional insight and most of all, her big heart and endless empathy. She was also a champion for adolescent mental health and travelled the country speak-ing on the topic. Before she began working at The Pathway Home she worked at Muir Wood Adolescent and Family Services in Petaluma, California, where she was highly regarded. Ms. Golick was a mother to her young daughter, Makena, and a wife to her husband, Marc. They were a picture-perfect young fam-ily. She also had a love of running and com-peted in Crossfit and Tough Mudders. Mr. Speaker, Jennifer Leslie Gray Golick was a devoted wife and mother and dedicated psychologist and community member. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor her here today. f 
HONORING SHELLEY BRODERICK 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in recognizing Shelley Broderick of the District of Columbia for her 20 years of outstanding service as Dean of the University of the Dis-trict of Columbia David A. Clarke School of Law. In August 1999, Shelley Broderick was ap-pointed Dean of the law school, after serving as interim dean since 1998. In 2011, she was named the Joseph L. Rauh, Jr. Chair of Social Justice. Shelly Broderick began her legal career as a clinical professor at the law school, and in 1999, she received the William Pincus Award for outstanding contributions to clinical legal education from the American Association of Law Schools. As Dean of the law school, she has received the Outstanding Dean of the Year Award from Equal Justice Works; the Servant of Justice Award from the Legal Aid Society; the Deborah L. Rhode Award from the American Association of Law Schools; and the highest award given for outstanding edu-cational leadership at a historically black col-lege or university from the Thurgood Marshall Scholarship Fund. During her tenure as Dean, the law school has achieved the highest level of American Bar Association accreditation; forged a memo-randum of understanding with the University of Havana, a first for an American law school; and has raised more than $20 million to sup-port endowed and other student scholarships, summer public interest fellowships and clinical programs. During her tenure, more than 2,000 diverse law students have represented thou-sands of vulnerable D.C. residents through the school’s top ranked legal clinics. She served as chair of the UDC Faculty Senate for three years, and is a founder and participant of the D.C. Consortium of Legal Services Providers. She was appointed by the D.C. Court of Ap-peals to serve on the District of Columbia’s Access to Justice Commission and has also served on the board of D.C. Appleseed for many years. I am particularly indebted to Shel-ley Broderick, who I appointed to serve on my Federal Law Enforcement Nominating Com-mission. The Commission made recommenda-tions to me for candidates for the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, the U.S. At-torney for the District of Columbia, U.S. Mar-shals for the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia and the D.C. Superior Court and other critical federal law enforcement positions in the District. The Commission’s rec-ommendations were of such high quality that I was able to select exemplary candidates, and submitted all of them to President Obama for nomination. While Shelley Broderick plans to step down as Dean, she will soon rejoin the law school faculty after a sabbatical. Therefore, I ask the House of Representa-tives to join me in recognizing Shelley Brod-erick for her many years of dedicated service and outstanding contributions as Dean of the UDC David A. Clarke School of Law. f 
MILLERCOORS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor MillerCoors for being recog-nized as the 2017 Pioneer Award winner by the Jefferson County Economic Development Corporation (Jeffco EDC). The Pioneer Award is given to a company in Jefferson County that demonstrates a pio-neering attitude within its industry and the local business community. MillerCoors, a MOLSON Coors Company, has been dem-onstrating their commitment to community and innovative spirit since 1873 when they first started brewing beer on the banks of Clear Creek in Golden, Colorado. Now on its fifth generation of family leadership, the company continues to be a good community partner making numerous investments in the commu-nity and local jobs. In addition, the company helped launch a recycling revolution, reduced its water usage by more than 25 percent, re-duced energy use more than 50 percent and achieved Zero Waste to Landfill status. Congratulations to MillerCoors for this well- deserved award, and I thank them for their contribution to our community. 
f 
HONORING CONNIE VAN PUTTEN AS WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Reserve Police Officer, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16AP8.013 E16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE471 April 16, 2018 
Detective Connie Van Putten, whom I have named Woman of the Year in Contra Costa County, California. Woman of the Year recog-nizes women who have made important con-tributions to California’s 5th Congressional District in Arts and Culture, Professional Achievement, Entrepreneurship and Innovation or Community Service. Ms. Van Putten was born in San Diego, California. She graduated from the University of La Verne with a Bachelor of Arts in Criminal Justice. In 1965 Ms. Van Putten began her ca-reer in law enforcement as a member of the San Diego Police Department, where she served for 23 years. She was the first woman in the San Diego Police Department to be pro-moted to the rank of Sergeant and Lieutenant. In 1985 Ms. Van Putten was selected to at-tend the FBI National Academy in Quantico, Virginia. After completing the program, she served as a Captain in the Union City Police Department until her retirement in 2000. After retiring from full time service, Ms. Van Putten joined the Hercules Police Department Re-serve Officer Program. As a Reserve Officer Ms. Van Putten has gone above and beyond the call of duty. She organized the Prescrip-tion Drug Turn In Program where over 800 pounds of prescription drugs have been turned in and destroyed and is the Department’s Pub-lic Information Officer. She has donated over 1,200 hours of service to her community annu-ally both as a uniformed patrol officer and a plain clothes detective. Ms. Van Putten has also remained active in our community in other ways. She has been involved with Prevent Blindness in California, which promotes and performs vision screening for preschool children. She also has spent 15 years with the Navy League as the liaison to the United States Coast Guard Vessel Tern. Ms. Van Putten has been married to her hus-band, Peter, for 42 years. Mr. Speaker, Ms. Van Putten is the kind of citizen we should all strive to be. She has seamlessly blended her personal and profes-sional passions for the betterment of our com-munity. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor Connie Van Putten here today. 
f 
HONORING THE MORRISON OPTOMETRY LEGACY 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Gainesville Vision Clinic, a local optometry practice in its 103rd year of operation. Northeast Georgia serves as the home to many family-owned businesses that have been in operation longer than I’ve been alive. A business’s 100th year marks a meaningful milestone for the family that operates it—mak-ing the Gainesville Vision Clinic’s achievement special to our corner of Georgia. This optometry practice has been managed by three generations of the Morrison family: Dr. J.C. Morrison, Sr.; Dr. J.C. Morrison, Jr.; and my friend, Dr. Bill Morrison, who currently runs the practice. After receiving his Georgia optometry li-cense in 1917, Dr. J.C. Morrison, Sr. opened the Gainesville Vision Clinic on Bradford Street along the community square. He man-aged the practice for 49 years until his son took over in 1964 and, eventually, his grand-son began leading it in 1975. Throughout the course of a century, this family’s commitment to caring for their neigh-bors has remained constant. As the Morrison optometry legacy lives on, I celebrate their contributions to the Gainesville community as a family-owned business. f 
CAPTAIN STEPHEN ALLISON SPANN 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor posthumously, Captain Stephen Allison Spann, United States Navy Reserve, (ret) for his service to our country. Captain Spann served in the United States Marine Corps from 1959 to 1963. From there he served for four years in the United States Marine Corps Reserves and three years in the United States Navy (Seabees) Reserves. Cap-tain Spann served for thirty years as a mem-ber of the United States Navy Reserves, Civil Engineer Corps, retiring at the rank of Cap-tain. Captain Spann’s military awards and decorations include the USMC Good Conduct Medal, National Defense Medal, Armed Forces Reserve Medal, Meritorious Unit, Rifle and Pistol ribbons. My office had the honor and privilege of get-ting to know Captain Spann and hearing about his experiences during a Vietnam War 50th Commemoration pinning ceremony in August 2017. Captain Spann’s courageous service charted a path for future generations of men and women to serve in the military. I extend my deepest appreciation to Captain Stephen Spann for his dedication, integrity and out-standing service to the United States of Amer-ica. 
f 
HONORING GINNY CRAVEN AS WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Ginny Craven, whom I have named Woman of the Year in Lake County, California. Woman of the Year recog-nizes women who have made important con-tributions to California’s 5th Congressional District in Arts and Culture, Professional Achievement, Entrepreneurship and Innovation or Community Service. Ms. Craven was born in Concord, California and moved to Lake County, California as a child, where she attended elementary school and graduated from Upper Lake High School. She earned a bachelor’s degree from Cali-fornia State University, Chico. Ms. Craven has dedicated much of her life to helping veterans and their families. Ms. Craven is the founder and Chief Executive Of-ficer of Operation Tango Mike, Inc., an all-vol-unteer nonprofit organization that has shipped over 20,000 care packages to deployed mili-tary personnel. Ms. Craven has also been a personal liaison to local Gold Star families and is a member of multiple veterans’ organiza-tions, including United Veterans Council of Lake County, Military Funeral Honors Team of Lake County, Pearl Harbors Survivors Asso-ciation, Patriot Guard Riders and Daughters of the American Revolution. Ms. Craven supports other important causes as well. She was co-captain of Quick Step-pers, the Lake County Relay for Life team that raised more than $13,000. She has supported victims of the 2015, 2016, and 2017 fires in Lake County. She coordinated Operation Tango Mike Volunteers to assist survivors and worked with the U.S. Army to bring an Engi-neer Battalion to Lake County for flood pre-vention operations in 2015. Ms. Craven’s serv-ice to our troops and community continues her family’s long history of service. Mr. Speaker, Ginny Craven has worked tire-lessly to better the lives of others. She is a selfless community member and our district is better for the work that she has done. There-fore, it is fitting and proper that we honor her here today. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF LENNIE GOTCHER 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Lennie Gotcher who will be presented with the 2018 Citizen of the Year Award from the As-sociated Parents’ Group of Hillsborough. Len-nie is a role model for all of us in the commu-nity and an integral part of our town. Lennie’s roots in Hillsborough run deep. She grew up here and she and her husband Peter raised their four children here. Her volunteer work began in the schools her sons attended; first at South when her oldest son was in pre-school, then at North Preschool and Crocker Middle School where she spent countless hours in the classroom and at events. In addition to being a devoted mother and wife, Lennie is passionate about gardening and to say that she has a green thumb and comprehensive understanding of organic farm-ing is an understatement. Lennie had the vi-sion and perseverance to create the Harvest Garden, known as the crown jewel of Hillsborough. In 2010, she worked with the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission, the Hillsborough Beautification Foundation (HBF), the Town Public Works Director and the Town Council to get the project approved. Not only did she create a beautiful garden growing fresh produce, she turned the project into a learning experience for students. She oversaw a group of high school students cleaning a va-cant lot and soliciting donations from the com-munity. Today, the Harvest Garden offers an internship program for high school students, workshops for community members and volun-teer programs for the local schools, the Boy Scouts, the National Charity League and the Young Men’s Service League. All of the work is done by volunteers who have produced over 9,000 pound of organic vegetables that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16AP8.016 E16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE472 April 16, 2018 
have been donated to homeless shelters and the working poor. We can proudly say that the Harvest Garden grows produce and commu-nity. As a very active member of HBF since 2002, Lennie was also the driving force behind the Marilyn Hills Garden at Crocker and the renovation of Vista Park. She was President of HBF from 2004 to 2006 and has been recog-nized as Volunteer of the Year. She com-pleted the California Master Gardener Pro-gram, serves on the Board of Trustees of the Filoli Center, and she has been a member of the Hillsborough Garden Club for 16 years. You may surmise from this intense list of volunteer work that it doesn’t allow time for anything else, but you are mistaken. Lennie found the time and energy to co-found a start- up in 2006 that produces mobility aids. Lennie, born in San Francisco, earned her BA from UC Berkeley. She married Peter in 1987 and they have four sons, Miles, John, Will and Gray. Lennie’s dedication and love for her commu-nity knows no bounds. She tirelessly and pa-tiently works on making Hillsborough a better and more beautiful place to live for all resi-dents. Her ability to lead and to quietly work behind the scenes makes her an extraor-dinarily effective community leader. Mr. Speaker, I ask the members of the House of Representatives to rise with me to recognize a woman who nurtures everyone and everything around her. Lennie Gotcher is truly an exceptional citizen and the Town of Hillsborough is fortunate to call her one of their own. 
f 
SUSTAINABILITY 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor SustainAbility for being recog-nized as the 2017 Community Champion Award winner by the Jefferson County Eco-nomic Development Corporation (Jeffco EDC). The Community Champion Award recog-nizes a business that has significantly im-proved and influenced the quality of life in the community through active engagement, com-munity service and creating positive economic growth. As a recycling company, SustainAbility uses the untapped potential of people with in-tellectual and/or developmental disabilities to contribute to society through meaningful work. The company employs over 190 people—145 of which have disabilities. Over the past year, the company has helped divert over 2.5 million pounds of materials from landfills through other public services such as hard-to-recycle drop-off centers, electronics disassembly and hospital and small business recycling pick-up. Congratulations to SustainAbility for this well-deserved award, and I thank them for their contribution to our community. HONORING TAMARA JONES AS WOMAN OF THE YEAR HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Tamara Jones, whom I have named Woman of the Year in Napa County, California. Woman of the Year recognizes women who have made important contributions to California’s 5th Congressional District in Arts and Culture, Professional Achievement, Entrepreneurship and Innovation or Community Service. Ms. Jones was born in Kansas City, Mis-souri, and earned her Bachelor of Arts in Mass Communication from California State University Hayward. After graduation, she moved to Napa, California and became the owner and lead planner of Tamara J Events, a boutique wedding and event design firm. During the October 2017 wildfires, Ms. Jones volunteered to assist evacuees at the Napa Valley College Shelter. Ms. Jones and her team, affectionately known as the Honey Pot Crew, used social media and an extensive network of community relationships to secure donations and other assistance for the evac-uees. She also coordinated all of the dona-tions and supplies for the whole shelter. Ms. Jones and the Honey Pot Crew re-ceived, organized and distributed the dona-tions, both in the shelter and in parking lots. They also created an area for first responders that was always available for pick-ups, cleaned their showers and packed over 750 ‘‘Go Boxes’’ for first responders. As the fires began to subside, Ms. Jones ensured that any remaining donations were properly distributed to community organizations. For the past twelve years, Ms. Jones has served as the fundraising and event chair for the National Cemetery Support Committee for the National Cemetery in Dixon, CA. The com-mittee provides beautification efforts, including placing the flags on the Avenue of Flags and for Veteran’s Day. Ms. Jones’ passion stems from her mother, who was the second person laid to rest in the cemetery. Mr. Speaker, Ms. Jones is a dedicated and active community member, who is always will-ing to lend a hand and go above and beyond. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor Tamara Jones here today. 
f 
CELEBRATING LUCILLE POWELL ON HER 99TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Lucille Powell, a great Hoosier who is celebrating her 99th birthday. Lucille O. Powell was born on April 15, 1919, in Bourbon, Indiana. In June of 1938, she married her late husband Dell I. Powell, who passed away in 2006. For 68 wonderful years, they raised their family and built a beautiful life together. With six children, 19 grandchildren, 54 great-grandchildren, and 29 great-great-grandchildren, Lucille’s world is full of joy, laughter, and countless reasons to cel-ebrate. Dell heroically served our country in the Army in Germany during WWII, and Lucille supported her family, tirelessly caring for their three children. Lucille and Dell were a part of the Greatest Generation of Americans whose efforts to defend our freedom through deter-mination, hard work, and resolve led to im-mense success and prosperity for our country. Lucille and her husband continued to em-body the American Dream, working side by side, running a small business in Mishawaka. Their business undoubtedly helped fuel the local economy and provide secure jobs to hardworking Hoosiers. Their commitment to our community helped drive Indiana’s econ-omy forward and exemplified the strong eco-nomic climate in which Hoosiers are able to start and grow businesses. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Indiana’s 2nd Dis-trict, I want to thank Lucille for all she has done to make Mishawaka a wonderful place to live, work, and raise a family. Lucille stands out not only because of her hardworking Hoo-sier spirit, but also because of her devotion to her family, friends, and neighbors. Many have benefitted from her kind and car-ing nature, her endless encouragement, and her unconditional love. I ask my colleagues to join me in extending Lucille our congratula-tions and best wishes. Happy 99th Birthday, Lucille. f 
TRIMBLE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Trimble for being recognized as the 2017 Innovative Technology award win-ner by the Jefferson County Economic Devel-opment Corporation (Jeffco EDC). The Innovative Technology Award is given to a local company that is on the forefront of new and advanced technologies and a com-pany that is leading the way in aerospace, aviation, bioscience, energy or other similar in-dustries. Founded in 1978, Trimble has be-come widely known as a pioneer in GPS tech-nology, helping harness precise GPS satellite positioning for land and marine surveying. Today, the company serves many diverse in-dustries including agriculture, building con-struction, heavy civil construction, energy, transportation and utilities. While positioning is still at the core, Trimble now innovates using a wide range of technologies such as Building Information Modeling, Mixed Reality, and Artifi-cial Intelligence to help customers around the world do great things. Congratulations to Trimble for this well-de-served award, and I thank them for their con-tribution to our community. 
f 
HONORING SUSAN MOORE AS WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Susan Moore, whom 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16AP8.019 E16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE473 April 16, 2018 
I have named the 2018 Woman of the Year in Sonoma County, California. Woman of the Year recognizes women who have made im-portant contributions to California’s 5th Con-gressional District in Arts and Culture, Profes-sional Achievement, Entrepreneurship and In-novation or Community Service. Ms. Moore was born in Queens, New York and graduated from Indiana University with a Bachelor of Science and Teaching Credential. She also attended the University of California, Berkeley, where she studied English and re-ceived her California Teaching Credential. She received her master’s degree from the Raskob Institute at Holy Names College. Ms. Moore has served as the President of the Brady Campaign in Sonoma County since 2008. Her chapter is one of the strongest, most hardworking, and ardent proponents for ending gun violence in our country. She has been a leading voice and tireless advocate in our community for gun violence prevention. Her effort and determination have cultivated a network of people that are determined to re-duce gun violence. Ms. Moore also has a pas-sion for California politics. She has volun-teered extensively for candidates at the state and local level. Ms. Moore has been at the forefront of many innovative programs and organizations in Sonoma County, many of which advocate for women and girls in our community. She founded the No Name Women’s Network, a group of women from all walks of life who meet monthly to advocate on a number of issues, including literacy, equal rights and wildfire recovery. She has been an active leader of the Girl by Girl Program, for which she was recognized as the volunteer of the year in 2003, and a founder of the Advisory Board for Roseland University Prep, which have opened educational opportunities to ev-eryone in our community. Mr. Speaker, Susan Moore is an incredible member of our community whose tireless work throughout her career has benefited the women throughout Sonoma County and Cali-fornia. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor her here today. 
f 
HONORING BROWARD SENIOR HALL OF FAME INDUCTEES 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate ten exemplary men and women from Broward County who will be inducted to the Broward Senior Hall of Fame today. These outstanding citizens are individuals from all walks of life who have contributed greatly to the vibrancy and well-being of South Florida. Several have provided distinguished service on boards of organizations that benefit our communities and make Broward County the outstanding place that it is to live, raise a family, and retire. The twelve distinguished inductees are Lil-lian Bergstein of North Lauderhill, Bruce A. Blitman of Palm Beach Gardens, Elizabeth Dawson of Coral Springs, Shelly Greenberg of Delray Beach, Ann Harsh of Fort Lauderdale, Council Member Caryl Hattan of Davie, Linda Houston Jones of Pompano Beach, Gary ‘‘Lee’’ Lawson of Fort Lauderdale, Julia Ruiz of Deerfield Beach, and Renee Smoley of Weston. Again, congratulations to these outstanding individuals. I wish them the best of luck with their induction and continued service to Broward County. It is with great pleasure that I honor them, and I look forward to hearing of their continued service activities. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JAIME HERRERA BEUTLER 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, April 10, 2018, I am not recorded on three votes because I was unavoidably de-tained due to my commercial flight experi-encing mechanical issues. Had I been present, I would have voted: Yes on Roll Call 130; Yes on Roll Call 131; and Yes on Roll Call 132. 
f 
HONORING SHARON M CGRIFF PAYNE AS WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Sharon McGriff Payne whom I have named Woman of the Year in Solano County, California. Woman of the Year recognizes women who have made important contributions to California’s 5th Con-gressional District in Arts and Culture, Profes-sional Achievement, Entrepreneurship and In-novation or Community Service. Ms. McGriff Payne was born in Lake Wales, Florida and moved to Vallejo, California with her family when she was a young child. After graduating from Vallejo High School in 1967, she attended Solano Community College, San Jose State University and Sonoma State Uni-versity where she earned a degree in Jour-nalism and History. She worked as a journalist in New York, Florida and California until she retired in the late 1990s. In addition to being a journalist, Ms. McGriff Payne is a writer and historian who has re-searched the history of African Americans in Vallejo and the North Bay. Her work has un-covered long forgotten or previously unknown information about African Americans who made significant contributions to our commu-nity throughout history. She is the author of two books that chronicle the early African American presence in Vallejo and the North Bay. In the early 1990s she launched a bi- weekly newspaper, The North Bay Progress, to serve Vallejo’s African American commu-nity. For the past year and a half, Ms. McGriff Payne has volunteered with Vallejo Together Support Services, an organization that works with Vallejo’s homeless population. She has a desire to help others, especially those who are facing economic and social challenges in our community. Mr. Speaker, Sharon McGriff Payne has made an undeniable impact in Solano County through her research of North Bay African American History. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor her here today. f 
TRIBUTE TO KEITH CARPENTER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Keith Car-penter. Keith was recently awarded the United States Air Force Military Auxiliary Radio Sys-tem Certificate of Outstanding Service. The Military Auxiliary Radio System (MARS) is a Department of Defense program. Mem-bers are volunteer licensed amateur radio op-erators who provide auxiliary or emergency communications to local, national and inter-national safety organizations. Keith has logged 600 hours in five states and has recruited and trained other operators in the state. The award recognized him for outstanding service and selfless contributions. He currently serves as the Deputy Director for Region 7 of the Air Force MARS. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Keith for this award, and for providing needed services in support of our country’s safety. I am proud to represent him in the United States Congress and I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Keith and wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SECOND ANNUAL MARCH FOR SCIENCE 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in recognition of the second annual March for Science which took place this past weekend on Saturday, April 14, 2018, in Washington and at locations across the globe. I want to voice my strong support for it. While it is somewhat disheartening that there is a need for this march, I am proud to see the public celebrating the role science plays in our daily lives, supporting the future of evidence-based science, and promoting it as the foundation of our policies. Over the past year, we have seen a trou-bling increase in anti-science attitudes by some in government. We have also seen as-saults on policies underpinned by widely sup-ported and verified scientific findings. The White House Office of Science and Tech-nology Policy remains leaderless. Polarizing individuals have been nominated for key science agencies, breaking with the tradition of nominees who can garner bipartisan sup-port. Furthermore, the Environmental Protec-tion Agency is being dismantled from within and restructured to cater to the needs of in-dustry rather than the American public, and the role of science has been severely under-cut. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16AP8.022 E16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE474 April 16, 2018 
This assault on science has done great harm to policy makers’ ability to develop ap-propriate and sustainable solutions to our Na-tion’s challenges. Our research and develop-ment enterprise plays a crucial role in pro-tecting the public’s health and our nation’s en-vironment, expanding our knowledge of the universe, and inspiring a diverse new genera-tion of scientists. Mr. Speaker, it’s time to restore the public trust and ensure the integrity of science in the policymaking process. I want to thank all of those who continue to stand up in support of the toll science can and should play in ad-dressing the serious issues facing our Nation, and I want to extend our best wishes to all the marchers. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ANNE AND TYSON GREENWALT 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Anne and Tyson Greenwalt. They were honored by the Adams Community Chamber of Commerce with the Entrepreneur of the Year Award at their annual banquet earlier this year. The Entrepreneur of the Year award is given to an individual or business partners, who have taken the initiative to develop, con-tinue or expand a business in the Adams Community through exceptional vision, effec-tive leadership, and outstanding customer service. Carver’s Ridge opened in Corning in 2016, and has grown and expanded over the last two years. They host events throughout the year and recently renovated their store during that time. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Anne and Tyson for receiving this outstanding award and for working diligently in the Third Congressional district to make their community a better place to live and work. I am proud to represent them and their employees in the United States Congress and I ask that my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating Anne and Tyson and in wishing them nothing but continued success. 
f 
HONORING THE MOTORSPORT CAREER OF MARIO ANDRETTI 
HON. CHARLES W. DENT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the 25th anniversary of racing legend Mario Andretti’s final Indy car victory. He was victorious at the Phoenix International Race-way in April 1993, becoming the oldest driver ever to win an Indy-car race at the age of 53. This win was the last in a magnificent racing career that spanned across four decades. Andretti, along with his twin brother Aldo, was born in the Kingdom of Italy in 1940. Andretti demonstrated an interest in racing from an early age and began to compete when he was thirteen years old. His family moved to Nazareth, Pennsylvania in 1955 where Andretti and his brother raced on dirt tracks. In 1964, Andretti became a naturalized United States citizen. The professional racing debut for Andretti was in 1964 on the United States Automobile Club circuit. He finished eleventh in his first race at the New Jersey State fairgrounds. Dur-ing the 1965 season, he won his first profes-sional event at the Hoosier Grand Prix at Indi-anapolis Raceway Park. This win was the be-ginning of a championship season for Andretti, who at the age of 25 became the youngest IndyCar champion. He repeated as champion in 1966 and again in 1968. During the 1969 season, Andretti won his only Indianapolis 500. Andretti began competing in Formula One, the highest form of international open wheel racing, on a part-time basis in 1968. He be-came a full-time participant on the circuit in 1975 and won the Formula One world cham-pionship in 1978. Starting in 1979, the next circuit Andretti competed on was the PPG Indy Car World Series. Andretti raced in these events for sixteen years, winning the cham-pionship in 1984. He finished in the top ten of the championship standings in twelve out of the sixteen years he participated, his best mark for any racing circuit. Following the 1994 season, Andretti retired from professional rac-ing. In addition to open wheel racing, Andretti raced in fourteen NASCAR events. Although his NASCAR career was limited, he won the 1967 Daytona 500 and finished in the top ten in three of his other starts. Andretti had one of the most remarkable racing careers of all time, amassing one hun-dred and eleven total wins. Furthermore, he holds the distinction of being the only driver to ever win the Indianapolis 500, Daytona 500 and the Formula One World Championship. Andretti’s accomplishments culminated in his election to the International Motorsports Hall of Fame and being named as ‘‘Driver of the Cen-tury’’ by the Associated Press. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House to please join me in honoring the racing career of Mario Andretti, as well as the careers of his son Mi-chael and grandson Marco, and their contribu-tions to the sport of IndyCar. Mario Andretti’s accomplishments served as inspiration for modern motorsport competitors and his legacy will forever be cemented in racing history, as well as in the Lehigh Valley. f 
TRIBUTE TO JUDY LOONAN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Judy Loonan. She was honored by the Adams Community Chamber of Commerce with the Agriculturalist of the Year Award at their an-nual banquet earlier this year. The Agriculturalist of the Year Award is given to an individual that has taken the initia-tive to develop, continue or expand a business through exceptional vision, leadership, and in-novation. Judy continues operating her family beef seed stock business in its 43rd year of business. She continually looks for the best genetics, new opportunities and frequently gives back to her community. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Judy for receiving this outstanding award and for working diligently to make her community a better place to live and work. I am proud to represent her in the United States Congress and I ask that my colleagues join me in con-gratulating Judy and in wishing her nothing but continued success. f 
CONGRESSMAN BRIAN HIGGINS HONORS VETERANS HENRY AND GWEN COLON 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the accomplishments of Henry and Gwendolyn Colon, upon the rec-ognition of a lifetime together of faithful and courageous service in the U.S. Navy. Henry and Gwen Colon had quite a journey together in the Navy. Henry joined the Navy in 1974. Gwen enlisted into the Navy in 1979 be-cause she was inspired by her father William McKinley Hawkins who served in the Navy during World War II from 1943 to 1948. Gwen’s father received several medals and awards for his service in World War II and his name is listed on the African American Vet-erans of Western New York exhibit located at the Frank E. Merriweather, Jr Library on Jef-ferson Ave. in Buffalo, NY. Henry and Gwen first met on June 9, 1980 at the Navy Exchange where their barracks were located. Days later they went on their first date and only four months later Gwen knew Henry would be the man she would marry. Henry and Gwen Colon’s military serv-ice took them to several states including Cali-fornia, Virginia, Florida, and Mississippi. Gwen was also stationed in Naples, Italy and con-ducted inspections throughout the Mediterra-nean. While it was always a challenge living in two separate places throughout much of their time in the military they always found a way to be together. They were married in 1987, had a child together in 1989, and served together at the U.S. Naval Computer and Tele-communications Station Roosevelt Roads in Puerto Rico. In September of 1989 Hurricane Hugo hit Puerto Rico and Gwen brought her son back to Buffalo to her parents’ house until it was safe to return to Puerto Rico. Henry and Gwen Colon had 35 combined years of military service. Henry served from 1974 to 1993 and Gwen served from 1979 to 1995. While in the Navy they rose a combined 11 ranks. They received many medals and awards. Henry Colon received the Good Con-duct Medal with two bronze stars, Navy Expe-ditionary Medal with one bronze star, National Defense Service Medal, Armed Forces Expe-ditionary Medal with one bronze star, Humani-tarian Service Medal, Navy and Marine Corps Overseas Ribbon with one bronze star, the Navy Sea Deployment Ribbon with one bronze star, and the United States Coast Guard Meritorious Unit Commendation with Distinguished Device. Gwen was awarded the Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal, Meritorious Unit Commendation, Good Con-duct Medal, National Defense Service Medal, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16AP8.026 E16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE475 April 16, 2018 
Humanitarian Service Medal, Navy and Marine Corps Overseas Service Ribbon with one bronze star, United States Coast Guard Spe-cial Operation Service Ribbon, and the New York State Medal for Merit. After many years of service Yeoman Sec-ond Class Gwen Colon was honorably dis-charged from the Navy and worked as a para-legal for a prominent attorney and Henry be-come Company Commander at the Recruit Training Center in Orlando, FL. Radioman First Class Henry Colon was honorably dis-charged in 1993. In 1999, Gwen returned to Buffalo where she worked at the Buffalo VA Medical Center. Unfortunately, Henry Colon passed away in 2002. Gwen retired from the Buffalo VA Medical Center in 2009 but never stopped advocating for veterans and their fam-ilies. In 2015 Gwen started volunteering for the Patriot Guard Riders. Mr. Speaker, I thank you for allowing me a few moments to recognize Henry and Gwen Colon. It is an honor to recognize them as an example of veterans who were dedicated to serving in the military for the betterment of our nation. Henry and Gwen represent the strong resolve and determination of the people of Buffalo and their commitment to furthering their ambitions through hard work. They serve as inspiration to others by showing that our citizens can overcome challenges in their quest to serve our country. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARY PORTER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Mary Por-ter. Mary was awarded the Presidential Medal at the Lions Club International Iowa state con-vention. Mary was recognized at the event as a faithful aide to her husband as Chaplain for many years. She travels to locations through-out the state, providing meaningful memorial services for Lions members who have passed. She uses her ventriloquist skills to recruit new members to the Lions organization. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Mary for receiving this outstanding award as a faithful volunteer. I am proud to represent her in the United States Congress and I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Mary and wishing her nothing but continued success. 
f 
HONORING VICTIMS OF THE HOLOCAUST 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise for this Holocaust Remembrance Week to honor the people murdered by the Nazis dur-ing the Holocaust, especially the six million Jews singled out for genocide. The methods of mass murder were unspeakable, horrifying and modern. The anti-Semitic hate fueling the killing was an ancient, persistent evil, a dis-ease of the heart that dehumanizes and de-stroys. The late, iconic Holocaust survivor Elie Wiesel wrote that ‘‘The anti-Semite is an ideo-logical fanatic and pathological racist. An anti- Semite is someone who never met me, never heard of me, yet he hates me.’’ In addition, neighbors, colleagues, and friends, being mur-dered, strangers, from the youngest to the old-est, were targeted and annihilated merely for being Jewish or being perceived to be Jewish. Children were even taught to hate the Jew-ish people, informally at home and formally at schools and through organizations like Hitler Youth. This wicked ideology was imposed on countries conquered by the Nazis. Several generations of Germans and other Europeans were infected by this poison and it may take several generations more for it to be purged from the body of Europe. Families were robbed of lives, homes were robbed of their belongings, and countries were robbed of the talents of their Jewish citizens. Europe, indeed the world, has been poorer because of this theft. We will never know which cultural, scientific, and other gifts, past, present, and future, were consumed by the carnage of the Holocaust. It may be tempting to think of the Holocaust as history from long ago. In the span of human history the Holocaust was close enough to be more like the present than the past. Some survivors are still alive, witnessing to the resilience of the Jewish people over the millennia, and perpetrators continue to be prosecuted. Anti-Semitism did not end with the Holocaust. Anti-Semitic evil is still evident locally and globally. In my district, the Congregation Sons of Israel synagogue was recently vandalized for the second time in nine months. This time cowardly criminals spray-painted 666 on an outdoor Holocaust memorial and drew a swas-tika-like symbol on a nearby pick-up truck. For all of America in 2016, the latest year for which the FBI has issued hate crimes sta-tistics, fifty four percent of the victims of anti- religion criminal offenses were Jewish. Every year since Congress began requiring the FBI to collect and report these figures in 1996, more victims of anti-religious hate crimes have been Jewish than any other religious group. Witnesses testified at a hearing I chaired last year on ‘‘Anti-Semitism Across Borders’’ that extremist groups in the United States are using, modifying, adapting, and boosting the anti-Semitic tactics and strategies of extrem-ists in Europe—which has been the site of so many violent and deadly attacks on Jewish communities in recent years. Anti-Semitism is hard-wired into the ide-ology, propaganda, radicalization, targeting, and operations of terrorist groups like ISIS and Al-Qaeda. Neo-Nazis and fringe political ele-ments in Europe are openly promoting anti- Semitism. Segments of Muslim society in Eu-rope have been sources of anti-Semitic inci-dents, including refugees and migrants who arrive with the anti-Jewish and anti-Israel atti-tudes of their countries and regions of origin. Anti-Semitism has become mainstream across the political and economic spectrum in many European countries to a degree unseen since World War II. The rise of anti-Semitism in Latin America reflects trends in Europe as well as in some instances the influence of Iran and its terrorist proxies like Hezbollah that threaten Israel and Jewish communities everywhere. The Boycott, Divest, and Sanctions move-ment, more commonly known as BDS, is a vi-cious example what the great Natan Sharansky rightfully called ‘‘new anti-Semi-tism’’: Anti-Semitism under the guise of criti-cizing the State of Israel. This new anti-Semi-tism is rampant on college and university cam-puses and is even found among local govern-ments. Modern anti-Jewish hatred is as out-rageous as older anti-Semitism. We must fight anti-Jewish hatred until it is defeated. The safety and security of Jewish communities is paramount and must be prioritized—particularly through strengthened and new partnerships between law enforce-ment agencies and these communities. Our domestic law enforcement agencies at every level have to ensure they are focused on an-ticipating, preventing and responding to anti- Semitic crimes. Iran, ISIS, Hezbollah, and other terrorist entities that threaten Israel and Jewish communities elsewhere must be con-fronted. Stand we must and stand we will with Jew-ish communities so that they are able to flour-ish without fear. f 
TRIBUTE TO DONNA AND RAYMOND SHIELDS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Donna and Raymond Shields of Diagonal, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wed-ding anniversary. They celebrated this anni-versary on February 4, 2018. Donna and Raymond’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this meaningful occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued happiness. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DONNA WALLACE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Donna Wallace. Donna retired from the Adair County 4–H Program on February 28, 2018 after 24 years of service. 4–H in Iowa is designed specifically to pre-pare our young people to be successful, con-tributing members of society, and empower them to reach their full potential through explo-ration and varied experiences. Donna worked hard to build the Adair County program to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16AP8.030 E16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE476 April 16, 2018 
the best that it could be. She is leaving behind a strong program for the youth of Adair Coun-ty to take part in for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Donna for this milestone, and for providing leadership to Adair County’s 4–H program. I am proud to represent her in the United States Congress and I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Donna and wishing her nothing but continued success. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHERYL AND RICH WATSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Cheryl and Rich Watson of Anita, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anni-versary. They celebrated their anniversary on January 28, 2018. Cheryl and Rich’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. KEITH LEONARD 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and congratulate Dr. Keith Leonard of Atlantic, Iowa for receiving the Distin-guished Service Award given by the Atlantic Chamber of Commerce. Dr. Leonard has dem-onstrated dedication, encouragement, commit-ment and extended service to the Atlantic community. Dr. Leonard describes himself as a ‘‘people person.’’ ‘‘I’m not the only person that does a lot of volunteering,’’ he said. If someone needs help, Dr. Leonard wants to extend a helping hand to give assistance. He is very active in his community, volunteering his time with the Atlantic Chamber of Commerce, a school-to- work committee, the State of Iowa Veterinary Examiners Board, and the local Knights of Co-lumbus. Dr. Leonard said he was surprised when he received the award, but he is very appreciative of the honor, and will continue to help the best he can. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Dr. Leonard for receiving this outstanding award. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating him for his commitment to the citizens of Atlantic and in wishing him nothing but contin-ued success. TRIBUTE TO LANA AND DELBERT WESTPHALEN HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Lana and Delbert Westphalen of Atlantic, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They celebrated on January 27, 2018. Lana and Delbert were married at St. Paul’s Lutheran Church in Atlantic, Iowa in 1968. Lana and Delbert’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DORIS AND KEN BARTLETT 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Doris and Ken Bartlett of Creston, Iowa, on the very spe-cial occasion of their 70th wedding anniver-sary. They celebrated their anniversary on January 16, 2018. Doris and Ken’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 70th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 70th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them both nothing but the best. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, April 17, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
APRIL 18 Time to be announced Committee on Veterans’ Affairs Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Paul R. Lawrence, of Vir-ginia, to be Under Secretary for Bene-fits of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and Joseph L. Falvey, Jr., of Michigan, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims. TBA 9:30 a.m. Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine exploitation of older Americans by guardians and others they trust. SD–562 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine abusive robocalls and how to stop them. SR–253 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine the appro-priate role of states and the Federal government in protecting groundwater. SD–406 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of David Williams, of Illinois, Robert M. Duncan, of Kentucky, and Calvin R. Tucker, of Pennsylvania, each to be a Governor of the United States Postal Service. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Patent and Trademark Office. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the Marra-kesh Treaty to Facilitate Access to Published Works for Persons Who Are Blind, Visually Impaired, or Otherwise Print Disabled, done at Marrakesh on June 27, 2013 (Marrakesh Treaty) (Trea-ty Doc. 114–06). SD–419 2 p.m. Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans To hold hearings to examine the history and structure of the multiemployer pension system. SD–215 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-opment To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Army Corps of Engineers and the Bureau of Reclama-tion within the Department of the In-terior. SD–430 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AP8.034 E16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE477 April 16, 2018 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Housing and Urban Development. SD–192 Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities To hold hearings to examine accelerating new technologies to meet emerging threats. SR–232A Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security To hold hearings to examine Olympic abuse, focusing on the role of national governing bodies in protecting our ath-letes. SR–253 Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine the 30th anniversary of tribal self-gov-ernance, focusing on successes in self- governance and an outlook for the next 30 years. SD–628 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Border Security and Im-migration To hold hearings to examine strength-ening and reforming America’s immi-gration court system. SD–226 3:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Airland To hold hearings to examine Air Force modernization in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Pro-gram. SR–222 APRIL 19 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the posture of the Department of the Navy in re-view of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2019 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. SD–G50 Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine the semi-annual testimony on the Federal Re-serve’s supervision and regulation of the financial system. SD–538 10 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense To hold closed hearings to examine an intelligence program update and global threat assessment. SVC–217 Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Health and Human Services. SD–124 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold an oversight hearing to examine energy-related challenges and opportu-nities in remote and rural areas of the United States. SD–366 Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine tackling opioid and substance use disorders in Medicare, Medicaid, and human serv-ices programs. SD–215 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 994, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for the protection of commu-nity centers with religious affiliation, S. 2644, to ensure independent inves-tigations and judicial review of the re-moval of a special counsel, and the nominations of John B. Nalbandian, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, Kari A. Dooley, to be United States District Judge for the District of Connecticut, Dominic W. Lanza, to be United States District Judge for the District of Ari-zona, Michael Y. Scudder, of Illinois, and Amy J. St. Eve, of Illinois, both to be a United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, Charles J. Wil-liams, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Iowa, and Joseph H. Hunt, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Attorney General, Steven L. Gladden, to be United States Marshal for the Middle District of North Carolina, Nicola T. Hanna, to be United States Attorney for the Central District of California, Brendan O. Heff-ner, to be United States Marshal for the Central District of Illinois, and Theodor G. Short, to be United States Marshal for the District of Maine, all of the Department of Justice. SD–226 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing regarding certain intelligence matters. SH–219 APRIL 24 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the posture of the Department of the Air Force in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. SD–G50 10 a.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry To hold hearings to examine the state of rural America. SR–328A Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Harry B. Harris, Jr., of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Common-wealth of Australia, Jonathan R. Cohen, of California, to be the Deputy Representative to the United Nations, with the rank and status of Ambas-sador, and the Deputy Representative in the Security Council of the United Nations, and to be Representative to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, during his ten-ure of service as Deputy Representa-tive to the United Nations, and Jackie Wolcott, of Virginia, to be Representa-tive to the Vienna Office of the United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador, and to be Representative to the Inter-national Atomic Energy Agency, with the rank of Ambassador, all of the De-partment of State. SD–419 APRIL 25 2:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine H.R. 597, to take lands in Sonoma County, Cali-fornia, into trust as part of the reserva-tion of the Lytton Rancheria of Cali-fornia, and H.R. 1491, to reaffirm the action of the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for the benefit of the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Mission Indians. SD–628 APRIL 26 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the Depart-ment of Defense budget posture in re-view of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2019 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. SH–216 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M16AP8.000 E16APPT1
D394 Monday, April 16, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2131–S2189 Measures Introduced: Twelve bills and seven reso-lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 2669–2680, S.J. Res. 59, and S. Res. 464–469.
                  Page S2141 
Measures Reported: S. 146, to strengthen accountability for deploy-ment of border security technology at the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. (S. Rept. No. 115–230) H.R. 2825, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Homeland Security, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                                            Page S2141 
Measures Passed: Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate: Senate agreed to S. Res. 465, electing Michael C. Stenger as Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate.
                                                                             Page S2188 
Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate: Senate agreed to S. Res. 466, notifying the President of the United States of the election of a Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate.
               Page S2188 
Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate: Senate agreed to S. Res. 467, notifying the House of Representatives of the election of a Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate.
                            Page S2188 
Kids to Parks Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 468, designating May 19, 2018, as ‘‘Kids to Parks Day’’. 
                                                                                            Page S2188 
House Messages: Amending the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act: Senate resumed consideration of the amendment of the House of Representatives to S. 140, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantifica-tion Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund, taking action of the fol-lowing motions and amendments proposed thereto: Rejected: McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on Indian Af-fairs, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 2229, to change the enactment date. (Senate tabled the motion.)                                                                  Page S2137 
McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 2227 (to the amendment of the House to the bill), to change the enactment date. (Senate tabled the motion.)
                                                                  Page S2137 
Pending: McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill.
                                              Page S2131 
McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill, with McConnell (for Thune) Amendment No. 2232 (to the amendment of the House to the bill), in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                                            Page S2137 
McConnell Amendment No. 2233 (to Amend-ment No. 2232), to change the enactment date. 
                                                                                            Page S2137 
McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 2234, to change the en-actment date.
                                                               Page S2137 
McConnell Amendment No. 2235 (to (the in-structions) Amendment No. 2234), of a perfecting nature.
                                                                     Pages S2137–38 
McConnell Amendment No. 2236 (to Amend-ment No. 2235), of a perfecting nature.
       Page S2138 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill, with McConnell Amend-ment No. 2232 (to the amendment of the House to the bill), and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Wednesday, April 18, 2018.
                                                                                Page S2137 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 55 yeas to 41 nays (Vote No. 74), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on McConnell motion to con-cur in the amendment of the House to the bill. 
                                                                                            Page S2137 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16AP8.REC D16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D395 April 16, 2018 
McConnell Amendment No. 2230 (to (the in-structions) Amendment No. 2229), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on Indian Affairs, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 2229 (listed above), was tabled. 
                                                                                            Page S2137 
McConnell Amendment No. 2231 (to Amend-ment No. 2230), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell Amendment No. 2230 (to (the instruc-tions) Amendment No. 2229) (listed above), fell. 
                                                                                            Page S2137 
McConnell Amendment No. 2228 (to Amend-ment No. 2227), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 2227 (to the amendment of the House to the bill) (listed above), was tabled.
                           Page S2137 
Bridenstine Nomination-Agreement: Senate began consideration of the nomination of James Bridenstine, of Oklahoma, to be Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. 
                                                                                            Page S2138 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to S. 140, to amend the White Moun-tain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund, with a further amendment. 
                                                                                            Page S2138 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S2138 
Muniz Nomination-Agreement: A unanimous-con-sent-time agreement was reached providing that at approximately 10:00 a.m., on Tuesday, April 17, 2018, Senate begin consideration of the nomination of Carlos G. Muniz, of Florida, to be General Coun-sel, Department of Education, under the previous order of Monday, April 9, 2018; and that the time until 12:30 p.m. be equally divided between the two Leaders or their designees.                                    Page S2188 
Nomination Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nomination: Ronny Lynn Jackson, of Texas, to be Secretary of Veterans Affairs.
                                                         Page S2189 
Nomination Discharged: The following nomina-tion were discharged from further committee consid-eration and placed on the Executive Calendar: Hannibal Ware, of the Virgin Islands, to be In-spector General, Small Business Administration, which was sent to the Senate on October 16, 2017, from the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs.
                                    Page S2189 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2139 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S2139 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S2139 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S2139–41 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2141–42 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S2142 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S2143–88 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—74)
                                                                   Page S2137 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 7:14 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, April 17, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2188.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 6 public bills, H.R. 5520–5525; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 832 were introduced.
                                               Page H3342 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H3342–43 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 4403, to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to protect personally identifiable information, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–639); H. Res. 830, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5192) to authorize the Commissioner of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16AP8.REC D16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD396 April 16, 2018 
Social Security to provide confirmation of fraud pro-tection data to certain permitted entities, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–640); and H. Res. 831, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5444) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modernize and improve the Internal Revenue Service, and for other purposes, and pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5445) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to im-prove cybersecurity and taxpayer identity protection, and modernize the information technology of the In-ternal Revenue Service, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–641).
                                                         Page H3342 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Marshall to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H3319 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:02 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H3319 
Committee Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-resentative Sablan wherein he resigned from the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs.
                        Page H3320 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:08 p.m. and recon-vened at 4:59 p.m.
                                                   Page H3320 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Authorizing the Secretary of the Interior to es-tablish fees for medical services provided in units of the National Park System: H.R. 3607, amended, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to establish fees for medical services provided in units of the Na-tional Park System;
                                          Pages H3320–21 
West Fork Fire Station Act: H.R. 4609, to pro-vide for the conveyance of a Forest Service site in Dolores County, Colorado, to be used for a fire sta-tion;
                                                                          Pages H3321–22 
Kissimmee River Wild and Scenic River Study Act of 2018: H.R. 3961, amended, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate segments of the Kissimmee River and its tributaries in the State of Florida for study for potential addition to the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System; 
                                                                                    Pages H3322–23 
Eastern Band of Cherokee Historic Lands Reac-quisition Act: H.R. 146, amended, to take certain Federal lands in Tennessee into trust for the benefit of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 383 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 140;
                                                             Pages H3323–25, H3328 
James K. Polk Presidential Home Study Act: H.R. 443, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to study the suitability and feasibility of designating the James K. Polk Home in Columbia, Tennessee, as a unit of the National Park System; and                                                                                     Pages H3326–27 
National Memorial to Fallen Educators Act: S. 167, to designate a National Memorial to Fallen Educators at the National Teachers Hall of Fame in Emporia, Kansas, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 384 yeas to 1 nay, Roll No. 141.
         Pages H3327, H3328–29 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:40 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H3327 
Resignation of the Chaplain of the House of Representatives: Read a letter from the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy in which he submitted his resigna-tion as Chaplain of the House of Representatives, ef-fective May 24, 2018.
                                             Page H3329 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H3328 and H3328–29. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 8:56 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
PROTECTING CHILDREN FROM IDENTITY THEFT ACT; TAXPAYER FIRST ACT; 21ST CENTURY IRS ACT Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 5192, the ‘‘Protecting Children from Identity Theft Act’’; H.R. 5444, the ‘‘Taxpayer First Act’’; and H.R. 5445, the ‘‘21st Century IRS Act’’. The Committee granted, by voice vote, a closed rule that provides for the consideration of H.R. 5192. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–68 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. The Committee granted, by voice vote, a closed rule that provides for the consideration of H.R. 5444 and H.R. 5445. The rule provides one hour of debate on each bill equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of each bill. The rule provides that the respective amendments in the nature of a substitute rec-ommended by the Committee on Ways and Means 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16AP8.REC D16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D397 April 16, 2018 
now printed in each bill shall be considered as adopted and each bill, as amended, shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in each bill, as amended. The rule provides each bill one motion to recommit with or without instructions. The rule directs the Clerk to, in the engrossment of H.R. 5444, add the text of H.R. 2901, H.R. 5437, H.R. 5438, H.R. 5439, H.R. 5440, H.R. 5443, H.R. 5445, and H.R. 5446, as passed by the House, as a new matter at the end of H.R. 5444 and make technical and conforming modifications in the engrossment. The rule provides that upon the addition of H.R. 2901, H.R. 5437, H.R. 5438, H.R. 5439, H.R. 5440, H.R. 5443, H.R. 5445, and H.R. 5446, as passed by the House, to the engrossment of H.R. 5444, H.R. 2901, H.R. 5437, H.R. 5438, H.R. 5439, H.R. 5440, H.R. 5443, H.R. 5445, and H.R. 5446 shall be laid on the table. Testimony was heard from Chairman Brady of Texas, and Representatives Lewis of Geor-gia, Jenkins of Kansas, Polis, and Sherman. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D386) 
H.R. 4547, to amend titles II, VIII, and XVI of the Social Security Act to improve and strengthen the representative payment program. Signed on April 13, 2018. (Public Law 115–165) S. 772, to amend the PROTECT Act to make In-dian tribes eligible for AMBER Alert grants. Signed on April 13, 2018. (Public Law 115–166) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, APRIL 17, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Defense, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the National Guard and Reserve, 10 a.m., SD–192. Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Admiral Philip S. Davidson, USN, for reappointment to the grade of admiral and to be Com-mander, United States Pacific Command, and General Terrence J. O’Shaughnessy, USAF, for reappointment to the grade of general and to be Commander, United States Northern Command, and Commander, North American Aerospace Defense Command, both of the Department of Defense, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Subcommittee on SeaPower, to hold hearings to exam-ine Navy shipbuilding programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Thelma Drake, of Virginia, to be Federal Transit Administrator, Department of Transportation, Jeffrey Nadaner, of Mary-land, to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce, and Seth Daniel Appleton, of Missouri, to be an Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Karl L. Schultz, to be Admiral and to be Commandant of the Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold an oversight hearing to examine deferred maintenance and operational needs of the National Park Service, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine United States policy in Yemen, 10 a.m., SD–419. House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Transpor-tation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Office of Public and In-dian Housing, 9:30 a.m., 2358–A Rayburn. Subcommittee on Homeland Security, budget hearing on the U.S. Coast Guard, 10 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies, budget hearing entitled ‘‘Member Day’’, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Indian Health Service, 10 a.m., 2007 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Gov-ernment, budget hearing on the General Services Admin-istration, 10 a.m., 2362–B Rayburn. Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, budget hearing entitled ‘‘Members of Congress and Outside Witnesses’’, 10 a.m., HT–2 Capitol. Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies, budget hearing entitled ‘‘Member Day’’, 10:30 a.m., H–309 Capitol. Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Af-fairs, and Related Agencies, budget hearing entitled ‘‘Member Day’’, 1 p.m., 2358–A Rayburn. Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Food and Drug Administration, 1:30 p.m., 2362–A Rayburn. Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, budget hearing on the Government Accountability Office, 2 p.m., HT–2 Capitol. Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Promoting DoD’s Culture of Innovation’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Request for Missile Defense and Missile Defeat Programs’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16AP8.REC D16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD398 April 16, 2018 Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Fraud, Mismanagement, Non- Compliance, and Safety: The History of Failures of the Corporation for National and Community Service’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-ergy, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and the FY2019 Budget’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘From Core to Edge: Perspective on Internet Prioritization’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Semi-Annual Testimony on the Federal Re-serve’s Supervision and Regulation of the Financial Sys-tem’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Housing Choice Voucher Program: An Oversight and Review of Legislative Proposals’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Ray-burn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5040, the ‘‘Export Control Reform Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5129, the ‘‘Global Food Security Reauthor-ization Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5480, the ‘‘Women’s Entre-preneurship and Economic Empowerment Act’’; and H.R. 5274, the ‘‘Global Electoral Exchange Act’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘Reinforcing the U.S.-Taiwan Relationship’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence, hearing entitled ‘‘State Sponsors of Terrorism: An Examination of Iran’s Global Terrorism Network’’, 10 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Bureau of Prisons’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet, hearing entitled ‘‘Safeguarding Trade Secrets in the United States’’, 2 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing on H.R. 4528, to make tech-nical amendments to certain marine fish conservation statutes, and for other purposes; H.R. 5248, the ‘‘Sustain-able Shark Fisheries and Trade Act’’; and H.R. 1456, the ‘‘Shark Fin Sales Elimination Act of 2017’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub- committee on Healthcare, Benefits and Administrative Rules; and Subcommittee on Government Operations, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Continued Oversight Over the In-ternal Revenue Service’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-mittee, markup on legislation on the Innovations in Men-toring, Training, and Apprenticeships Act; and H.R. 5503, the ‘‘National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion Authorization Act of 2018’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Economic Growth, Tax, and Capital Access, hearing entitled ‘‘Small Business Retirement Plans and the IRS’ Employee Plans Fee Change’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Mate-rials, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Surface Transpor-tation Board Reauthorization Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Health, hearing on H.R. 1506, the ‘‘VA Health Care Provider Education Debt Relief Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2322, the ‘‘In-jured and Amputee Veterans Bill of Rights’’; H.R. 3832, the ‘‘Veterans Opioid Abuse Prevention Act’’; H.R. 4334, the ‘‘Improving Oversight of Women Veterans’ Care Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4635, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to increase the number of peer-to-peer counselors providing counseling for women veterans, and for other purposes; and legislation to authorize VA to conduct and support research on the efficacy and safety of medicinal cannabis; and legislation to make certain improvements in the Family Caregiver Program, 3:30 p.m., 334 Can-non. Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Jobs and Opportunity: Federal Perspectives on the Jobs Gap’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Select Committee on Budget and Appropriations Process Reform: to hold hearings to examine opportunities to sig-nificantly improve the Federal budget process, 10:30 a.m., HVC–210. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of April 17 through April 20, 2018 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will begin consideration of the nomination of Carlos G. Muniz, of Florida, to be General Counsel, Department of Education. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: April 17, Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to hold hearings to examine pro-posed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the National Guard and Reserve, 10 a.m., SD–192. April 18, Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-opment, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget es-timates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Army Corps of Engineers and the Bureau of Reclamation within the Department of the Interior, 2:30 p.m., SD–430. April 18, Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and jus-tification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Housing and Urban Development, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16AP8.REC D16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D399 April 16, 2018 April 19, Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the De-partment of Health and Human Services, 10 a.m., SD–124. April 19, Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to hold closed hearings to examine an intelligence program update and global threat assessment, 10 a.m., SVC–217. Committee on Armed Services: April 17, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Admiral Philip S. David-son, USN, for reappointment to the grade of admiral and to be Commander, United States Pacific Command, and General Terrence J. O’Shaughnessy, USAF, for reappoint-ment to the grade of general and to be Commander, United States Northern Command, and Commander, North American Aerospace Defense Command, both of the Department of Defense, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. April 17, Subcommittee on SeaPower, to hold hearings to examine Navy shipbuilding programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. April 18, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Ca-pabilities, to hold hearings to examine accelerating new technologies to meet emerging threats, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. April 18, Subcommittee on Airland, to hold hearings to examine Air Force modernization in review of the De-fense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, 3:30 p.m., SR–222. April 19, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the posture of the Department of the Navy in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: April 17, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Thel-ma Drake, of Virginia, to be Federal Transit Adminis-trator, Department of Transportation, Jeffrey Nadaner, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce, and Seth Daniel Appleton, of Missouri, to be an Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, 10 a.m., SD–538. April 19, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the semiannual testimony on the Federal Reserve’s super-vision and regulation of the financial system, 9:30 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: April 17, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Karl L. Schultz, to be Admiral and to be Commandant of the Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, 10 a.m., SR–253. April 18, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine abusive robocalls and how to stop them, 10 a.m., SR–253. April 18, Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security, to hold hearings to examine Olympic abuse, focusing on the role of national governing bodies in protecting our athletes, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: April 17, to hold an oversight hearing to examine deferred mainte-nance and operational needs of the National Park Service, 10 a.m., SD–366. April 19, Full Committee, to hold an oversight hearing to examine energy-related challenges and opportunities in remote and rural areas of the United States, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: April 18, to hold hearings to examine the appropriate role of states and the Federal government in protecting groundwater, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: April 19, to hold hearings to ex-amine tackling opioid and substance use disorders in Medicare, Medicaid, and human services programs, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: April 17, to hold hear-ings to examine United States policy in Yemen, 10 a.m., SD–419. April 18, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the Marrakesh Treaty to Facilitate Access to Published Works for Persons Who Are Blind, Visually Impaired, or Otherwise Print Disabled, done at Marrakesh on June 27, 2013 (Marrakesh Treaty) (Treaty Doc.114–06), 10:30 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: April 18, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of David Williams, of Illinois, Robert M. Duncan, of Kentucky, and Calvin R. Tucker, of Pennsylvania, each to be a Governor of the United States Postal Service, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: April 18, to hold an over-sight hearing to examine the 30th anniversary of tribal self-governance, focusing on successes in self-governance and an outlook for the next 30 years, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: April 18, to hold an over-sight hearing to examine the Patent and Trademark Of-fice, 10 a.m., SD–226. April 18, Subcommittee on Border Security and Immi-gration, to hold hearings to examine strengthening and reforming America’s immigration court system, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. April 19, Full Committee, business meeting to con-sider S. 994, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for the protection of community centers with re-ligious affiliation, S. 2644, to ensure independent inves-tigations and judicial review of the removal of a special counsel, and the nominations of John B. Nalbandian, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, Kari A. Dooley, to be United States District Judge for the District of Connecticut, Dominic W. Lanza, to be United States District Judge for the District of Ari-zona, Michael Y. Scudder, of Illinois, and Amy J. St. Eve, of Illinois, both to be a United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, Charles J. Williams, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Iowa, and Joseph H. Hunt, of Maryland, to be an Assistant At-torney General, Steven L. Gladden, to be United States Marshal for the Middle District of North Carolina, Nicola T. Hanna, to be United States Attorney for the Central District of California, Brendan O. Heffner, to be United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16AP8.REC D16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD400 April 16, 2018 States Marshal for the Central District of Illinois, and Theodor G. Short, to be United States Marshal for the District of Maine, all of the Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: April 18, business meet-ing to consider the nominations of Paul R. Lawrence, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary for Benefits of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, and Joseph L. Falvey, Jr., of Michigan, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims, Time to be announced, Room to be announced. Select Committee on Intelligence: April 19, to receive a closed briefing regarding certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. Special Committee on Aging: April 18, to hold hearings to examine exploitation of older Americans by guardians and others they trust, 9:30 a.m., SD–562. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, April 18, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 2, the ‘‘Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, April 18, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the U.S. Forest Service, 9:30 a.m., 2007 Ray-burn. April 18, Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, budget hearing entitled ‘‘Member Day’’, 10 a.m., 2358–A Ray-burn. April 18, Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies, budget hear-ing entitled ‘‘Health and Human Services Biodefense Ac-tivities’’, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. April 18, Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government, budget hearing on the Office of Management and Budget, 10 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. April 18, Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Bu-reau of the Census, 10:30 a.m., H–309 Capitol. April 18, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Devel-opment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Office of the Secretary of Agriculture, Department of Agriculture, 1:30 p.m., 2362–A Rayburn. April 18, Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, budget hearing on the Office of Compliance, 2 p.m., HT–2 Cap-itol. April 18, Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government, budget hearing on the Judiciary, 2 p.m., 2358–C Rayburn. April 18, Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, budget hearing on the Congressional Budget Office, 3 p.m., HT–2 Capitol. April 19, Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-opment, and Related Agencies, budget hearing entitled ‘‘Member Day’’, 9 a.m., 2362–B Rayburn. April 19, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, budget hearing entitled ‘‘Member Day’’, 9:30 a.m., 2007 Rayburn. April 19, Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, budget hearing on the Depart-ment of State and Foreign Operations Programs, 9:30 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, April 18, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight and Reform of the Depart-ment of Defense ‘4th Estate’ ’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. April 18, Subcommittee on Readiness, hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2019 Energy, Installations and Environment Budget Request’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. April 18, Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Ground Force Modernization Budget Request for Fiscal Year 2019’’, 3 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. April 19, Subcommittee on Readiness, hearing entitled ‘‘Army Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Request Readiness Pos-ture’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. April 19, Subcommittee on Military Personnel, hearing entitled ‘‘Military Health System Reform: Pain Manage-ment, Opioids Prescription Management and Reporting Transparency’’, 10:30 a.m., 2212 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, April 18, Sub-committee on Energy, markup on H.R. 4606, the ‘‘En-suring Small Scale LNG Certainty and Access Act’’; H.R. 5174, the ‘‘Energy Emergency Leadership Act’’; H.R. 5175, the ‘‘Pipeline and LNG Facility Cybersecurity Pre-paredness Act’’; H.R. 5239, the ‘‘Cyber Sense Act’’; and H.R. 5240, the ‘‘Enhancing Grid Security through Pub-lic-Private Partnerships Act’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. April 19, Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection, hearing entitled ‘‘Do Not Call: Combating Robocalls and Caller ID Spoofing’’, 10 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, April 18, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Policy Toward a Turbulent Middle East’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. April 18, Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats, hearing entitled ‘‘The Dayton Legacy and the Future of Bosnia and the Western Balkans’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. April 18, Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘Libya Fractured: The Struggle for Unity’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, April 18, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘From Boston to Austin: Lessons Learned on Homeland Threat Information Sharing’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on Natural Resources, April 18, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 788, the ‘‘Target Practice and Marksmanship Training Support Act’’; H.R. 1026, the ‘‘North Country National Scenic Trail Route Adjustment Act’’; H.R. 1037, to authorize the National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation to establish a com-memorative work in the District of Columbia and its en-virons, and for other purposes; H.R. 2991, the ‘‘Susque-hanna National Heritage Area Act’’; H.R. 3400, the ‘‘Recreation Not Red-Tape Act’’; H.R. 4069, to amend the Migratory Bird Treaty Act to clarify the treatment of authentic Alaska Native articles of handicraft containing nonedible migratory bird parts, and for other purposes; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16AP8.REC D16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D401 April 16, 2018 and H.R. 4645, the ‘‘East Rosebud Wild and Scenic Riv-ers Act’’, 10:15 a.m., 1324 Longworth. April 18, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Re-sources, hearing on H.R. 3846, the ‘‘Power Counties Act’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, April 18, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Top Management and Performance Challenges Identified Government-wide by the Inspector General Community’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Ray-burn. April 18, Subcommittee on Information Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Game Changers: Artificial Intelligence Part III, Artificial Intelligence and Public Policy’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. April 19, Subcommittee on Government Operations, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Tax-Exempt Private Activity Bonds for All Aboard Florida’s Brightline Passenger Rail System’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, April 18, Subcommittee on Research and Technology, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Composite Materials—Strengthening Infrastructure Development’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, April 18, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘An Examination of the Small Business Administration’s 7(a) Loans to Poultry Farmers’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, April 19, Sub-committee on Department of Defense Intelligence and Overhead Architecture, hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Hearing #2’’, 9 a.m., HVC–304. This hear-ing will be closed. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Select Committee on Budget and Appropriations Process Reform: April 17, to hold hearings to examine opportuni-ties to significantly improve the Federal budget process, 10:30 a.m., HVC–210. Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans: April 18, to hold hearings to examine the history and structure of the multiemployer pension system, 2 p.m., SD–215. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16AP8.REC D16APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD402 April 16, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, April 17 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will begin consideration of the nomination of Carlos G. Muniz, of Florida, to be General Counsel, Department of Education. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, April 17 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H.R. 5192— Protecting Children from Identity Theft Act (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue. 
HOUSE Beutler, Jaime Herrera, Wash., E473 Blunt Rochester, Lisa, Del., E469 Carbajal, Salud O., Calif., E466 Collins, Doug, Ga., E466, E471 Dent, Charles W., Pa., E474 Deutch, Theodore E., Fla., E469, E473 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E474 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E473 Luja´n, Ben Ray, N.M., E465 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E469, E470 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E466, E467, E467, E468, E469, E470, E470, E471, E472, E472 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E468 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E475 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E466, E471 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E467 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E466, E467, E468, E469, E470, E470, E471, E472, E472, E473 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E468, E472 Wenstrup, Brad R., Ohio, E465 Young, David, Iowa, E473, E474, E474, E475, E475, E475, E476, E476, E476, E476 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D16AP8.REC D16APPT1