Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H905 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 2018 No. 24 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Thank You, God, for giving us an-other day. Please bless the Members of the people’s House and the men and women of the Senate in these waning days of funding for the government. May their efforts to find a workable solution to difficult issues result in legislation that will redound to the benefit of our Nation. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-woman from Florida (Mrs. M
URPHY ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE HEROISM OF PORT AUTHORITY OFFICER SEAN GALLAGHER (Mr. LANCE asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank and recognize the her-oism of a constituent of New Jersey’s Seventh Congressional District. This past December, the Port Au-thority of New York & New Jersey came under attack by a terrorist set on the destruction of American lives. One of the officers responsible for thwart-ing the terrorist’s plot was Port Au-thority Officer Sean Gallagher. Many lives were saved that day as a direct re-sult of the quick and decisive actions of Officer Gallagher of Hunterdon County, New Jersey. Those who know Sean Gallagher per-sonally were not surprised when they learned that he had played a decisive role in foiling the attack and appre-hending the Port Authority bomber. In the aftermath of the attack, many of Officer Gallagher’s friends and ac-quaintances were asked what character traits Officer Gallagher possessed, and a common theme emerged: a strong work ethic and a patriotic desire to protect his community and Nation. Mr. Gallagher will receive the Port Authority PBA’s Cop of the Year award this Friday. I cannot think of an offi-cer more deserving than Officer Sean Gallagher, and I congratulate him for his heroism. f 
CELEBRATING THE 325TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE COLLEGE OF WILLIAM & MARY (Mrs. MURPHY of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Madam Speaker, as a member of the class of 2000, I rise to celebrate the 325th anni-versary of the College of William & Mary. William & Mary may be the second oldest college in America, but it is first in the hearts of its students and alum-ni. The college educated many of our Nation’s Founding Fathers and con-tinues to take pride in producing grad-uates who enter public service, includ-ing four current Members of Congress. Like it has for so many others, Wil-liam & Mary changed my life. As the daughter of refugees from Vietnam who became residents of Virginia, I was the first woman in my family to attend college. I arrived on campus feeling a little alone and more than a little nervous. Yet, from the moment I walked through Wren Portico as a freshman to the moment I rang the Wren bell after my last class as a sen-ior, William & Mary always made me feel that I was part of a close-knit com-munity, a tribe, if you will, bound to-gether by pride and tradition. I learned so much during my 4 years on campus, creating friendships and making memories that have lasted a lifetime. So, to William & Mary the in-stitution and to those whose efforts have made it such a special place, I say, ‘‘Thank you, and happy birthday.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:20 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE7.000 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH906 February 7, 2018 
EXPRESSING HOPE FOR AN IMPROVED IMMIGRATION SYSTEM (Mr. CURTIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CURTIS. Madam Speaker, I real-ize that few policy topics are more ten-uous and challenging than immigration reform, but I believe, before us now, is a unique window of opportunity that will allow us to solve some of these complex problems. We can make this a historic time for our country. As we come together to find solutions for more than 800,000 DREAMers, we need to take advantage of this moment to also address addi-tional aspects of our broken immigra-tion system. My hope is that Congress will pass a bill that provides certainty for DREAMers while also bringing meaningful improvements to our visa programs for seasonal workers and our highly skilled immigrants, along with providing resources for enhanced bor-der security. We know that not every special in-terest group will get everything they want, but I believe, if we work to-gether, we can give the American peo-ple exactly what they expect: an im-proved immigration system that we desperately need. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SCHOOL COUNSELOR DANA ZAPANTA AND DESIG-NATING THIS WEEK NATIONAL SCHOOL COUNSELING WEEK (Ms. SA´NCHEZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. SA´NCHEZ. Madam Speaker, I rise to recognize the tireless work of school counselors across the country and in the 38th District of California, whom I am honored to represent. These public servants guide students through academic, social, and personal develop-ment. Dana Zapanta, a counselor at Artesia High School in my district, is exactly the type of champion that students need. Dana, a 12-year counseling vet-eran, has been instrumental in the de-velopment of Artesia’s Career Tech-nical Education program. She also co-ordinates numerous events, including AP Student Night and college fairs. Thanks in part to her unwavering com-mitment to students, the graduation rate is nearly 99 percent. Despite the important contributions counselors like Dana make every day, counseling positions are not always protected when local budgets are cut. The average student-to-counselor ratio in our Nation’s public schools is almost double the ratio recommended by the American School Counselor Associa-tion. Students deserve to have the support of school counselors like Dana. That is why I am proud to introduce a resolu-tion to designate this week as National School Counseling Week. I urge my colleagues to join me in honoring these selfless professionals. f 
DEBT JUNKIE SPENDING BILL (Mr. BROOKS of Alabama asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Madam Speaker, Republicans won the House in 2010 in part because of the danger posed by America’s 4-year string of trillion- dollar deficits. House Republicans sliced America’s deficit to $438 billion in 2015, but then our finances took a dramatic turn for the worse. America’s deficit surged to $585 billion in 2016 and $666 billion in 2017. Congress is expected to soon vote on a debt junkie spending bill that blows America’s deficit sky-high by hundreds of billions of dollars in 2018 alone. Madam Speaker, there is a narrow path between adequate national secu-rity funding and avoiding a national insolvency that decimates our military and risks American lives. That path is as narrow as Zion National Park’s An-gels Landing Trail. One misstep left or right and you fall hundreds of feet to your death. The Senate spending bill is a debt junkie’s dream, a nightmare, and a misstep that plunges America into dis-aster. It must not pass. 
f 
HONORING FOUNDING MEMBER OF THE BEACH BOYS, MIKE LOVE (Mr. ISSA asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ISSA. Madam Speaker, I come to the House floor today to speak about a husband, a father, an avid environ-mentalist with over 55 years’ experi-ence in just one profession. Madam Speaker, I come here to speak about and to honor the life of Mike Love, a founding member of The Beach Boys, one of the most popular music groups of all time, a group that has enter-tained us on The Mall of the Capitol more than any other band in history, a patriotic group that speaks in lyrics that are timeless. Love has spent an extraordinary 55 years and counting as the group’s lead singer and one of its principal lyricists, with 13 gold albums, 55 Top 100 hits, and 4 singles alone. He, himself, wrote the lyrics to the great pop classics ‘‘Good Vibrations,’’ ‘‘California Girls,’’ ‘‘Surfin’ USA,’’ and ‘‘Kokomo,’’ for the father. The Beach Boys, from their Cali-fornia roots, have, in fact, been a glob-al ambassador for California and for America. But more importantly, at a time in which words are sometimes vulgar or unintelligible, that is never the case with The Beach Boys. They sing of the greatness of our country, of our lands, and particularly of Cali-fornia. So, with the unprecedented success and continuation of this band under Mike Love’s leadership, I ask that we honor him again as a father, a husband, an environmentalist, and, yes, a man who has given us the most beautiful, layered music of American modern his-tory as it continues 55 years on. f 
ASKING FERC TO DO WHAT IS RIGHT FOR DOWNEAST MAINE (Mr. POLIQUIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. POLIQUIN. Madam Speaker, Downeast Maine, along the Canadian border, is one of the most stunningly beautiful parts of the world, but, sadly, it is also one of the poorest. During the past 30 years, Madam Speaker, most of our paper mills in Maine have closed because of high taxes, harmful regulations, unfair trade, and a declining demand for paper. However, Madam Speaker, the Woodland Pulp and tissue mill is doing quite well: 500 well-paying jobs with benefits, the largest private sector em-ployer in Washington County, in Downeast Maine. Today, Madam Speaker, the Federal Government has a chance to help. Since 1836, the Woodland mill has man-aged an upriver Forest City water stor-age dam to make sure the river and the lake levels in the area are properly maintained, and this makes sure that the fragile and world-class salmon and bass fisheries are protected. But now, Madam Speaker, the Fed-eral Energy Regulatory Commission is demanding that the Woodland mill spend $6 million on a fish ladder and other requirements in order to renew its license. But the dam already has a fish ladder that works fine, and it does not generate any electricity for the mill, and it cannot afford the $6 million price tag for these unnecessary require-ments. Now, the Maine Legislature, Madam Speaker, has already voted to allow Maine Inland Fisheries & Wildlife to assume control of the dam to make sure this wildlife habitat and the prop-erty owners are protected and that the mill can continue to prosper without these undue and unnecessary regula-tions. Madam Speaker, I ask today, right now, that FERC do what is right and allow the transfer of the ownership of this dam from the mill to the State of Maine, which solves this critically im-portant problem in one of the poorest areas of the country. 
f 
MORTGAGE CHOICE ACT OF 2017 Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 725, I call up the bill (H.R. 1153) to amend the Truth in Lending Act to improve upon the definitions provided for points and fees in connection with a mortgage transaction, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:20 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.002 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H907 February 7, 2018 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1153 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Mortgage Choice Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITION OF POINTS AND FEES. 
(a) A MENDMENT TO SECTION 103 OFTILA.— Section 103(bb)(4) of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1602(bb)(4)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(B)’’ and in-serting ‘‘paragraph (1)(A) and section 129C’’; (2) in subparagraph (C)— (A) by inserting ‘‘and insurance’’ after ‘‘taxes’’; (B) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘, except as retained by a creditor or its affiliate as a re-sult of their participation in an affiliated business arrangement (as defined in section 2(7) of the Real Estate Settlement Proce-dures Act of 1974 (12 U.S.C. 2602(7))’’ after ‘‘compensation’’; and (C) by striking clause (iii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(iii) the charge is— ‘‘(I) a bona fide third-party charge not re-tained by the mortgage originator, creditor, or an affiliate of the creditor or mortgage originator; or ‘‘(II) a charge set forth in section 106(e)(1);’’; and (3) in subparagraph (D)— (A) by striking ‘‘accident,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘or any payments’’ and in-serting ‘‘and any payments’’. (b) A
MENDMENT TO SECTION 129C OFTILA.— Section 129C of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1639c) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(5)(C), by striking ‘‘103’’ and all that follows through ‘‘or mortgage originator’’ and inserting ‘‘103(bb)(4)’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(2)(C)(i), by striking ‘‘103’’ and all that follows through ‘‘or mort-gage originator)’’ and inserting ‘‘103(bb)(4)’’. 
SEC. 3. RULEMAKING. 
Not later than the end of the 90-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection shall issue final regulations to carry out the amendments made by this Act, and such regulations shall be effective upon issuance. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN ). Pursuant to House Resolu-tion 725, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
ENSARLING ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and submit extraneous material on H.R. 1153, currently under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. b0915 Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-port of H.R. 1153, the Mortgage Choice Act of 2017. I would like to start out thanking my colleague, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ) for his tire-less leadership on this issue, having ushered this very same legislation through our committee in three dif-ferent Congresses. The purpose of H.R. 1153 is simple: to provide much-needed regulatory red tape relief to our community financial institutions so they can serve their customers; so they can provide them more mortgages. This is a straight-forward piece of legislation. It is prac-tical, it is necessary, and, Madam Speaker, it is bipartisan. Now, you may hear today, Madam Speaker, from some of our Democratic colleagues that ‘‘we oppose the bill.’’ We heard that claim in the Rules Com-mittee earlier this week. But I do find it interesting that no amendments were offered during committee mark-up, nor were any amendments offered at the Rules Committee. I remind all on the House floor, Madam Speaker, that the Financial Services Committee favorably reported this bill to the House with a strong bipartisan vote of 46–13, which means almost half of the Democrats on our committee supported this bill; and in the 113th Congress, Madam Speaker, this bill passed by voice vote—not a single objection. Madam Speaker, this bill would help make homeownership more affordable for working Americans and would pro-mote access to affordable mortgage credit for low- and moderate-income families and first-time home buyers. It does this while continuing to protect consumers. The Mortgage Choice Act is needed because the CFPB wrote a flawed and problematic definition that grossly miscalculates points and fees. The re-sult is that many mortgage loans, par-ticularly those for low- and moderate- income borrowers, would not meet the standards of a qualified mortgage and thus not get made. Currently, CFPB rules include affili-ated title charges under a 3 percent cap when determining whether a mortgage is a qualified mortgage, but it doesn’t include unaffiliated. This does not make sense. The CFPB rules are detri-mental, again, to low- and moderate- income borrowers and first-time home buyers since they are more likely to have smaller loan amounts and, there-fore, more easily trigger the 3 percent cap. That means under the current defini-tion, many mortgage applicants will be denied homeownership opportunities simply because they do not fit into the government box; or the only mortgages in the alternative available to them might be at far higher interest rates, making them unaffordable for many. In other words, the CFPB’s defective defi-nition has ended up protecting many consumers right out of their oppor-tunity to buy a home. H.R. 1153, from the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ), would change the way points and fees are cal-culated by excluding fees paid for af-filiated title charges and escrow charges for insurance and taxes. That would, therefore, Madam Speaker, in-crease homeownership opportunities for borrowers by allowing more loans to meet the QM standard. Let’s not just listen to me, Madam Speaker. Let’s listen to our community financial institutions that we expect to help our constituents. A credit union from Washington explained how this was affecting everyday Americans. They wrote: ‘‘A member at our credit union wanted to buy down his rate on his mortgage with cash out of pocket at closing in order to lower the pay-ments for his retirement. However, doing so would have made his total points and fees higher than allowed under ATR/QM, and there was no allow-able way around the problem.’’ From my native Texas, a community banker wrote in and said: ‘‘The great-est frustration our customers have is our bank’s inability to now make home loans. For years we made loans to peo-ple for the purchase of their homes. We would do about one every other week. So it was not a large volume. It was a good service. We always made these loans to keep in our loan portfolio. We never sold any home loans, but with the new requirements for home loans, it has driven us out of this kind of business. It has also taken us out of the construction lending on homes because we cannot risk the risk of a takeout commitment failing. The consumer is the loser.’’ Indeed, that is true, Madam Speaker. As I mentioned earlier, Mr. HUIZENGA  has worked on this bill for the past two Congresses again. In the 113th Con-gress, it passed by voice vote. It passed by an overwhelming majority of 286–140 in the 114th Congress. I trust the third time will be the charm. I urge all of my colleagues to do what is right for our constituents and to pass H.R. 1153 to provide open access for Americans to purchase a home. Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I rise today in oppo-sition to H.R. 1153, the so-called Mort-gage Choice Act of 2017. Unfortunately, this bill is yet an-other attempt to undermine the strong consumer protections Democrats estab-lished under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act, taking us back to the days of the subprime bubble. While some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have forgotten those days, I haven’t. I remember how predatory lenders targeted unsuspecting home buyers by hiding fees and obscuring loan costs, tricking them into exploding mortgages and locking them into loans that they real-ly couldn’t afford. Millions of home buyers were steered into high-cost, subprime loans even 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:20 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.003 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH908 February 7, 2018 
when they qualified for prime mort-gages, and lenders didn’t even bother to verify whether or not borrowers had the ability to repay their mortgages. They weren’t required to do that, so they didn’t. The end result was ramp-ant fraud on a massive scale to mil-lions of foreclosures and a tremendous loss of generational wealth, particu-larly for Black homeowners. Some of my constituents are still struggling and trying to recover from the finan-cial devastation that occurred during this financial crisis. The last thing Congress should do is to open the door to a return to these fraudulent and harmful policies, yet that is exactly what H.R. 1153 would do. This bill seems like a technical fix to allow affiliated title insurance and settlement services firms to be ex-cluded from the qualified mortgage rule’s 3 percent cap on upfront points and fees paid by borrowers. But make no mistake, there is nothing technical about this. In fact, this bill would allow title insurance companies to jack up prices on borrowers and allow lend-ers to receive what would otherwise be illegal kickbacks. Under this bill, lenders, including re-peat offender megabanks, like Wells Fargo, would have new opportunities to reap huge financial profits at their customers’ expense by steering them into costly title insurance policies that have no cap on fees whatsoever. Prior to the enactment of Dodd- Frank, lenders were able to earn tre-mendous profits through lucrative kickbacks paid by their affiliates. The Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, or RESPA, prohibits giving a fee kickback or thing of value in exchange for a referral of business related to a real estate settlement service. But this kickback prohibition does not apply to affiliated companies of lenders, like a title insurance firm. To avail them-selves of this kickback loophole, some lenders have bought or created busi-nesses to enable them to profit directly from the relationship. So Dodd-Frank established the re-sponsible underwriting practice of re-quiring lenders to verify a borrower’s ability to repay when they originate a loan. Dodd-Frank also enabled lenders to obtain some legal protections when making residential mortgages if those loans are considered a qualified mort-gage or QM. To be considered QM, a loan must have terms and conditions that are un-derstandable to borrowers and not con-tain predatory features considered to be unfair or deceptive. QM loans, for example, can’t be interest-only loans, longer than 30 years, or have balloon payments. Specific to the bill we are considering today, the amount of up-front points and fees on QM loans can-not exceed 3 percent of the total amount of the loan. In short, QM loans are supposed to be low risk, prudently underwritten, and free from the type of features associ-ated with those predatory mortgages that trapped borrowers in loans they couldn’t afford and that led to the fi-nancial crisis. The points and fees cap included under the QM definition includes, among other things, real estate-related fees paid to affiliates of the lender for services, such as property appraisals, settlement services, and title insur-ance. Fees paid to affiliates of the lend-er pose greater risks to borrowers since lenders cannot steer borrowers directly to their affiliates without open com-petition, and higher prices charged by affiliates directly benefit the lenders. Affiliate title insurance is especially problematic. The title insurance indus-try is notoriously opaque. Due to a lack of competition and readily avail-able information on terms and pricing, consumers do not shop around for title insurance as they might for other prod-ucts and services. Megabanks, like Wells Fargo, have used title insurance to take advantage of consumers through illegal kickbacks schemes. The Consumer Bureau took an en-forcement action in 2015 against Wells Fargo and JPMorgan Chase, ordering those megabanks to pay more than $24 million in civil penalties and more than $11 million to consumers harmed by their kickback schemes with Gen-uine Title, a now defunct title com-pany. At the time, Director Cordray said: ‘‘These banks allowed their loan offi-cers to focus on their own illegal finan-cial gain rather than on treating con-sumers fairly. Our action today to ad-dress these practices should serve as a warning for all those in the mortgage market.’’ Madam Speaker, these kickback schemes continue despite Congress’ ef-forts to shut them down, and would likely increase if H.R. 1153 is enacted. Because H.R. 1153 would remove fees that are charged by a lender’s affiliate title insurance company from the QM fee cap, the bill directly encourages lenders to, once again, steer borrowers to their affiliates so they can extract even more money from them. Now, supporters of the bill argue that, because individual States provide adequate regulation over the title in-surance industry, it is unnecessary, they say, to have additional safeguards related to affiliated title companies and the fees they charge. However, re-search from the National Association of Insurance Commissioners shows that State laws do not, by themselves, offer robust protection to consumers with title insurance. More than half of all States don’t even collect data from title agents. Some States have ‘‘no par-ticular standard’’ for determining whether title insurance rates are ade-quate, and even a couple, like Illinois and Arkansas, do not regulate title in-surance rates at all. Congress should be strengthening prohibitions on kickbacks, not weak-ening them. We should enable bor-rowers to get the best price, terms, and conditions on mortgage loans instead of creating more ways for these megabanks, like Wells Fargo, to gouge American consumers. When Congress considered this same measure last term, the Obama adminis-tration issued a veto threat, stating that the bill ‘‘risked eroding consumer protections and returning the mort-gage market to the days of careless lending focused on short-term profits.’’ Madam Speaker, buying a home is likely the largest purchase most con-sumers will ever make. For this reason alone, Congress should absolutely re-ject proposals like H.R. 1153 that would permit residential mortgage lenders to take advantage of borrowers trying to achieve the American Dream. Finally, a long list of groups, includ-ing civil rights groups, such as the NAACP and the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, as well as consumer groups at the National, State, and local level, like Americans for Financial Reform, National Con-sumer Law Center, and the Center for Responsible Lending, all oppose this so-called Mortgage Choice Act. So for all of these reasons, I strongly urge my colleagues to join me in oppos-ing H.R. 1153. Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, I yield myself 10 seconds to say that, if the ranking member would read sec-tion 8(a) of RESPA, she would realize everything she said was false because it prevents any fee, kickback, or thing of value. Second of all, what she describes as a harmful and fraudulent policy was sup-ported by half of her Democrats, in-cluding her vice ranking member, Mr. K
ILDEE from Michigan. Madam Speaker, I yield 6 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ), who is the sponsor of the legislation and the chairman of the Fi-nancial Services Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities, and In-vestments. b0930 Mr. HUIZENGA. Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1153. As someone who worked in the hous-ing industry, in fact, for the third gen-eration, this is a very important issue to me and, more importantly, to all of our constituents across the country. The qualified mortgage/ability-to- repay rule, as mandated by the Dodd- Frank Act, went into effect in January 2014. This QM rule is the primary means for mortgage lenders to satisfy its ability-to-repay requirements. Ad-ditionally, Dodd-Frank provides that a QM may not have points and fees in ex-cess of 3 percent of the loan amount. So far, so good. As currently defined, however, points and fees include, among other charges: salaries paid to loan officers; loan level price adjustments, as the chairman was talking about, which are traditionally known as points; payments by lenders to correspondent banks, credit unions, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:20 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.005 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H909 February 7, 2018 
and mortgage brokers in wholesale transactions; and, as has been dis-cussed, fees paid to affiliated, but not unaffiliated, title companies; and—this is the one that is most bizarre of all— amounts of insurance and taxes held in escrow. That counts towards that 3 per-cent. As a result of this confusing and problematic definition, many affiliated loans, particularly those made to low- and moderate-income borrowers, would not qualify as QMs. Without that des-ignation, it is unlikely the loan would be made. And if it were, it would only be available at higher rates, due to the heightened liability risks. Consumers would lose the ability to take advan-tage of the convenience and market ef-ficiencies offered by one-stop shopping. Hardworking Americans utilize one- stop shopping every day. They partake in it. For example, in west Michigan, we have the headquarters of Meijer. It is a great regional supermarket chain, and it is where families across the Mid-west go to buy groceries, pick up clothes for the kids, and pick up auto parts. It is one-stop shopping that al-lows you to get just about everything you need for your home. Well, purchasing a home is one of the most important decisions a family makes. Why shouldn’t they have the same ability to take advantage of that same cost-effective convenience of one- stop shopping when buying a home? I, along with Representative G
REG-
ORYMEEKS , reintroduced H.R. 1153, bi-partisan legislation to modify and clar-ify the way points and fees are cal-culated and help families across Amer-ica to one-stop shop. This legislation is narrowly focused to promote access to affordable mort-gage credit without overturning the important consumer protections and sound underwriting required under Dodd-Frank’s ability-to-repay provi-sions. As the chairman pointed out, also. The RESPA provisions that are Federal law stay in place. Very similar legislation overwhelm-ingly passed the House of Representa-tives last Congress as well as in the 113th. I think it is important to note that when we first introduced this bill in 2012, it looked substantially different. However, working with my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, we worked together to improve the legis-lation. The result has been a truly bi-partisan effort at every step of the way in the legislative debate. Specifically, H.R. 1153 would do a couple of things. It would provide equal treatment for affiliated versus unaffili-ated title fees. It doesn’t change the 44 States that have a regulated title in-surance cost structure. It doesn’t change any of those costs that a home-owner would have. It just allows them to actually go lower, rather than high-er. It also clarifies the treatment of in-surance held in escrow. These two sim-ple, commonsense changes will pro-mote access to affordable mortgage credit for low- and moderate-income families and, indeed, all families, espe-cially first-time home buyers, by en-suring that safe, properly underwritten mortgages pass the QM test. Whether or not you supported Dodd- Frank, it is clear that the law is going to require some tweaks to ensure quali-fied borrowers aren’t locked out of home ownership and the beneficial fea-tures of a qualified mortgage. The QM represents the best mortgage on the market. It is the gold standard. And it should be the gold standard. We should want more responsible people getting QMs, not fewer. Quite frankly, this is something we should all agree on. In fact, we did last year. Our bill doesn’t touch any of the CFPB’s strict underwriting criteria. It doesn’t, in any way, suspend a lender’s legal requirement to determine that a borrower has the ability to repay that loan. The ranking member points out a real problem that happened in the in-dustry and that, frankly, many of us in the industry warned of, but this does nothing that allows State regulated title insurance to be violated or any of those Federal steps regarding the qualified mortgage. It, in no way, side-steps RESPA or QM requirements. Mr. Speaker, I must admit that I am completely baffled by the ranking member’s new opposition to this bill. This bill was very carefully negotiated in order to receive bipartisan support, which the ranking member voted for previously. In fact, she was so sup-portive that she, along with 11 other Democrats from the committee, sent a letter, dated August 1, 2014, to the Sen-ate urging them to ‘‘quickly adopt the Mortgage Choice Act.’’ Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  the letter of August 1, 2014. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, August 1, 2014. D
EAR MAJORITY LEADER REID, CHAIRMAN  J
OHNSON AND MEMBERS OF THE SENATE COM-
MITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , ANDURBAN AF-
FAIRS : On June 9, the House passed the Mort-gage Choice Act (H.R. 3211), on the suspen-sion calendar without objection. Senators Manchin and Johanns introduced a com-panion bill, S. 1577 in October, but it has not yet been considered. We support the Mort-gage Choice Act because of our concern about lower-income consumers’ access to credit and their ability to select the mort-gage and title insurance providers of their choice. Passage of H.R. 3211 represents the fourth time that the House has approved virtually identical legislation without objection. In 2007 and 2009, a Democratic House majority passed essentially the same provision in the Miller-Watt-Frank anti-predatory lending legislation, and then a third time as part of the House’s version of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act in 2010. The Mortgage Choice Act simply excludes the cost of title insurance from the defini-tion of points and fees under the Truth in Lending Act regardless of whether a title in-surance agent is affiliated with a mortgage lender or not. It also clarifies that funds held in escrow for the payment of property insur-ance do not count as ‘‘points and fees.’’ The legislation is needed to ensure that smaller loans to creditworthy low and moderate-in-come consumers can select the mortgage lender and title insurance provider of their choice and obtain a ‘‘qualified mortgage,’’ the gold standard for all mortgages. The bill authorizes the Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau to implement rules governing the exclusion of reasonable title insurance charges from ‘‘points and fees.’’ It preserves the Bureau’s strong enforcement authority to require transparency and dis-closure of affiliations and charges under the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (RESPA). In fact, the CFPB has been vig-orous in its pursuit of RESPA violations, ranging from minor disclosure errors to kick-backs for referrals by an unaffiliated title company. We urge you and the entire Senate to quickly adopt the Mortgage Choice Act to improve access to credit, enhance competi-tion among title insurance providers, and re-inforce the CFPB’s authority to define what title insurance costs qualify as excludable ‘‘points and fees.’’ Sincerely, David Scott; Maxine Waters; Emanuel Cleaver; Henry Cuellar; Daniel T. Kil-dee; Jim McDermott; Patrick Murphy; Gerald E. Connolly; Michael F. Doyle; Betty McCollum; Gregory W. Meeks; Gary C. Peters. Mr. HUIZENGA. In the letter, she stated that the bill would ‘‘improve ac-cess to credit’’ and ‘‘enhance competi-tion among title insurance providers.’’ Well, I couldn’t agree more with the ranking member. She talks now of kickbacks. I am confused as to how an affiliated title structure, pricing structure, versus an unaffiliated title purchase is somehow a kickback. I am confused at how an escrow, money that is ours that is put into a holding account to be used later to pay off debt, is a kickback. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
ONOVAN ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Michigan an additional 30 seconds. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I wish I had time to yield to the gentlewoman to hear that answer. She is talking about megabanks. This is, frankly, just a red herring in this whole thing. Congress has the opportunity to help more Americans realize a portion of the American Dream, not by some grandiose law or decree, but by simply reforming a burdensome regulation. Home ownership has been a pillar in American life for generations. Today, we can reaffirm that pillar and reassert that home ownership can and should be an attainable goal. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Representative M
EEKS , and many oth-ers who have worked so tirelessly on this to fix this flawed provision, and I encourage all of my colleagues to vote for H.R. 1153. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to correct the chairman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:20 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.008 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH910 February 7, 2018 
He said that RESPA prohibits kick-backs. While RESPA prohibits paying kickbacks to third-party title agen-cies, the law does not prohibit pay-ments to affiliated title firms. This incentivizes a title agency to be affili-ated so it can gain the payment option without violating RESPA, including af-filiated title insurance fees in the QM defines points and fees caps, provides important market pressure to control costs for consumers, and supports ac-cess to credits. By the way, when we talk about RESPA, we are talking about the real estate settlement procedures that de-fine all of this. So let’s be clear again that, while RESPA prohibits paying kickbacks to third-party title agents, the law does not prohibit payments to affiliated title firms. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ), chairman of the Financial Services Sub-committee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit. Mr. LEUTKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I want to start by thanking the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ). He has worked on this bill for some time, and I appreciate his commitment to the issue of access to mortgage cred-it. His background is such that he un-derstands this issue, being in the real estate business and the retail develop-ment business. So this is something he is passionate about and really has an in-depth knowledge of. I know Mr. H
UIZENGA has seen in Michigan what I have seen in Missouri and around the Nation: the regulatory regime governing the mortgage market is growing overly complex and becom-ing, as a result, inaccessible for far too many borrowers. In a Financial Institutions Sub-committee hearing held earlier this year, we had a situation where a credit union executive came in and had a huge file about 3-inches thick. I asked him: Can you tell me how many pages are in that file? He said: Congressman, we no longer measure by the page; we measure by the pound. That is how out of whack our system has become with regard to trying to make home mort-gage loans. These regulatory burdens associated with making home loans have forced many institutions completely out of the market altogether. I have a num-ber of banks in my area that no longer make home loans because of these overly burdensome rules and regula-tions and costs that have to be passed onto the consumers. The CFPB’s qualified mortgage rule has had particular success in limiting access to mortgage credit for many consumers who may otherwise be deemed to be qualified borrowers. The Mortgage Choice Act seeks to change some of this by increasing competition in the mortgage and title insurance markets. This bipartisan legislation does so by clarifying and recalibrating the points and fees limitations in-cluded in the Dodd-Frank qualified mortgage framework. The current situation doesn’t make sense, Mr. Speaker. If a consumer chooses an unaffiliated title insurance provider, the transaction doesn’t count towards points and fees. But if that consumer chooses to work with an af-filiated provider, it does. Despite what you may hear, this ar-bitrary stipulation in the points and fees definition doesn’t protect con-sumers. It punishes them by limiting and, in some cases, eliminating mort-gage and housing options, pushing more and more loans farther and far-ther away from QM status. Like too many of the rules handed out by the CFPB, it is the consumer that loses. Simply put, the goal of H.R. 1153 is to help low-and middle-income borrowers as well as prospective first-time buyers realize the American Dream: owning their own home. I thank the gentleman from Michi-gan for his leadership on this issue. I urge strong support for the legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. WAGNER ), the chair of the Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Oversight and Inves-tigations. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1153, the Mortgage Choice Act, provides needed clarity to the calculation of points and fees for qualified mortgages, or QM, especially for those companies affiliated with real estate brokers. Established under the ability-to- repay/QM section of the Truth in Lend-ing Act, H.R. 1153 would amend the def-inition of points and fees and allow more loans to qualify, thus increasing choices for all borrowers. Chairman H
UIZENGA ’s bipartisan leg-islation does not create a QM loophole like some would argue. Instead, H.R. 1153 rightly attempts to level the play-ing field, regardless of whether the lender is affiliated with a title agency or not. In addition, H.R. 1153 does not allow high-cost loans to qualify as QMs. By allowing loans with the same points and fees to be treated equally under the law, Chairman H
UIZENGA ’s bill cor-rects one of the many flaws of the post- Dodd-Frank era. Thanks to the Mortgage Choice Act, it will now be easier for low- and mod-erate-income Americans to buy a home. I commend my colleague, Chair-man H
UIZENGA , for his bipartisan work on this issue, and I urge all Members to support this legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, for the life of me, I can-not understand why my colleagues on the opposite side of the aisle would be in support of anything that would cause a home buyer to have to pay more money in fees when they are tak-ing out a mortgage. On a $400,000 mortgage, you are talk-ing about you want to go beyond a $12,000 cap, which is 3 percent? Why would you want to do that to a home-owner? What we are saying is, under QM and what we worked so hard to establish, was to put a cap on all of these fees so that the homeowners, the home buyers, would not be paying more than 3 per-cent of that mortgage. We think that is fair. Now you want to open up the flood gates so that these title companies can increase the amount of that they are charging and go beyond the 3 percent. How much higher do you want it to go? Do you want them to be able to go up to 4 percent or 5 percent with these homeowners who are paying downpayments and who are trying to get into homes? Why is it you want to expand beyond a 3 percent cap on the average hardworking home buyer in this country? I don’t get it. I don’t understand it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ), the vice chairman of the Financial Services Subcommittee on Financial Institu-tions and Consumer Credit. b0945 Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my support for H.R. 1153, the Mortgage Choice Act. As a co-sponsor of the bill and the vice chair-man of the Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit Subcommittee, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support its passage. As we all know, community financial institutions continue to close or merge at an alarming rate. We just saw an ar-ticle the other day that about 1,700 branches across the country have closed, and to go through some of the towns in western Pennsylvania where you see the only branch closed is strik-ing. As we all know, community financial institutions continue to close or merge at an alarming rate. Bit by bit, fami-lies across America are losing access to vital financial products like home mortgages. Regulations like the quali-fied mortgage, or QM rule, make it even harder for Americans to get a mortgage and realize the dream of homeownership. For small mortgages, points and fees can often exceed 3 percent, which leads these mortgages to be designated as higher priced non-QM loans. This dis-courages financial institutions from lending to Americans with moderate incomes and first-time home buyers; that is why, because loans aren’t there. Chairman H
UIZENGA ’s bill wisely ad-dresses this issue by excluding several items from the calculation of QM 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:20 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.009 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H911 February 7, 2018 
points and fees. The bill excludes charges paid to an affiliate of the lend-er for title examination or title insur-ance services and insurance premiums held in escrow. By excluding these items from the calculation, the bill will allow more loans to qualify as QM, opening up more credit to potential home buyers, and it will facilitate one-stop shopping. This is good for the community finan-cial institutions that many Americans rely on for their financial service prod-ucts. It will help our constituents back home access the funds they need to ac-complish the dream of homeownership. Chairman H
UIZENGA ’s legislation pro-vides smart, targeted relief from the unintended consequences of burden-some regulations. Again, banks aren’t making loans. We want to encourage those first-time home buyers, the mod-erate-income home buyers to be able to have access to mortgages. That is why I support this bill, and I again urge my colleagues to vote for the Mortgage Choice Act. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I don’t think I heard my colleague correctly when he said that this bill had something to do with encouraging first-time home buyers. It has nothing to do with encouraging first-time home buyers. As a matter of fact, if we proceed with this bill that is before us today that they are supporting, it will dis-courage first-time home buyers and home buyers in general because what they are doing is they are increasing the possibility for more points and fees that have to be paid when we have a cap now at 3 percent, which any rea-sonable person would know makes good sense. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. T
ROTT ), a member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the bipartisan, common-sense Mortgage Choice Act, sponsored by the Congressman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ). Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be a cosponsor of this legisla-tion, which will make mortgages more affordable for low- and moderate-in-come families. In the wake of the financial crisis, Congress directed the CFPB, the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau, to create a definition for so-called quali-fied mortgages. Congress wanted to en-sure that consumers were not sold predatory loans and that good faith in-vestors were not buying mortgages de-signed to fail. Unfortunately, the Bureau’s rule-making drove originators from the in-dustry and made loans more expensive in the process. This burden will fall mostly on low- and middle-income fam-ilies, the very people the CFPB was created to help. The rule promulgated by the CFPB czar limits consumer options, causes consumers to pay more, and does noth-ing to make mortgages any safer. It is this sort of illogical rulemaking that makes Michiganders more and more frustrated by what they see in Wash-ington. We need to ensure that our gov-ernment prosecutes fraud, predatory lending, and unethical practices, but it should not be in the business of under-mining an industry that plays such a critical role in the dream of homeown-ership. You know, when mortgages become more expensive, it is America’s low- and middle-income families that suffer the most. Homeownership is the cor-nerstone of the American Dream. It builds communities, provides families with stability, and, hopefully, creates equity for retirement. The government should be helping this dream, not cre-ating silly, illogical obstacles. Over the past several years, I have worked with my colleagues to refocus the Bureau on its core mission of pro-tecting consumers. I am glad that Act-ing Director Mulvaney has begun to do so, and I am encouraged that Congress is doing its part to rein in this rogue bureaucracy. This bill does nothing to threaten the underlying safety of the QM rule and does not erode vital consumer protec-tions. It simply helps ensure that con-sumers have choices to reduce their mortgage costs along the way. Now, the ranking member opposes this bill, as she believes it will usher in a new era of fraudulent subprime, dan-gerous loans riddled with kickbacks and inflated title fees. I am not sure how money held in escrow would ever be a kickback, and her description of the title industry is completely incor-rect. It is a highly regulated industry in most States, and the State that she mentioned, Illinois, is extremely com-petitive and extremely regulated. I am not sure what bill the ranking member believes we are debating today, but the Mortgage Choice Act will not result in any of the problems she describes—all great scare tactics, great theater, a great political sound bite, but, unfortunately, all fiction, all inaccurate. Her flip-flop on this bill is at least, at the minimum, very puz-zling; but, if everything she says is cor-rect, I certainly feel bad for all the Democrats. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, I feel bad, if everything she says is true, for all the Democrats who unanimously passed this bill in the 113th Congress. Mr. Speaker, the American people de-serve better than a partisan discussion about something that is nothing more than a technical correction of an unin-tended consequence. Again, I thank my friend, Mr. H
UIZENGA , for his leadership, and I en-courage all of my colleagues to join in supporting this bipartisan solution. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. My friends on the opposite side of the aisle just dislike qualified mortgage. They dislike QM. And a lot of the argu-ments that you have heard had nothing to do, really, with this bill, itself, but more with the fact that they have al-ways wanted to dismantle the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau, who has the responsibility of imple-menting QM. So they will talk about everything from access to credit to you name it, but it has nothing to do with the fact that they are here with a bill that is trying to open up opportunities for af-filiated title companies to be able to charge home buyers more money than would be allowed under QM. The fact of the matter is we have a 3 percent cap on all points and fees in the legislation that we created to pro-tect homeowners—3 percent. Why is it they want to open it up so that home buyers have to pay more than 3 percent on all of these points and fees? As a matter of fact, I get questions all the time, particularly from first- time home buyers asking me: What are all these points and fees that I have to pay? Do you mean to tell me that on a $400,000 loan, they are going to rip off $12,000 on points and fees or more? And we have to explain that we have kept it to 3 percent. But now they want to open up the floodgates, and they want to say that these affiliated companies can charge more on points and fees as it relates to title insurance. So I am opposed to it. And for those who did not under-stand, who may have voted because of the way that is oftentimes presented by the opposite side of the aisle—and, as a matter of fact, it is obscured in the way that they present it in talking about trying to help homeowners, try-ing to protect homeowners, trying to open up opportunities. It has nothing to do with any of that. This is because the title insurance people who have wielded their influ-ence have come here to change the law so that they can raise those rates and charge more money and have kick-backs, et cetera, et cetera. This is what this is all about. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. DAVIDSON ), a hardworking member of the Financial Services Com-mittee. Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer my support for H.R. 1153, the Mortgage Choice Act. This bill is another example of a rollback of the burdensome regulations of Dodd-Frank and, many would say, unintended con-sequences. The 113th Congress, as Mr. H
UIZENGA  reported out—apparently, the Member opposed feels that her colleagues were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:20 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.011 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH912 February 7, 2018 
confused in the 113th Congress when they unanimously supported this very same procedure, this same change to Dodd-Frank. Apparently, all of Presi-dent Obama’s supporters were also con-fused into forgetting to make the big investments they have made as a reac-tion to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that was recently enacted. So confusion must be rampant, but let me clarify what this does. It doesn’t do the things that the Member opposed accuses it of doing. Frankly, the market prevails here, not price controls from Washington, D.C., nor a substitute that would say a non-affiliated company could offer the exact same product that the one-stop shop is barred from offering. So rather than have a simple proce-dure where a borrower could work with one lending institution, they are forced to this array that resembles the healthcare industry, where, instead of getting one bill from one visit, you show up to do a mortgage and you get a bill from five or six different entities, and it makes it more confusing. The market lets people shop and say, ‘‘Hey, maybe I could get this product from someone else,’’ but, unfortu-nately, without this change, it blocks hardworking families from working with one relationship to close on their mortgage. It adds one more piece in the web of documentation required, and it adds one more thing to negotiate in the relationship that is necessary to close on a mortgage. The QM rule should not stand for ‘‘quitting mortgages.’’ It should stand for ‘‘qualified mortgages.’’ The applica-tion of this has resulted in small and community banks quitting the mort-gage market for certain types of loans, and this is hurting the families that the Member opposed says she seeks to help. I urge all of my colleagues to unite and support this rational, limited modification that lets the market work the way the market can work for the hardworking families of America. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Try as they may, they cannot explain to anyone why it is they want to open up the opportunity for these affiliated companies to charge more on these title loans. As a matter of fact, again, I am going to keep reminding everyone who is lis-tening that, under Dodd-Frank, under the work of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, under the qualified mortgage rule, all of the work that was done after this country found itself in a position of where we were in a reces-sion, almost a depression because of what we had allowed to happen in this country from some of the biggest banks and financial institutions in the world, we discovered that there were all kind of exotic loans, all kind of dif-ferent kinds of loans that were put to-gether to entice consumers and home buyers to take out these mortgages. We heard about all of them: no-docu-mentation loans where they didn’t even know where the consumer, the homeowner was going to get their money from; they did not vet them, they did not know their employment history, and on and on and on. So the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau is absolutely carrying out the work of what Dodd-Frank was in-tended to do, and that is to reform all of this and to make sure that con-sumers are treated fairly, to make sure that consumers are not ripped off, to make sure that consumers don’t have a whole list of these fees and points be-fore they can even get their downpayments, incredibly, and have to pay over 3 percent and more in these points and fees as they are trying to access a mortgage. b1000 This is all about keeping the cap on the 3 percent for all of those points and fees. If you do what this bill is intended to do, you are saying that you are opening up the opportunity for these points and fees to be increased because of these affiliated companies that want to take the cap off. I don’t know how better to explain that. My friends on the opposite side of the aisle would charge consumers more with this bill. We on this side of the aisle are opposed with that. We are saying that it is not fair to consumers. What you need to do is let Dodd-Frank reforms work so that we can protect our consumers and not have them gouged and increase the amount of money they have to pay in these points and fees. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased now to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. N
ORMAN ), a cosponsor of the legis-lation and a great friend of the Finan-cial Services Committee. Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in favor of H.R. 1153, the Mortgage Choice Act of 2017. This bipartisan legislation is essen-tial to help low- and middle-income families gain access to qualified mort-gages. I commend Chairman H
EN-
SARLING and Congressman H UIZENGA for their work on shepherding this bill through the legislative process. Policymaking is complex, and Con-gress and Federal regulators do not al-ways get it right. We need to some-times make changes to address new issues and unintended consequences that arise. As we have seen for the past few years, the Dodd-Frank Act—and let me add that there are many of us in the real estate business and on bank boards who saw the effects of Dodd-Frank not allowing banks to go into the commu-nities that need them the most—con-tains certain provisions that fit one or both of these categories and must be changed through legislative action. One of these policies is the CFPB’s qualified mortgage, or QM, rule. The QM rule is intended to protect lenders from legal liability and provide compli-ance certainty for mortgage loans that are low risk and meet certain criteria. One of those criterion requires a mort-gage loan’s total points and fees not to be in excess of 3 percent of the loan’s value. Unfortunately, the points and fees rule often depends on who is making the loan and how title insurance is ob-tained, which is confusing for both con-sumers and businesses providing these services. Also, as has been mentioned, insurance premiums held in escrow are considered points and fees under the QM rule, which is ridiculous. That is like saying that a parent who puts money in for a 529 savings plan for his children’s education is a car payment or a mortgage payment. It doesn’t make sense, but it discourages con-sumers from using this important fi-nancial management tool. H.R. 1153 would address these unin-tended consequences and provide clar-ity for borrowers and businesses. I am also confident that the CFPB, under the leadership of Mick Mulvaney, will ensure that this clarification is effec-tively implemented if this bill is en-acted into law. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense fix so that we can get the policy right and address the unintended consequences arising from the future rule. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ), the Democratic leader. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I congratulate her on her extraordinary leadership as the ranking Democrat on the Financial Services Committee. She has been a champion for America’s working families, protecting con-sumers, protecting the taxpayer, and doing so in a very balanced way, sen-sitive to the needs of all parties con-cerned. I am so proud of her leadership and her service. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the bad bill for hardworking Americans that is on the floor today. The cyni-cally named Mortgage Choice Act pro-vides anything but choice. Instead, it raises costs on consumers who have few alternatives. This is yet another at-tempt to stack the deck even further against working families. Mr. Speaker, this debate is another waste of time. Every day, courageous, patriotic DREAMers lose their status, and, every day, the American dream slips further out of reach. As Members of Congress, we have a moral responsi-bility to act now to protect DREAM-ers, who are the pride of our Nation and are American in every way but on paper. I use this occasion as opposing this bill to speak further about social jus-tice in America. The American people want Congress to pass a Dream Act: Eighty-four percent of Americans support a path to citizenship for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:20 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.012 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H913 February 7, 2018 
DREAMers or permanent status; 88 percent of Independents back the path of citizenship or permanent status; and 70 percent of Republicans back either citizenship or permanent status. The three Bs—business; badges, our law enforcement community; and Bi-bles—are imploring Congress to pass a Dream Act. Earlier this month, I stood with evangelical leaders to call on the Speaker to bring the Dream Act to a vote for the sake of family fairness and respect for the spark of divinity within every person. There is nothing partisan or political about protecting DREAMers. If a Dream Act were brought to the floor, it would pass immediately with strong, bipartisan support. I commend my Re-publican colleagues for their courage in speaking out on this, yet our DREAMers hang in limbo with a cruel cloud of fear and uncertainty above them. The Republican moral cowardice must end. Members of Congress are trustees of the people and of our Na-tion. Why are we here if not to protect the patriotic young people who are deter-mined to contribute and to strengthen America? So I am going to go on as long as my leadership minute allows. I would like to speak to the Bible in Luke 10:25–37, the parable of the Good Samaritan. 
On one occasion, an expert of the law stood up to test Jesus. ‘‘Teacher,’’ he asked, ‘‘what must I do to inherit eternal life?’’ ‘‘What is written in the law,’’ Jesus re-plied, ‘‘How do you read it?’’ The lawyer answered: ‘‘Love the Lord, your God, with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your strength, with all your mind, and love your neighbor as yourself.’’ Jesus responded: ‘‘You have answered cor-rectly. Do this and you will live.’’ But he wanted to justify himself, so he asked Jesus: ‘‘And who is my neighbor?’’ In reply, Jesus said: ‘‘A man going down from Jerusalem to Jericho. When he was at-tacked by robbers, they stripped him of his clothes, beat him, and went away, leaving him half dead. A priest happened to be going down the same road, and when he saw the man, he passed on to the other side of the road. So, too, a Levite, when he came to the place and saw him, passed on to the other side. But a Samaritan, as he traveled, came where the man was, and when he saw him, he took pity on him. He went to him and ban-daged his wounds, pouring oil and wine. And then he put the man on his own donkey, brought him to an inn and took care of him. The next day, he took out two Denarii and gave them to the innkeeper. Look after him, and when I return, I will reimburse you for any extra expense you may have. Which of these three do you think was a neighbor to the man who fell into the hands of robbers?’’ The expert of the law replied: ‘‘The man who had mercy on him.’’ Jesus told him: ‘‘Go and do likewise.’’ 
The parable of the Good Samaritan is one that has been used over and over again to welcome strangers. Samari-tans were not friends to the person that the Samaritan saved, but he was a man of justice. We all know how proud we are of America, as a land of opportunity and the land of the American Dream, which, for decades and centuries, real-ly, has attracted people to our shores, to make the future better for their families. In doing so, they subscribe to the vows of our Founders. ‘‘A new order of the ages,’’ it says, on the great seal of the United States, a new order, ‘‘Novus Ordo Seclorum.’’ That meant that it was predicated on the idea that every generation would take responsi-bility to make the future better for the next. It became known as the American Dream and people flocked to our shores, bringing their determination, their optimism, their hope, and their courage, to make the future better for their families. In doing so, as I said, they subscribed to the values of our Founders to make the future better. That is why our country would be a new order for the ages. How proud we are to have the Statue of Liberty welcoming people to our shores. In the words of Emma Lazarus inscribed on the statue, it says: Not like the brazen giant of Greek fame, With conquering limbs astride from land to land; Here at our sea-washed, sunset gates shall stand A mighty woman with a torch, whose flame Is the imprisoned lightning, and her name Mother of Exiles. From her beacon-hand Glows worldwide welcome; her mild eyes command. . . . 
Words that are music to the ears of everyone who loves freedom. 
‘‘Keep ancient lands, your storied pomp!’’ cries she With silent lips. ‘‘Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me, I lift my lamp beside the golden door!’’ 
With those words, America has been a beacon to the world, and how proud it has made us. America is great, some say, because America is good; and this manifestation of our goodness is one that is historic. In responding to the call of our Stat-ue of Liberty—who must, by now, have tears in her eyes, having heard some of the debate on immigration—I want to read about some of the DREAMers, who came to our shores, maybe through land or by sea. I want to talk about Luis Galvan. Luis came to the United States when he was 5 years old and grew up in pov-erty. Today, he is an agriculture am-bassador at College of the Sequoias and is working to help students improve their grades. Following the repeal of DACA, Luis constantly worries about his ability to continue working in order to afford his education. He is one of four siblings also attending college, who are also DACA recipients. Jacqueline Romo’s DACA expires this month. Jacqueline was raised in the city of Chicago. She is an undocu-mented American aspiring to earn a bachelor’s degree in graphic design. Her education is her priority ever since she was in elementary school. Throughout high school, she had seri-ous doubts about her future, due to her status, but it never stopped her from pursuing higher education. Jacqueline went on to community college, work-ing a part-time job and earning a few scholarships that eventually added up to affordable tuition. Her mother, a single mother, would not be able to contribute to Jacqueline’s education after high school, so it was Jacqueline’s choice and responsibility to work her way financially through college. Thanks to scholarships like the Illinois Dream Fund, TheDream.US, and other community scholarships, Jacqueline was lucky to follow through higher education, some-thing that most of her undocumented peers would not have the chance to do. Jacqueline’s dreams are the same dreams of other undocumented Ameri-cans to persevere in this great country. Hector Rivera Suarez is a DACA re-cipient from Greensboro, North Caro-lina. He has been a DACA recipient for the past 6 years. This came to an end on January 21. He is currently on track to graduate in May, with a degree in philosophy and education. As a student body president and honor scholar at Guilford College, it is part of his cur-riculum to serve in the local commu-nity. He has served as an afterschool tutor at a local community center that services predominantly the Latino community, as well as assisting in classrooms at a newcomer school. His plan after graduation is to enroll in Teach for America, since it is his only opportunity to be a teacher while being a DACA recipient. Once DACA was re-scinded in September, these plans had to be delayed. Without DACA, he will not have the opportunity to keep serv-ing the community in greater ways. b1015 Hector’s DACA expires 5 days before the Teach For America January dead-line; this is why he needs there to be a resolution as soon as possible so he can move forward with his plans of men-toring the future leaders of America. Mr. Speaker, I bring this up because, as you know, the discussions and nego-tiations on the caps bill, the budget bill, are making progress and, perhaps, soon to be coming to an end. And on that score, I would say so far as what I know of it, the budget caps agree-ment, which will be announced today, includes many Democratic priorities, actually bipartisan priorities. But with the disaster recovery pack-age and dollar-for-dollar increases in the defense and nondefense budget, Democrats have secured hundreds of billions of dollars to invest in commu-nities across America. There will be billions in funding to fight opioids, to strengthen our veterans and the NIH, to build job-creating rural infrastruc-ture and broadband, and to fund access 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:20 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.014 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH914 February 7, 2018 
to child care and quality higher edu-cation. That is something that has been negotiated with our input be-tween Leader M
ITCH MCCONNELL and Leader C
HUCK SCHUMER . But M
ITCH MCCONNELL also made a commitment to his Members that he would bring up a dream bill to the floor of the Senate in an appointed time. So why can’t we have some kind of a com-mitment on this side of the aisle that enabled the discussion to take place on a values-based place? Here, we asked the Speaker would he bring up the Hurd-Aguilar bill, which is bipartisan, would win if brought to the House, has a sufficient number of Re-publican cosponsors, thank them for their courage to be public, but others who have said they would vote for it, and we would like a commitment from the Speaker to bring it and any other bills that he believes should be consid-ered on the floor as well. We could do it under a ‘‘Queen of the Hill’’ where the bill with the most votes becomes the most prevailing bill to either support what the Senate has done or to reconcile what the Senate has done. That is a simple request. That is a simple request that the House Demo-crats and, in a bipartisan way, others have joined in asking the Speaker to bring a bill to the floor to give us that commitment. Why should we, in the House, be treated in such a humiliating way, when the Republican Senate leader has given that opportunity, in a bipartisan way, to his membership? What is wrong? There is something wrong with this picture. That is why, this morning, when we took a measure of our caucus on support for the pack-age—well, we have to see all the par-ticulars of it yet, but there are good things in it—that it does nothing to even advance, even with a commit-ment, without having passed the legis-lation first, to advance bipartisan leg-islation to protect DREAMers in this House. Without that commitment from Speaker R
YAN, comparable to the com-mitment from Leader M
CCONNELL , this package does not have my support, nor does it have the support of a large number of members of our caucus. So then I go on to some other—I al-ways am reminded in all of these de-bates about our commitment to faith. In God We Trust, it says there right over the Speaker’s chair. The Gospel of Matthew has been an inspiration to many of us on both sides of the aisle in terms of what our values are and how we make choices. And when, in the Gospel of Matthew, he writes: ‘‘When the Son of Man comes in His glory, and all the angels with Him, He will sit on His glorious throne. All the nations will be gathered before Him, and He will separate the people one from another as a shepherd sepa-rates the sheep from the goats. He will put the sheep on His right and the goats on His left. Then the King will say to those on His right, ‘Come, you who are blessed by my Father; take your inheritance, the kingdom pre-pared for you since the creation of the world.’’ Then Christ goes on to say: ‘‘For I was hungry and you gave me something to eat. I was thirsty and you gave me something to drink. I was a stranger and you invited me in. I need-ed clothes and you clothed me. I was sick and you looked after me. I was in prison and you came to visit me. ‘‘Then the righteous will answer him, ‘Lord, when did we see you hungry and feed you, or thirsty and give you some-thing to drink?’’’ And the Lord says, when you see us— what did you see, a stranger and invite him in or need clothing and clothing you, he’s asking the Lord. And when did you see sick and in prison, and did I visit you? ‘‘The King will reply, ‘Truly I tell you, whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers and sisters of mine, you did for me.’’’ That is always important. Everybody knows that, the least of my brethren speech. However, the King does go on: ‘‘Then he will say to those on his left, ‘Depart from me, you who are cursed, into the eternal fire prepared for the devil and his angels. For I was hungry and you gave me nothing to eat, I was thirsty and you gave me nothing to drink, I was a stranger and you did not invite me in, I needed clothes and you did not clothe me, I was sick and in prison and you did not look after me.’ ‘‘They also will answer, ‘Lord, when did we see you hungry or thirsty or a stranger or needing clothes or sick or in prison, and did not help you?’ ‘‘He will reply, ‘Truly I tell you, whatever you did not do for one of the least of these, you did not do for me.’’’ It is not only positive of what you did, you did for me; it is what you did not do. When I was a stranger, you did not help. Then it will go into eternal punish-ment. The righteous will go into eter-nal life. So anyway, more stories about our DREAMers and why they honor the vows of our Founders, why they de-serve our support. We are just talking about this discrete group of people, how they command the support of the American people. Itzel Verduzco Rojas is from Ponca City, Oklahoma. Itzel is working as a medical assistant for a pediatric der-matologist and in school full time try-ing to pursue a career in nursing. In addition to her job and school, Itzel volunteers with CASA, City Rescue Mission, and Rebuilding Together Oklahoma City to address issues of poverty and homelessness in her city. With DACA, Itzel was able to apply for a driver’s license and work legally. However, because her renewal applica-tion was caught up in postal delays, Itzel has not yet received her renewal, and her current DACA expired on Janu-ary 20. Because of this, she will now have to take a semester off from school, and she is facing severe disrup-tion in her life and the ability to sup-port herself. This is really important to note be-cause the people—some of the people in the White House have been saying no-body is being deported. Well, we will see about that. But they are saying these people are protected. They are not protected. And you heard the characterization that the President’s Chief of Staff made about some of these people, about being lazy or whatever it was. I think, in our discussions on the economy, in a separate context, we have seen how few Americans would be able to rise to the occasion imme-diately if they had a $500 unsuspected bill that had come their way; whether the water heater broke or whatever it is, it would be challenging, it would be disruptive to their lives. It would be hard for them to have an expendable, immediately expendable, $500. But that is what it takes to sign up to what the President—the sign up that was re-quired by the President after his Sep-tember announcement. So it is not about being lazy. Or yes, it is probably about fear, too. Mr. Kelly, General Kelly, mentions that. But it is about not understanding the situation of fear and of contribution, the beautiful contribution that people make, that the DREAMers make to our country. Itzel came to the U.S. legally at age 7. She came legally and attempted to adjust her status along with family. She aged out of eligibility when she turned 21. She was able to apply for DACA during her senior year of high school, which opened the doors for her. In Albuquerque, New Mexico, Dalia Medina immigrated to the United States at age 11 from Mexico. She is a licensed mental health therapist pro-viding much-needed service to at-risk youth and families in New Mexico. Dalia is working toward an inde-pendent license to open her private practice to continue aiding families in her State. She recently obtained a master’s degree in clinical social work and previously earned a bachelor’s de-gree in criminology and psychology. All of these people are making such a wonderful contribution to our society because they have courage, they have values, and they have purpose in their life. These stories were given to me by our colleagues as they have taken up the cause of many of these DREAMers. But it is not enough. We have no right to talk about DREAMers and to tell their stories and take pride in their actions unless we are willing to take action to support them, and we have that opportunity today by asking the Speaker of the House to give us a vote. What are you afraid of? Give us a vote. Let the House work its will. Sen-ator M
CCONNELL , MITCH MCCONNELL , is enabling the Senate to work its will. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.016 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H915 February 7, 2018 
Why should the House of Representa-tives be constrained, especially on such a values-based issue as who we are as a nation and recognizing our biblical re-sponsibility to each other? Nicole Robles from Houston, Texas, she was born in Mexico. Her family im-migrated to the United States when she was 6 months old, and she faces de-portation. In less than 100 days, her DACA will expire. I am anxious—Well, this is now much less than 100 days. She says: ‘‘I’m anxious because I am graduating high school in a few months and I want to start college in August of next year. How will I do that without my DACA?’’ She says: ‘‘There are so many bar-riers to higher education when you’re undocumented. With a Dream Act, un-documented students will have a sense’’—the Dream Act gives them a documented sense—‘‘of security and opportunity’’—to go to school—‘‘to get a job, to care for their families, to con-tinue their studies in college or univer-sity.’’ ‘‘I want that security and oppor-tunity. We deserve that.’’ She deserves that. ‘‘And we need Congress by the end of the year so that we, more people, don’t reach their expiration dates.’’ Now, let me say that we have talked mostly about education, people work-ing in education and social activities to help other people do their best. But many of our DREAMers have served in our military with great courage and great patriotism to the only country that they know. Again, using my leader’s minute, I want to make sure that the R
ECORD is clear about what this debate is about. It is about honoring our own commit-ment to the Statue of Liberty, to the Founding Fathers, in terms of making this a land where one generation would take responsibility to make the future better for the next. And that brings to mind another per-son from Albuquerque, New Mexico, Yuridia Loera. She said: ‘‘Growing up, I was reminded of my immigration status every day by my mother. Twenty years later, I realized she did this to prepare our family for the imminent day that our family would face a deportation. And that day could be today because my DACA has expired. ‘‘DACA is what allowed me to pass through immigration checkpoints safe-ly. I am also a survivor of sexual as-sault—with DACA, I was able to ap-proach the police to report the person who assaulted me. Trump’s cruel deci-sion to terminate DACA has put border residents and survivors of assault in jeopardy. This is not how a country should treat immigrant youth and our families.’’ I just want you to know why we are making this plea. This is a human plea to the Speaker, a prayerful human plea to the Speaker. It is almost 40 hours. This morning, when I first met with my colleagues in our meeting at 8, it was exactly 40 hours until midnight tomorrow. Forty is a number fraught with meaning in our religious lives. Forty years, in the Old Testament, 40 years of Moses and the Jews and Aaron in the desert; 40 days that Christ was in the desert himself; 40 days is the length of time of Lent; and, therefore, 40 hours is a Catholic devotion that many of us grew up with. We have that same 40 hours, from 8 this morning until tomorrow night at midnight, to be prayerful—to be pray-erful—to show our purpose, and to show why we are asking the Speaker for this vote. I have great admiration for the work that is done in a bipartisan way, on the budget, the bill; of course, it is not ev-erything we want, but there are many good things in it, and I just can’t ex-plain to the DREAMers or to my col-leagues why we should be second-class Members of Congress in this House without a commitment from the Speaker that MITCH MCCONNELL gave to the Senators, that there would be a vote on the floor to let Congress work its will. b1030 Are you afraid that the DREAMer bill will pass, the work of Mr. H
URD and Mr. A
GUILAR working with other Members to shape a bill that would rec-ognize concerns that the President has and others have to put a bipartisan bill there that should attract the support of the President? Instead, we are hearing words that are hard to process from the White House but, nonetheless, recognizing that we have to go down this path to-gether. We all believe that, as the Bible tells us, there is a spark of divinity in every person and that we must respect that spark of divinity. Tomorrow will be the prayer break-fast, and that is a solemn occasion in Washington, D.C., and we are always thinking in terms of Christ. When Christ became man, his assuming hu-manity brought his divinity to us so that we participate in his divinity, every one of us. We have to remember that not only does it exist in every person that we encounter, but it exists in us. It exists in the President of the United States and his staff and all of the people who elected him. That is a beautiful thing about it all. But that spark of divinity in each of us has to relate to other people and treat them with respect. How would we judge other countries if they said: ‘‘We have several hundred thousand people who came here as children, and now we are sending them back where they came from?’’ We would make a judg-ment about those countries that that was outside the circle of civilized human behavior. And yet—and yet—we have something to do about that right now. I want to talk to you about Juan Car-los Navarro from Oregon. He said: ‘‘I immigrated to the United States when I was 3 years old with my parents be-cause I needed medical treatment for my cerebral palsy. I went through six surgeries and 12 years of physical ther-apy and walked for the first time when I was 15 years old. ‘‘Growing up, I did well in school, but I felt stuck because I didn’t know how to go to college. With the help of my counselor, I was able to apply for pri-vate scholarships and attend a commu-nity college in Salem. I’m now at West-ern Oregon University, where I was in-spired to start my own group for un-documented young people like me. I’m now getting my master’s there, and I’m part of the college Student Services Administration Program, with the dream of one day making higher edu-cation accessible to low-income and undocumented students. ‘‘Without DACA, I no longer have ac-cess to health insurance through an employer. I suffer from depression and suicidal thoughts. This is why I have visited my Members of Congress to urge them to pass the Dream Act, be-cause my life and my health is on the line.’’ Patricia Ulloa was born in El Sal-vador. Patricia said: ‘‘I have a mixed status family—my parents have TPS, I have one U.S. citizen brother, and my two sisters and I have DACA. We need the Dream Act now because one of my sister’s DACA expires on March 6, 2018, and pretty soon the rest of my sisters and I could lose our protections too. Our parents are already losing their TPS protections because Trump termi-nated the program. ‘‘I want the government to recognize us as part of society and know that this is our home and we contribute to our communities even without papers. My family wants to be able to stay to-gether and feel safe to drive, work, and travel.’’ Here she says—I want to repeat this—‘‘we contribute to our commu-nities even without papers.’’ As an Italian American who grew up at a time when I did not feel any preju-dice or bias—or if I did, I thought it was the other person’s problem. We Italian Americans always think there are only two kinds of people: those who are Italian American and those who want to be. But in my father’s generation and my grandfather’s generation and my great-grandmother’s generation, it was a different story, and there was a term. It was called ‘‘wop,’’ and people used that as a derogatory term to Italian Americans. Do you know what wop means, Mr. Speaker? Wop means without papers. Without papers. That is what these people were called, without papers. And that is all that these kids are, without papers. In every other way, strong par-ticipants in our society, in our commu-nity, and in our country. And so again, just give us a chance to have a vote, Mr. Speaker. Another day will come when we can talk about com-prehensive immigration reform. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:20 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.017 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH916 February 7, 2018 
can talk about this, that, and the other thing, but right now, the Hurd-Aguilar bill, whatever is being put together in the Senate, recognizes our responsi-bility to protect our borders, recog-nizes the value of immigration to our country: hopes, dreams, aspirations, making America more American every newcomer who comes. I truly believe that, the constant reinvigoration of America. Saba Nefes from Texas was born in Mexico, and Saba writes: ‘‘We still don’t know a lot about cancer. We still don’t know about genetic diseases. My research at Texas Tech goes right into the heart of that. It uses pure mathe-matics to look at why all these genetic diseases exist and how they exist so someday we can come up with cures for them. We’re far from that point, but this is the challenge I work on. ‘‘In addition to conducting research at Texas Tech, I’ve taught under-graduate students as a teaching assist-ant. This past semester, I got to teach anatomy, and one of my students was blind and had a service dog. It was a blessing, a great experience to teach her anatomy, something that she got to touch and feel to learn. It taught me a lot of patience. It taught me what it’s like to work alongside my Amer-ican students and peers. I’m just as much a part of their lives as they are of mine. ‘‘If DACA is repealed, I would be out of a job immediately, and I won’t be able to teach my students. I won’t be able to continue conducting the re-search that I am conducting right now. This research could help scientists un-derstand diseases like cancer and lead down a path toward a cure. Without DACA, I can’t continue this critical work.’’ Now, I want to just say this. I think there is a lack of understanding, and we should have made it clear on the other side of the aisle and with the White House about what the Presi-dent’s action in September did. The President, maybe in good spirit, thought that by giving us a March 5 deadline, he was giving a 6-month re-prieve to DREAMers; but what, in fact, he was doing was making matters worse for them. It was most unfortu-nate. Most unfortunate because, again, while they may have maintained the status of DREAMer, they did not have the protections of the DACA executive order that President Obama put forth. Perhaps it would have been better if President Trump had said: ‘‘I am giv-ing Congress 6 months to pass a bill, but I am not changing the status quo that protects the DREAMers.’’ Just on that point, President Obama, when he protected the DREAMers and their parents, what he did was signifi-cant, but it was not as significant as what President Reagan did in the 1980s. President Obama acted because Con-gress would not act. He took action. President Reagan acted after Con-gress did act, the Immigration Act of 1986. President Reagan said, inter-esting: But you did not go far enough. So he instituted, by executive order, Family Fairness. And then Family Fairness was continued under Presi-dent George Herbert Walker Bush, two great Presidents for immigration in our country. What they did with their executive orders, which stood the test of court cases, protected a higher percentage of people than what President Obama did—two Republican Presidents, two great champions on immigration. Even after Congress acted, they said: You didn’t go far enough. President Obama had to act because Congress would not act. Then we come forward with Presi-dent Clinton following in that tradi-tion. President George W. Bush, great President on immigration, he couldn’t convince his own party to pass com-prehensive immigration reform. But his statements, his values-based policy on immigrants is something, to this day—and his current statements are so beautiful and inspirational about treat-ing people with dignity and valuing their worth as we talk about immigra-tion. And then, of course, President Obama, doing what he did in terms of executive orders, protecting people in the tradition of Ronald Reagan and George Herbert Walker Bush, with the common values of George W. Bush and President Clinton. So now we have the first Republican President in modern times—the first President, really—who is anti-immi-grant, and that is just such a change from his own party, and it makes it hard to see where we can have shared values. Certainly one piece of that debate which would require a fuller stipula-tion of fact, hearings, et cetera, to see what the best path forward is is impor-tant for us to do. But for now, because of the action that the President took, it necessitates us taking action here, as the President anticipated by putting a March 5 deadline on it. We would like to do it sooner. This is a vehicle leaving the station. And if the Republicans need our sup-port for this legislation, which has many good features—and I commend the negotiators on it and was a part of that—unless we can get the same com-mitment that M
ITCH MCCONNELL gave the bipartisan group of legislators who asked for it in the Senate, we would like that same response to our bipar-tisan group. I want to talk about Jaime Rangel: ‘‘To me, Georgia is my home. I am proud to be from the South, and I love to give back to my community. ‘‘I tell everybody I’m a Latino that grew up eating tortillas and grits at the same time, and north Georgia is home. And for somebody to say, ‘Hey, you can’t get some instate tuition’ in a place that I consider my State was really—it was really heartbreaking. I felt out of place. ‘‘Right now, I feel optimistic because I believe the greater part of the coun-try understands that you can’t deport 750,000 individuals. These are individ-uals who give back to their commu-nity, who are involved in their church-es, who have Ph.D.’s, who have been creating jobs and who just want to make this country a better place. ‘‘When President Obama announced DACA, to me, it was a life-changing ex-perience. I felt that I finally was given a decent chance to be somebody in this country, to contribute to my State, to contribute to my community, to get a job, and just give back and be some-body in the greatest country on Earth.’’ That is the patriotism of our DREAMers. ‘‘So when DACA was introduced, it opened the doors to many things, even doors I didn’t think were imaginable to open. ‘‘My name is Jaime Rangel. I was born in Mexico, but I came to this country when I was only 3 months old.’’ As the President said, he loves the DREAMers. He loves the DREAMers. He loves to call it DACA. Subscribe to that. He loves the DREAMers. And these people came to this country not of their own volition, through no fault of their own. I, myself, thank their par-ents for bringing them here because they are a blessing to America, but, from their standpoint, through no fault of their own. Why can’t we be fair and give them a break? Javier Noris in New York City came from Mexico: ‘‘I invest in the next gen-eration of biomedical tech solutions. ‘‘When I was working at a conven-ience store, I always had big aspira-tions, even though I wasn’t sure how they would come to fruition. But the moment DACA was passed, it really put everything in perspective, and I really made a conscious effort to focus on my career. So I ended up pursuing a career as a software engineer. ‘‘I went to school at Cal State Uni-versity, Northridge. I studied econom-ics and biotechnology. After working as a software engineer in Silicon Val-ley, I ended up moving to Brooklyn, New York. I now work in venture cap-ital, running a small venture fund that invests in early-stage life science and frontier technology startups. ‘‘As a CEO of an investment fund, DACA being repealed does not only af-fect me. A DACA repeal could affect the startups with which I work and my ability to invest in them and their abil-ity to continue to grow and employ hundreds of workers across the coun-try. ‘‘My name is Javier. I’m a DACA re-cipient and I’m from Mexico City. I came to the United States when I was 5 years old.’’ He did not come alone. He did not. He was brought here by his parents. So many of our DREAMers here are called DREAMers because they have big dreams. And they are entre-preneurs; they are teachers; they are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:20 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.019 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H917 February 7, 2018 
researchers in science; they are in our military. They are making such a fabu-lous contribution to the future of our country. It is not just about them. This DACA repeal that we are making is about us: Who are we as a country? How do we honor the vows of our founders, the Statue of Liberty and her appeal to the world that has made America such a beacon of hope? b1045 The list goes on and on about many, many DACA recipients, and I intend to read them all. But in addition to that, I want to go back to the Bible because I could have brought the Bible here and just read the Bible and said: If we are people of faith, in God we trust, as we contend to be, we must act upon our faith, and act upon our values. People always ask me: Where is hope? Where should we find hope? Hope is sitting there where it always has been, right between faith and char-ity. People have hope because they be-lieve. They believe in God. They have faith in our country and themselves and their families; and they have faith in the goodness, the charity of others that people, when given the chance, will do the right thing, and then, hope-fully, that will be returned to them when they need hope and can have faith in the goodness of others. I want to tell you about Maria Praeli. She is from Connecticut. She said: ‘‘I didn’t let anything keep me from advancing academically. Unfortu-nately, when high school ended, I couldn’t attend the university of my dreams. I was getting all these accept-ance letters, but I couldn’t go to any of these schools because I didn’t have a Social Security number’’—this is my point; you can’t get a Social Security number—‘‘and, therefore, I wasn’t eli-gible for financial aid. I couldn’t pur-sue the dreams that I had been hoping to. But I did not let my undocumented status hold me back from continuing to advance academically. ‘‘I enrolled at Gateway Community College, where I worked very hard as a student government association presi-dent and graduated with 3.8 GPA to then be able to attend Quinnipiac Uni-versity. I graduated magna cum laude and earned my bachelor’s degree in May of 2016. ‘‘It’s surreal to wake up every day and be reminded that even though I have been living in America for the past 18 years, in a few months, all my honors and education might end up not mattering anymore because I won’t be able to contribute to the country which I have called home for so long. ‘‘My name is Maria. I was born in Ica, Peru, and moved to the United States when I was 5 years old.’’ There is documentation after docu-mentation of how young these children were when they came to the United States all because their parents wanted to make the future better for them. Andrea Seabra writes: ‘‘My dad was a fighter pilot in the Peruvian Air Force, so I grew up with a lot of military in-fluence. When I was in high school, I joined New Jersey ROTC, which was the junior ROTC, and I was there for 3
1⁄2years. ‘‘It gave me that taste of maybe what my dad might have lived when he was in the military. I lost him when I was only 6 years old, so I never really got to know that part of him. I always thought in the back of my head, when I graduate, I want to join the military. When I was in my junior year, I real-ized that I couldn’t enroll in the mili-tary because I was undocumented. ‘‘I was sitting with a recruiter at my school, an Air Force recruiter, and he asked me about it. He’s like, ‘What’s your social?’ So when I told him, ‘Well, I don’t have one—’’’ meaning Social Security number—‘‘he is like, ‘What about your passport?’ I’m like, ‘Well, I have a Peruvian passport.’ And he’s like, ‘No, you have to either be a U.S. resident or a U.S. citizen to be able to join.’ ‘‘That’s the first time I ever experi-enced that big wall of being undocu-mented, like a big stop sign saying, no, you can’t pursue this passion of yours. ‘‘I didn’t live a normal life until I got DACA. Thanks to DACA, I was able to pursue my career after graduating cum laude from Saint Leo University, in marketing. With DACA, I was able to build my professional network, help people, influence people, and do all these things for myself and my family and my community. If that’s going to be taken away, everything that I’ve ac-complished, that I’ve worked on, that I’ve helped people with will just fall apart. It will shake the foundation of who I am today as a person, as a pro-fessional, even as a friend, as a daugh-ter, everything. ‘‘My name is Andrea. I was born in Lima, Peru. I was brought here by my mom when I was 11 years old.’’ She had lost her dad when she was 6. But this idea of military service, many, when they got the DACA status protec-tion, have served honorably in the military. We are very proud of them, as we are proud of all of our men and women in the military. And I emphasize the story of hard work that these DREAMers have be-cause they are very consistent with American workers. American people are so resourceful. They are so wonder-ful. They so care about their families and their communities. So this is not to say that DACA recipients are dif-ferent. It is to say they are just like us. We are very proud of the American people, the productivity of our work-force, the faith of our families, the civic mindedness and the generosity of spirit, and, really, of resources of the American people. My telling these stories is not to sep-arate the DACA recipients from them, but to show how similar they are and how assimilated they are into our com-munity. It is mutually beneficial. Jose Manuel Santoyo, from Texas, said: ‘‘My education was so that I could contribute to society. ‘‘My last year at Southern Methodist University, I began working on an en-gaged learning fellowship. Because of that, I was selected to be the com-mencement speaker for my graduation and represent almost 600 other stu-dents who would be graduating that day. In my speech, I thanked the fac-ulty and staff at my university. I had teachers who I’ve looked up to my whole life, who provided amazing edu-cational opportunities regardless of the papers I had or didn’t have. ‘‘I want to be able to work and I want to work in public service. In order to do that, I would need to have DACA. I would need to have work authorization in this country. I feel like that’s what my education was for. My education wasn’t for me. My education was so I could contribute to society. My edu-cation was so that I could give back to the community that has given me so much, to the country that has given me so much. ‘‘This year I hope that our Congress and our President work to fund a per-manent solution to provide us DACA recipients a pathway to citizenship, to give us an opportunity to use our edu-cation, to use everything that we’ve learned in order to give back, in order to contribute, in order to provide for ourselves and our families and our communities.’’ What Manuel said is that he looked up to his teachers. He learned from others in our country. That also dem-onstrates the beautiful commitment of the American people to teach, to shed light to younger people, newcomers to our country, to make a valuable con-tribution. So in saluting, as I say, the DREAM-ers, we are saluting the opportunity they were given by the American peo-ple to make their contribution. Hope-fully, Congress will live up to the val-ues of the American people who over-whelmingly support the DREAMers, and see this as a separate issue not just about the DREAMers, but about who we are as a country. Cesar Vargas was born in Mexico. He holds a law degree and wants to be-came a military lawyer. Aside from ad-vocating for legislation to allow DREAMers to serve in the military, he has been advocating for immigration reform through a political group he launched last year called Dream Action Coalition. The group is known for chal-lenging lawmakers on their stance on immigration and highlighting the po-litical power of voters. In his case, Latino voters. Kelly—just Kelly—is from Dover, New Jersey. Kelly is a student working toward becoming a medical assistant. She will be done with courses in Janu-ary. However, without a DACA work permit, she won’t be able to complete an internship required to complete her training and get certified. Her driver’s license also expires in February. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:20 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.021 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH918 February 7, 2018 
Understand this: you can’t have a So-cial Security card, a passport, a driv-er’s license. You cannot function as a person in our society without having your status protected by the Dream Act. So when people tell you it is all protected, it isn’t. Listen to the sto-ries. So I was talking about Kelly. Kelly is a student working to becoming a med-ical assistant. She will be done in Jan-uary. However, without DACA, she won’t be able to complete her training or get her driver’s license, as I men-tioned. Kelly—just Kelly—has lived in New Jersey since she was 5 years old. She says DACA has ‘‘given me the chance to drive, have a work permit, buy a car, get car insurance—things that obviously benefit the country as well. It’s helped me to not be stuck, not to have to depend on others. . . .’’ Kelly’s DACA renewal application was rejected because she forgot to fill in a date of expiration. When she re-ceived notice of the error, she fixed it and sent the application back imme-diately, but, by then, the arbitrary Oc-tober deadline had passed. This is another reason why we need to clear this up. Crystal—just Crystal—is a single, working mom of 5 U.S. citizen children. She was born in the Bahamas and ar-rived in the U.S. at 6 years old. Crystal had her fifth child only 3 weeks ago, and while recovering, she had been on unpaid leave from a retail job, where she has worked for nearly 6 years. Now that her work authorization has ex-pired, she will not be able to return to work, and her ability to provide for her kids will be impeded. What? Carlos from the Bronx. Carlos lives in the Bronx and is the only undocu-mented member of his family. The whole family pulls together to care for Carlos’ younger sister who has severe cerebral palsy and cannot walk. Carlos’ employer, a fabrication company, des-perately wants to keep Carlos as an employee. His DACA and work author-ization expired February 18, 2017. It ex-pired already. So the list goes on and on. Carlos sent his DACA renewal appli-cation on September 18, 2017, 2 weeks after the President’s announcement. But it was not received until December 11—he sent it on September 18. It was received on October 11. In the rejection letter, he was notified that he failed to fill in his DACA expiration date on one of the forms. The relevant information was included in the cover letter and in other parts of the packet. Carlos ar-rived in the U.S. when he was 2 years old. New York is the only place he can call home. The expiration date was in the package, but in one of the forms it was not added. So he lost his protec-tions. I have to mention Kelly, who is a constituent of R
ODNEY FRELINGHUYSEN . Crystal, who was here from the Baha-mas, is a constituent of T
EDDEUTCH . Carlos is from the Bronx and is a con-stituent of J
OECROWLEY . Saul is from San Francisco and is a constituent of JACKIE SPEIER . Saul as-pires to be a teacher, Mr. Speaker. DACA has allowed him to work in the field he is passionate about: education. He was able to get a driver’s license. Saul submitted a DACA renewal appli-cation September 30, well in time, via USPS express delivery. He received no-tification of an error, which he fixed and resubmitted. However, his applica-tion was rejected as untimely. Agustin is from Brooklyn. Agustin’s DACA will expire in January—al-ready—within days of his 21st birthday. DACA allowed Agustin to go to college to study criminal justice. He works and goes to school. When his DACA ex-pires—which it has—he won’t have the means to pay his bills and the cost of school. What are we doing? It is like without papers, WOP. And now people who are striving to have their papers are outlawed on a techni-cality. Really? Aren’t we supposed to be enabling people to make their con-tribution instead of hurting them with the process? It is, again, important to note, and for our viewers to note that what peo-ple are asking for is nothing special. It is asking them to honor what was there. When DACA recipients were told to sign up, they submitted considerable information about their lives. They ef-fectively outed their parents with the commitment that there would be pro-tection for them. We have heard many good bipartisan proposals to protect the DREAMers, to give consideration to parents so that they would not be deported because they brought a child into the country. Some of these parents have citizen children now who are also making a contribution to our society. So it is because people understand that that September 5 announcement by the President was very disruptive. Let’s hope that it was not intentional. I don’t think that it was. I have no rea-son to think that it was. But it did cause problems that perhaps were un-foreseen. The system did not even allow for a correction in a form in a timely fashion because of dependence on when it was received to be judged a protection for those students. So, in fact, over 110 DREAMers a day lose their protection. It is over—ap-proaching 20,000 already who are losing their protections. And it will be more by the time of March 5, which is the deadline. And if we are going to reach a March 5 deadline, or any deadline, we have to get on a timetable to do so. One timetable we have is the oppor-tunity today to have a commitment from the Speaker not to be afraid of DREAMers. Thank God for them. They contribute. We are a nation of DREAM-ers. That is why they fit so com-fortably in our society and contribute to it so beautifully. b1100 I will tell you about Mayron, R
ICK L
ARSEN ’s constituent from Washington State. Mayron, originally from Hon-duras, has lived in the U.S. since he was 11 years old and knows no other country as home. He has overcome lots of obstacles to be who he is today, a successful entrepreneur who owns three businesses. He submitted his DACA renewal application before the deadline. It arrived on October 2, 2017. He accidentally submitted the proc-essing fee for $465 instead of $495. That is what it takes. $495 is a lot of money. His entire case was sent back for that reason. With his rejection, he received a green document stating: You are in-vited to resubmit your application package after you have corrected the reasons for rejection. Place this letter on top of your application package. Mayron affixed the processing fee and resubmitted his application with the green document on top of his applica-tion package. On October 31, he re-ceived the entire package in the mail with a rejection notice dated October 24 that stated that USCIS is no longer accepting DACA applications. Mayron has been a DACA applicant for the last 3 years and is heartbroken by the DHS’ actions in rejecting the re-newal of his DACA. GREGORY MEEKS ’ constituent, Brit-tany, writes that she was born in Trini-dad and Tobago and arrived in the U.S. at 3 years old and grew up in New York. She has no close family in Trini-dad and Tobago, and all of her imme-diate and most of her extended family who are citizens and residents live near her in New York. Brittany is a full-time caretaker for a family in Brooklyn with two 14- month-old sons, one of whom has spe-cial needs and requires physical ther-apy. Although the child’s special needs were not known when she was hired, Brittany has risen to the occasion with grace, calm, and competence according to the family. We are devastated by the thought she may not be able to con-tinue to work in this country, and, no, we won’t find another caregiver who is as reliable, nurturing, and unshakeable as Brittany. Brittany submitted her renewal ap-plication September 21, but it was sent back to her on October 5 because she forgot to sign her name in one place. She sent it back immediately but was rejected as untimely. Hugo in Houston, Texas. Hugo is a 34- year-old father who lives in Houston, Texas. He came to the United States from Mexico when he was 6 years old and has lived in Houston ever since. He completed K–12 in Houston and now works at a photo framing shop near downtown. After Trump was elected, Hugo worried about reapplying, so he waited. Hugo found out from one text message from a friend on September 6 that he needed to reapply before Octo-ber 5 or risk losing his DACA. He de-cided to quickly put together his appli-cation as his DACA was set to expire September 9, 2017. Hurricane Harvey had just hit the Houston area. While Hugo’s home was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:20 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.023 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H919 February 7, 2018 
not destroyed, the entire city of Hous-ton was shut down, including many businesses. Hugo’s work was one of them. He didn’t have the time or money to pay an attorney. He had to borrow half the money for the applica-tion fee because he couldn’t get $495 to-gether in such a short period of time. Hugo was unable to get his DACA re-newal application mailed until October 4, which is still before the deadline. USCIS received Hugo’s application on October 6. On November 1, Hugo re-ceived a letter from USCIS denying his renewal. Now, you know if they got his application on October 6, they knew it was mailed before October 5, or in time on October 5, but they turned him down. The point I want to make here is these are technicalities that people have been turned down on. Could we all live up to the standard that has been set to sign in every place with the date and the this and the that even though the information is contained in the package, even though hurricanes inter-vened in the mail service or the oppor-tunity to put the package together, no mitigation, no consideration for that? That is really unfortunate because the American people are the losers in all of that. Fernanda writes that she arrived in the U.S. at age 2 wearing a pink parka and matching pants, clutching on to her mom. She carried a single bag and abandoned her family in search of a better life beside her father in the U.S. Her dad was already in Alabama, and they were wanting to be by his side. In the year before his decision to leave Mexico, he had been assaulted five times and already had his wedding band stolen twice. Since arriving to the States, they have been able to start four businesses and create jobs. They purchased two cars and put Fernanda through college. They also have helped their U.S.-born son reach his goals of being a professional soccer player and is on the Olympic Development Pro-gram team for the southeast region. S
HEILA JACKSON LEEis with us in the Chamber. Sheila’s story is that one of these young people living with uncer-tainty is Cesar Espinoza, a DREAMer from Houston who came to America from Mexico at the age of 6. Cesar adapted quickly to his Texas home and became a standout student excelling in programs for the gifted and talented throughout his primary and secondary education. Faced daily with the constant threat of deportation, Cesar and his family were forced to have an emergency plan in place in the event one of his family members were detained by the immi-gration services. Espinoza graduated from DeBakey High School near the top of his class and was accepted at some of America’s most prestigious universities, including Yale. But his undocumented status prevented him from obtaining financial assistance, nearly shattering his college ambi-tions. He could have given up on his pursuit of a degree, but instead he chose to make a difference. I know there are other young people who are just like me, said Cesar. They need someone to fight for them and try to make a way. That is when he found-ed FIEL, an immigrants’ rights organi-zation based in Houston. Congresswoman BARBARA LEEwrites about her constituent, Emily. Emily is a resident of Alameda, California. She came to the U.S. when she was 9 years old with her family from South Korea in the year 2000. She currently works in community health work in a federally qualified health center in Oakland, California, serving the underserved API community. Emily graduated from UC Berkeley in 2014 and has been working as a community health worker ever since. She is also taking a class after work to prepare to apply to graduate school. Emily says DACA has changed her life and the lives of her family mem-bers. She was able to finally contribute to her family’s living expenses upon graduation and will continue to pursue her dreams. Emily is grateful for the protection she received under DACA. But she is also deeply concerned about her moth-er and friends who don’t have the same opportunity to come out of the shad-ows. Emily said, ‘‘When my rights as a ‘deserving American’ are justified by the idea that it was ‘no fault of my own,’ it automatically criminalizes my mother, whose love, sacrifice, and re-silience made it possible for me and my siblings to be where we are today. I am forever thankful for her courage and the sacrifice she made to give us a bet-ter life.’’ Emily’s story is a reminder that we must protect DREAMers, but we must never give up the fight for comprehen-sive immigration reform. It is past time for Congress to pass the clean Dream Act. Jose Castillo wrote: ‘‘My name is Jose Castillo, and I am 22 years old. When I was 4 years old’’— can you imagine how precious—‘‘my parents took my little sister and me and packed up everything they owned. We got on a plane and headed to the United States to escape a country in its early stages of turmoil. My parents gave up everything they had to provide us with a sliver of a chance, one they knew we wouldn’t have in Venezuela. ‘‘They made it a point to raise us well while shielding us from racism and their fears of deportation. ‘‘Eventually, we came to understand just how many doors were closed to us. Disheartened and frightened for our fu-ture, we prayed for something, any-thing. DACA was that something. DACA has given me hope and a real chance, but, more importantly, it has given me a voice. I can proudly tell my story to anyone who is willing to lis-ten, a story about a family who is de-termined and persistent in their pur-suit of an American life. ‘‘DACA’s removal would rip that away from us. Ending DACA will hurt more than 800,000 people, people not just with dreams and aspirations, but people that want to be seen, under-stood, and welcomed. They are your friends and your neighbors, your schoolteachers. . . .’’ Now, this is so important: ‘‘They are your friends and your neighbors, your schoolteachers and your doctors, and they need you to come to their side and help. Call Congress, have an open con-versation, relay facts and fight for my family and the hundreds of thousands like us.’’ This goes on and on. It just seems like it is such an easy solution. There are plenty of challenges that we have that are complex, comprehensive im-migration reform, issues that relate to how we prepare our country for jobs for the 21st century, how we prepare our workers and our education system and the rest. But in all of that, we have to be strong as a country. To be strong as a country, we have to be true to our values. To be true to our values is to respect the aspirations of people who are our future. Our young people are our future, and these DREAMers are part of that. They have enriched our community, and they have been en-riched by our community, by the good-ness of the American people, and by the greatness of our country. So our plea to the Speaker is not one just for the DREAMers. Our plea to the Speaker is for us, for ourselves, again, to honor the vows of our Founders, our patriarch, George Washington, and oth-ers who followed him to make our country great, but also to make it a beacon of hope to the rest of the world. Claudia came to the United States when she was 5. She said: ‘‘ . . . my family brought me to a country I would call home. I had to learn a new language, new culture, a new way of life. I was brought here by hard-working, loving parents who only wanted what was best for my future, running away from poverty and leaving family behind in the hope of a better life. ‘‘DACA allowed me to have a chance at a better tomorrow. I am now a med-ical assistant and a third-year student at the University of Utah. Taking away DACA would remove the privileges that I hold dearly. I am not an ‘illegal alien,’ nor am I a criminal or a rapist. I am a human; I am 1 of the 800,000 DREAMers who thrive for a better fu-ture. America is my home. I didn’t choose to be undocumented, but I do decide to keep fighting for what is right and keep moving forward, un-documented and unafraid. I am a DREAMer, and I am here to stay.’’ Did I tell you about Juan Escalante? ‘‘With much foresight to the oncoming political evidence, my parents fled Venezuela in 2000, with my two broth-ers and me in tow, for the United States. In 2006, we learned that an im-migration attorney had mishandled our immigration case, which meant that, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.025 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH920 February 7, 2018 
after 6 years of legal fees and paying taxes, we were no longer on the path towards U.S. citizenship. ‘‘By the time President Obama an-nounced the Deferred Action for Child-hood Arrivals, DACA, program in 2012, I had graduated from Florida State University with a political science de-gree. I fought and lost two legislative fights in support of the Dream Act, helped enact a law in Florida that would provide in-state tuition for un-documented students across the State, and helped organize thousands of DREAMers from all across the country. ‘‘Since 2013, DACA has protected my brothers and me from deportation. With DACA, I was able to return to FSU for a master’s degree in public ad-ministration and get a job in immigra-tion advocacy, as the digital campaigns manager for America’s Voice. I am a Tallahassee resident.’’ Mayra came to the United States at age 6. She said: ‘‘I have now lived in the United States for 21 years. Cur-rently, I work full time as a special education paraprofessional. I am also a college student. I’m working on my third college degree.’’ How many of us can make that claim? ‘‘In May of 2018, I will be graduating summa cum laude with a bachelor’s de-gree in elementary education and spe-cial education. A challenge I have had to overcome is accepting situations that are out of my control and know-ing that having strength and fortitude will lead me to prevail in the end. ‘‘I first went to college to become a nurse. In 2011, my junior year of col-lege, I graduated with honors with an associate’s degree in nursing. Unfortu-nately, I was unable to get licensed due to my immigration status. It was up-setting and embarrassing. I was embar-rassed because I would see former peers working as actual nurses, and I wasn’t. And not because I was incapable, but merely because I was never even given the opportunity to take the NCLEX and get licensed. ‘‘In 2012, I finished my senior year in college and graduated cum laude with a bachelor’s degree in general studies. Over the years, the State I reside in has changed State legislation to allow DACA recipients to receive driver’s li-censes, professional licenses, and cer-tifications.’’ That is a beautiful thing, but we want that for the whole country. There are just certain things, the contribu-tions of DREAMers to our society, the work they do every day with the Amer-ican people of which they consider themselves to be a part, the benefits they have received from working and knowing people in our country, them-selves benefiting from the greatness of the American people, the reciprocity they have given back and honoring the American Dream, working hard with a work ethic, an ethic of faith, family, and community, and a work ethic, usu-ally typical of an immigration commu-nity as many of us who are families from the immigration community, which are all of us unless we happen to be very blessed to be born a Native American in our country. How beau-tiful some of the Native American fam-ilies in our country have been to our newcomers to our country. Our country should all be that wel-coming, and I think our country is. That is why the numbers are in the eighties and nineties, in terms of sup-port for DREAMers, and even in the seventies among Republicans for a path to citizenship. Carlos Emilio Diaz writes: ‘‘I am 19 years old, and I was born in Guerrero, Mexico. I moved to Houston when I was a year old’’—a year old—‘‘and was raised there my entire life. I am cur-rently a student at UT Austin. My big-gest dream is to provide my parents with everything they need without them having to work. They have sac-rificed so much and continue to do so. I feel that’s the least I could do. DACA gives me that opportunity, and without it, my dream has become uncertain.’’ One of the things that I think many families in transition, that is to say, the upward mobility of education in our country and the length of time that families have been here, is the story of their respect for their parents, to see opportunities that they have, that DREAMers in this case have, but just take any people in our country. That one generation has tremendous opportunity because of the sacrifice of their parents and grandparents. b1115 One of the attitudes that I have heard from people is, while they are en-joying and are grateful for everything that they have and the opportunity they have to give back to society, they have a certain sadness that their par-ents didn’t have that same opportunity for education, to reach their personal aspirations. Their aspiration was to make the future better for their chil-dren. They certainly were successful at that. But, still, among some young people, you hear: ‘‘I wish my parents could have had this opportunity.’’ How many people have ever said: ‘‘If only my mother would have had this opportunity’’? That is in every genera-tion, practically, because opportunities for women have changed so much. But, in any case, I have a neighbor in East Palo Alto in the heart of Silicon Valley, Rocio, who writes: ‘‘I grew up in East Palo Alto in the heart of Silicon Valley before and after the dot-com bubble. Despite living in a tough neighborhood of violence’’—you maybe don’t know that, but East Palo Alto is, in the heart of all this wealth, success, and entrepreneurship, a place that needs more of our attention. ‘‘Despite living in a tough neighbor-hood of violence, I watched ‘‘Star Trek Voyager,’’ ‘‘Friends,’’ read Dr. Seuss, and memorized musicals from ‘‘Funny Girl’’ to ‘‘The Wizard of Oz.’’ On the weekends, I helped my dad clean office buildings. He hid me in the trash cart to sneak me into work. I picked up the trash and refilled the trash can with bags at every room. Today, I am in one of those conference rooms whiteboarding with engineers and prod-uct managers to solve the toughest problems in Big Data.’’ Imagine being sneaked in in a trash barrel, helping to clean those offices, and now being the leader in the room, whiteboarding with engineers and prod-uct managers, solving the toughest problems in Big Data. ‘‘Anyone who thinks East Palo Alto is a precious community doesn’t live there anymore. During the worst days of gang violence, I had to become street smart and know that, as an im-migrant and only child in a house of 17 people, I wasn’t in a position to fight back. My strategy was always to keep a low profile and be on the lookout for trouble. ‘‘The community of EPA put me in touch with amazing people through Eastside. Eastside is a private’’—when I say ‘‘EPA,’’ in this case, it is East Palo Alto. ‘‘The community of East Palo Alto put me in touch with amazing people through Eastside. Eastside is a private school in EPA that helps underrep-resented and first-generation students get into college. A couple sponsored me from 6th through 12th grade. ‘‘Every day, I met volunteers and teachers from the surrounding towns and Stanford University. Through a reading program, I met Christina, or Chris, as I like to call her, who, for the past 15 years has been a mentor and a friend. She helped me become a better reader and eventually edit a manu-script for a book. The education and support that I received at Eastside al-lowed me to be successful and stay safe. ‘‘It sounds crazy, but I couldn’t get a cell phone. If something happened to me while my parents worked the night shift as janitors, I couldn’t call 911. I didn’t have a credit history, which re-quires a Social Security number. That’s when I started becoming aware of my status as an undocumented stu-dent. A Stanford med school student, Julie, helped me out. Although the phone was under her name, I paid her in cash for part of my bill every month.’’ So, again, you see, without it—no status, no credit, no Social Security number, no driver’s license—it is de-bilitating and doubly worrisome be-cause so many of these people are mak-ing such a valuable contribution to our society, learning from the American people, and giving back. Maneri: ‘‘I’m 18 years old and from Los Angeles. I just graduated high school and will be attending UCLA to study political science in the fall. Being an undocumented student has been tough. Coming to this country at 6 years old completely changed my life. Learning English and doing well in school was a battle since everyone in my family only spoke Spanish and had 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.026 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H921 February 7, 2018 
no more than an elementary school education. ‘‘However, being a DREAMer has also shaped who I am, what I stand for, and has inspired me to dream big. After graduation, I hope to go to law school and become an immigration lawyer to help others in my situation and give back to my community. I dream that one day your immigration status doesn’t define your path in life or hold you back from reaching your goals but, instead, encourages and embraces di-versity.’’ Again, so many stories of so many DREAMers. I just want to see if we have some more from our colleagues in terms of the ones that they have sub-mitted. We have received all of these from our colleagues. Some of them identified as being from them or not, but all of them, again, proud, proud of these young people who not only are DREAMers, but inspire the rest of us to dream. Mr. Speaker, I thank you for your courtesy. I am not finished yet. I thank you for your courtesy in the interim and just want to say I am taking this time because I think we have an oppor-tunity now that is almost matchless. We are at a moment when we can all come together to do something really good for the country, take an action that has bipartisan support. We have no right, as I said earlier, any of us, to associate ourselves with the aspirations of the DREAMers un-less we are able to and willing and cou-rageous enough to take action on their behalf. So, while some of us have been, more or less, receptive to receiving DREAMers, learning from them, being inspired by them, some have not been as exposed to these DREAMers and their stories as others. I think, if you had been—and I am not saying you re-ject it; I am just saying maybe it is ge-ography or whatever—you would be as insistent as many of us are that we live up to who we are as a country, and this people’s House listens to the voices of the American people who overwhelm-ingly support our DREAMers. Again, I don’t know when we would have another opportunity that matches today for us to just get a simple com-mitment from the Speaker of the House that he will give us a vote. There is no guarantee. We will have the debate. People will weigh in. They will make their voices heard. Congress, again, will work its will. But do not di-minish this House of Representatives, this people’s House, to a place where we don’t have the right to express our views on a subject so important to our country that has such general support in the public and, yet, the Speaker of the House is saying we don’t matter here, we, Members of the House, don’t count in this consideration because maybe we just don’t have the courage to do what we need to do. I believe we do. I believe many people on the Republican side of the aisle have demonstrated even greater courage than some of us on this side. It is easy for me. But it is also hard for me be-cause we really, again, are in a position to do something, and we feel helpless— that is what the hard part is—helpless if our Speaker will not, Speaker of the whole House, give this dignity to this House of Representatives to be able to take the vote on a subject of broad de-bate in the country, but we can’t de-bate a bill on the floor of the House. The Senate has received that dignity, has received that commitment from M
ITCH MCCONNELL , from Leader M
CCONNELL on the Republican side, but, nonetheless, the Senate side, re-sponding to bipartisan support, bring-ing a bill to the floor with, again, no guarantee, the debate, we will see what path that legislation takes. But why a gag rule in the House of Representatives? Why a gag rule? And that is why I am voicing some of the concerns today, largely through the voices and the stories of our DREAM-ers. We want to be sure that the public record of the Congress of the United States forevermore will reflect the sto-ries of their great contribution to America in the hopes that those stories will move the Speaker of the House to give us a vote, to elevate this House of Representatives to its rightful place in-stead of diminishing us by saying the Senate may talk about these subjects that the American people care so much about, not so fast in the House of Rep-resentatives. So that is why I am using my leader-ship minute to make sure that the R
ECORD will show the magnificent con-tributions of the DREAMers in our country, the courage it took for their parents to bring them here. And again, Members are sending in their stories from Dallas, Texas, from Arizona State. Let me read this one: 
Pitter-patter. Pitter-patter. Stretching out my hand to greet her. She reiterated my name, Mr. Luis Roberto Usera, class salu-tatorian. Isn’t that great? Making the salutary ad-dress. Clear as the day, breaking wind upon my face, silencing my voice as I spoke out in a crowd of thousands. This is our day, ladies and gentlemen, the class of 2012. The last 18 years of our lives, everything we have ac-complished, everything we have been through has led us to today. Reading these words aloud encouraged that I had made a difference, that my work ethic finally paid off. This is meant to be an honor. Here I was, 4.8 grade point average, 4.8 grade point average, all honors classes. Ran student government and some of the most successful blood drives my school ever has seen and no way to do anything with it. I looked, watching people’s reaction, their faces toward mine, waiting for me to con-tinue. And so I did. An echo was heard around the amphi-theater rapidly dispersing my voice to every-one in the back, to myself. I spoke into the enchanted crowd, amused at my priestlike voice. And here, 4 years later, we have to face that same feeling, the bittersweet combina-tion of nostalgia and excitement that comes when you turn off one road in your life and onto another. The speech would have been great if I had believed a word I was saying. The speech might have rung true to someone else, but the advice that was inadvertently coming out of my mouth meant nothing to myself. I could no longer follow my own advice. Governing laws did not allow undocumented immigrants to go to college right out of high school. My too thin of a boy who ignorantly thought he would go to college transformed to that of a cashier tending lines in the local supermarket. In retrospect, those feelings were before DACA was announced. I still remember the many chills that went through my body when President Obama an-nounced the initiative. Then, still worried that it might be too good to be true, I stuck with it and applied, making a huge dif-ference in my life. I could continue my edu-cation, work legally, and live peacefully in a world surrounded by fear. Through DACA, I could achieve the by then impossible college education. DACA al-lowed me to come out of the shadows and show the true potential I have without fear. DACA demonstrated to me that people cared, that people wanted to help and understand the situation. I recently received TheDream.US scholar-ship that bestowed upon me the gift of edu-cation, for which I will be ever grateful. I am currently an undergraduate student studying biochemistry at Arizona State University. A great school, by the way. 
I arrived in the United States when I was 5. I grew up American. I grew up speaking English. I grew up to call the United States home. This is my home. This is my country. I am here to stay. Luis Roberto Usera Brisano. 
Sofia de la Varga, an EMT student: 
I was 5 years old when my mother told me where we were going to on vacation. At the time, I was excited for this vacation because our dog had passed away and was buried right outside my bedroom window. I wasn’t too happy about that when it came to get-ting a night’s rest. I went ahead and I gath-ered my teddy bear and book bag, which pretty much summed up all my belongings as a child. When I was 15, I realized our vacation was more than a permanent move from a dan-gerous country. My mother gave up her en-tire family for us. She left her brothers and her mother to risk her life for us. Today, I feel worthless. Since I came to America, I have felt nothing but useless and not belonging. I grew up here. I work, study, breathe, and want to live forever here. Yet never in my life have I been given a chance to become a citizen, because I was not born here. For the longest, I have been sick and tired of living in a place that I am not wanted. For so long, this place I call home refuses to call me theirs. When people ask me where I am from, I say ‘‘America.’’ America. My soul and heart are from here. If I were to move back, I know for a fact I would not like it. I wouldn’t have a car, internet, friends, secu-rity. And getting killed is a possibility every day. However, if the choice were mine and no one in my family existed, I would leave in a heartbeat because at least I would belong. I wanted to leave many times. My mom, the most wonderful soul on the planet, con-vinced me otherwise. She fled because, since the day I was born, they said they were try-ing to rob, kidnap, and even kill her. When I first heard President Obama’s speech on DACA years ago, I saw the light at the end of the tunnel. DACA granted me ev-erything to live a normal life and, for once, belong. It was temporary, but I felt real. I graduated high school at the top percent in my class. I was first in my family, and I was blessed to start college and earned a scholar-ship that paid for my first 2 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.028 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH922 February 7, 2018 
This December I will be finishing up my EMT school. In the future, I hope to com-plete 2 more years of paramedic and attain an associate in emergency services. I have a brother that drowned when I was younger. In my home country, you can for-get that police and an ambulance will arrive or even bother to come if you call. My only hope is to save as many lives as I can or die risking my life for another person. 
b1130 
I know DACA can be taken away. I won’t be able to drive to my college or work to pay off my college tuition. My scholarship will be terminated, I will be deported and eventu-ally left with nothing to live for. I pray for an opportunity to stop feeling like that. There isn’t room for me here. 
You see, it is amazing the effect on public policy and people’s lives. That is why I want the R
ECORD to show, again, that everyone, forevermore in the his-tory of the United States of America, will know that these DREAMers are part of that history and that their sto-ries will be there to make judgments about us as to how we have responded to their greatness. Nayelli Valdemar says: ‘‘I am an AP scholar. I am a distinguished high school graduate. I am a cum laude stu-dent. I am a leader. I am a recipient of scholarships in merit and cir-cumstance. I am also an illegal immi-grant. ‘‘Well, allow me to rephrase. I am an illegal immigrant until the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, an exec-utive action where President Obama gave me the opportunity to live as a resident here in the United States. DACA has opened many doors for DREAMers such as myself. Honestly, it has made the path to success miles more tangible. Inspiring me to be the best I can, even when the odds plotted against me, DACA was, and is, there to give a helping hand. Regarding my aca-demic record, neither am I writing to boast about my accomplishment nor to ask for pity in the right situation, I am here to thank anyone and everyone who made DACA not only possible, but DREAMers’ dreams come true. I’m writing to give thanks for the faith the creators of DACA gave me when the compassion of the world seemed to turn a blind eye my way. With this let-ter, I only hope to help the new Presi-dential administration understand why DACA is a vital part of every DREAM-er’s life. ‘‘As a poverty-stricken female immi-grant, I have moved mountains to get to where I am today, but this never would have been possible without the assistance of DACA. Playing an impor-tant role in my life, DACA is a pin-nacle to the rights I cherish every day. Because of DACA, I have been able to get a job to assist my family. It was not easy working 30-plus-hour shifts, only to be welcomed by house chores and schoolwork, especially since I graduated from a magnet school, the Science Academy of South Texas, a school notorious for its workload. . . . ‘‘My hopes lie in that the generosity of this Nation continues to allow all DREAMers a fighting chance for our future, our hopes, and our aspirations to become more than just DREAMers. ‘‘Please, please, let it be known that all DREAMers appreciate the assist-ance this Nation has given us through DACA. Futures have been opened for DREAMers who were once on uncertain roads, thanks to the help of DACA. I hope this Nation does not give up on us. I hope this Nation continues to be-lieve in its DREAMers. I hope this Na-tion continues to see why DACA is nec-essary. After all, this Nation is all that most DREAMers have. Our lives are under the weight of this country’s mercy. Although, as much as we work, as much as we learn, as much as we pray, all we can truly do is hope and dream for a hopeful tomorrow, a brighter road ahead, a chance to dream again. Nayelli Valdemar.’’ Nayelli, in this statement, talks about praying. That is why I am so glad I mentioned at the beginning the three Bs: the Bibles, the badges, and the business community. They are so supportive of giving relief to the DREAMers. Let’s talk about the Bibles. I talked about the Gospel of Matthew, the par-able of the Good Samaritan, the dig-nity and worth of every person’s spark of divinity, that God, Christ coming down, bringing his divinity to human-ity enabled us, our humanity, to par-ticipate in his divinity, and that is that spark that we all have, every sin-gle one of us. So we have to respect it in others but be responsible for it in ourselves, and that is the challenge that we have. ‘‘Hope,’’ sitting there between ‘‘faith’’ and ‘‘charity,’’ the goodness of others—we all have hope that when we have needs, we believe, we have faith that others will be there for us, and that is what America is about. America is great because America is good. I say it over and over again. This fabulous, greatest country in the his-tory of the world, think about it, our Founders, how courageous they were. They decided to declare war on the greatest naval power, then, in the world, the British Navy, the British military. They declared, in the Dec-laration of Independence, their griev-ances against the king, but they also stated their aspirations about people being created equal. No country had been founded on that principle before, and our inalienable rights under God, just remarkable, be-stowed on them by Our Creator. This is a remarkable people. And then they fought the war, they won the war, they established our founding documents. My daughter wrote a movie on it— well, she didn’t write because it was written by our Founders, but she pro-duced a movie on words that made America—our Declaration, our Con-stitution, our Bill of Rights. And thank God they had the brilliance to make our Constitution amendable. And it being amendable, it became this in-credible document with the Bill of Rights, and then others that we take an oath to protect and defend. At the same time as they did that, they created the great seal of the United States of America. I referenced it earlier. It is on the dollar bill. You see that triangle with the eye? It used to scare me when I was little. What is that? A pyramid with an eye? But under it, it says: ‘‘Novus Ordo Seclorum.’’ Catholics know that ‘‘seclorum, seclorum, seclorum’’ means ‘‘forever and ever and ever.’’ But in this, it is ‘‘new order for the ages.’’ They had so much confidence in what they had established and what they were doing that was so new and fresh to the world. They became a beacon to the world. But in doing this new order for the ages, they had confidence and optimism that this would last forever because it was predicated on the idea that every generation would take re-sponsibility and make the future better for the next. I said it earlier: The American Dream. People flocked to our shores bringing their aspirations, hopes, de-termination, and courage to make the future better for their families. And in adopting them, their traits were like American traits, characteristics of op-timism, hope, courage, and making the future better. And all these newcomers to our shores, they made America more American with their commitment to a better future for their families, and that continues to this day. And these young people now are called DREAMers. Their parents had a dream for them to bring them to our country, but they completely adapted to our way of always being dreamers about a better future in our country. They learned from the American peo-ple. They taught the American people. It is a beautiful relationship. And now we have an opportunity to show our greatness as a country, to honor the values of our Founders, the courage they had to find a path, a solu-tion, a result, so that we can put this aside and address other issues that re-late to immigration, which are a bigger picture, more complicated, take more time, require more public debate. Why can’t we just do this? This is discrete. Congresswoman M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM , the chair of the Hispanic Caucus, said this so beau-tifully when we testified before the Rules Committee on immigration, on the Dream Act. She said: Think of this bill like CHIP. CHIP, the Children’s Health Insurance Program, is about the children. It is not a bill that talks about universal healthcare, the whole healthcare system of our country. It is about the children. We have the immi-gration issue similar to being a big comprehensive issue, but then we have this little piece that is for the children. I think it was the perfect analogy. CHIP is healthcare for the children. It doesn’t address the whole healthcare system, changes that people may want to make or improve or change. It is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.030 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H923 February 7, 2018 
about the children. It is an easy path for us to go down, recognizing that it is not a substitute for what we need to do to address immigration reform in our country, but a first step, not a step in-stead of. And it is a confidence-building step that we can find common ground in, in a bipartisan way, and we must, if it is going to be sustainable, just as the bill was in 1986 that President Reagan im-proved upon with his family fairness initiatives. So that is why let’s just think of it as about the children. We should always be thinking about the children. They are the future. They own the future. They are it. And when children come to Washington, D.C., and they visit and see how we honor our Founders, George Washington, Lincoln—later to save the Union, Lincoln—but earlier, Thomas Jefferson, et cetera, and walk these Halls and see tributes to people who went before, we say: In most cases, this is about respecting contributions these people made to our country, especially our big monuments on The Mall, and most recently, Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr., there. We honor them, we learn from them, we value them. But what we do here is values-based on how they taught us. But it is about the future, and this is about how we can go into the future making distinctions, discerning. Dis-cerning, having the ability to say there is some things we can get done, let’s do them; other things take more time. Let’s build confidence, build bridges in what we do, again, always trying to do it with bipartisanship, with trans-parency so people know what the de-bate is and what is in the bill, and that brings unity to our country. I think that is very possible. I am very proud to read these state-ments into the R
ECORD , and I will con-tinue to do so. But during the night, when I was thinking and praying so hard about our DREAMers, I thought maybe we should just pray all day on the floor of Congress. Maybe I should bring my rosary blessed by the Pope, blessed by His Holiness Pope Francis, or the one before that, Benedict. I had the honor and privilege of re-ceiving rosaries blessed by several Popes in my lifetime, but I always re-member Pope Benedict. When he came, he spoke so beautifully. He spoke so beautifully. His first encyclical is called, ‘‘God is love.’’ In it, he quotes St. Augustine, who, 17 centuries ago, said: ‘‘Any government that is not formed to promote justice is just a bunch of thieves.’’ That is what St. Augustine said 17 centuries ago. He, Benedict, His Holi-ness, goes on to say: Sometimes it is hard to define what justice is, but in doing so, we must beware of the daz-zling blindness of power and special in-terest. That is what he said. But this doesn’t have any of that. This has social jus-tice, it has camaraderie, it has good spirit. It is based on faith, hope, and charity. Pope Francis, when he came, spoke so beautifully, as he always does, about respecting immigrants. He is liv-ing in a much more complicated world of immigrants coming into Europe, but, again, respecting the dignity and worth of every person. And he came here in this Chamber and spoke about a few subjects. As you recall, one of them was poverty and how we respect the dignity and worth of people that Christ mentioned so many times in the Bible. As we know, poor people are mentioned in the Bible hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of times because of how important our re-sponsibility is to them. But he also talked about immigra-tion. He talked about immigration in a very important way. And as I get his statement, I will instead read from Gloria Rinconi, a medical assistant from Dallas, Texas. She said: ‘‘I am a girl who you grad-uated next to, the girl who you talked to daily, the girl who has finally de-cided to step away from the shadows and into the light for you to see her. ‘‘See me as for who I am, not for someone who told you I would be. ‘‘I immigrated to the United States when I was a year old with my parents. My parents had taken the decision to immigrate to USA due to being in a country that offered no future for their family. Even though both my parents ran a successful business and my mom had a college education, the violence and underemployment was no future for us. The first place we called home was a small apartment in Dallas, Texas, who we shared with another family. We lived in Texas for a year and moved to Statesville, North Caro-lina. We then moved to the outskirts of the little town in some rundown trailer homes. ‘‘We had nothing. My parents slept on the floor while I made a makeshift bed out of a piece of cardboard and a blanket. After months of saving up money, my dad finally had enough to rent an apartment near downtown Statesville. After 9 years, we moved again to Texas. Growing up, my par-ents never hid the fact that I was un-documented from me. They always told me, ‘Just because you were not born here, does not mean you are any less. You are loved by many, regardless of what you might hear on TV.’’’ ‘‘Those words became my rock when I was in high school. When I was a freshman, my mom was diagnosed with stage 4 breast cancer. For months she struggled trying to find treatment at an affordable rate. Doctors would turn her down simply because of her illegal status, even though she offered to ne-gotiate a payment plan. She was dying, and no one seemed to care. Her only sin was to be an undocumented woman with stage 4 cancer. She eventually found treatment, but I had seen first-hand how dehumanizing people can be towards the undocumented. During this time, DACA was put into place and it officially opened the door for me. . . . b1145 ‘‘DACA gave me wings, the wings I hoped for all my life when I was in school. I participated in national pag-eants placing as a national achieve-ment finalist. I graduated high school with a medical assistant certification and became a recipient of TheDream.US scholarship, which helped me pursue my higher education. DACA has also given me a chance to give back to other DREAMers by being an intern at My Undocumented Life blog.’’ ‘‘U.S. DACA recipients are not here to harm the U.S. The U.S. is our home and will always be our home. We are part of the fabric that makes the American flag. For that, I am willing to come out of the shadows so you can see me.’’ Again, this American Dream of mak-ing the future better is recurring in all of these stories, and in all of these sto-ries there has been success. Again, though, it is not just about the DREAMers. It is about who we are. Luis Roberto. I talked about Luis al-ready. I gave his speech. We had his speech from his graduating class. Luz Divina writes: ‘‘I came to the U.S. from . . . Mexico when I was 2 months old. I didn’t know I was un-documented until sophomore year of high school when I realized I couldn’t get a driver’s permit, apply for jobs, or go to college programs like all my friends were doing. I felt depressed and oppressed for years until I finally ap-plied for DACA when Obama imple-mented his executive order. I finally had a chance at the real world. I start-ed a collective in high school named ‘The Luzdivina Collective’ that helped DREAMers in my high school and vic-tims of social injustice in my commu-nity. I am currently trying to get into education—either ethnic studies or art, maybe both. The announcement of DACA ending has put me back into a state of depression, but I’m trying my hardest to overcome this with the help of my friends and family. My dream is to be an educator, activist, and writer, to inspire DREAMers like myself who are currently or have been in a state of depression due to their legal status.’’ We have to remember how strong the DREAMers are but how fragile some of their existence is when they have no certainty as to what the next steps will be for them. Again, this is all about family, about parents who had the courage to bring their children at an early age to America. This happened 100 years ago. Do you think all of the people who came here all came documented? Maybe we should all look up our ances-try and just find out what the facts are about that. We assume so, but do we really know? And there are many people—as I said earlier, Italians were called wops, with-out papers. That was a derogatory term. It is disgusting for me to say it, being an Italian American and so proud of my heritage. As I said earlier, we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.032 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH924 February 7, 2018 
grew up thinking that the world was divided among two people in America: those who were Italian American and those who wanted to be Italian Amer-ican. Certainly, it feels that way in Little Italy in Baltimore, where I grew up, and in San Francisco, whom I have the honor to represent. But, in any event, we all take pride in our heritage, and that is the best— best—qualification for recognizing the pride that other people take in their heritage. I say this to the Italian Americans all the time: Because I am so proud to be an Italian American, I understand full well why people from Mexico or Puerto Rico or Africa or wherever they are from take pride in who they are, their dignity, the au-thenticity of their heritage, and who they are. And in America, that beauty, the beauty is in the mix. It certainly is in my district. But in some communities, the contributions of immigrants are not as recent as in others. But in every community, it has made a difference, constantly reinvigorating America. And so when His Holiness Pope Francis came to speak here in the Con-gress, as a Catholic Italian American— that is the essence of my being—it was really a thrilling day. It was for all of us, regardless of our background or our faith. I was particularly thrilled to hear what he said about immigration. But you recall, he talked about Mar-tin Luther King and the march from Selma to Montgomery. He talked about people living in poverty, and he talked about a number of subjects, but I will just speak to what he said about immi-gration. The Pope solemnly said: ‘‘In recent centuries, millions of people came to this land to pursue their dream of building a future in freedom. We, the people of this continent’’—be-cause, as you know, His Holiness is the first Pope from the Western Hemi-sphere. ‘‘We, the people of this continent, are not fearful of foreigners because most of us were once foreigners. I say this to you as the son of immigrants’’— Italian, by the way. ‘‘I say this to you as the son of immi-grants, knowing that so many of you are also descended from immigrants. Tragically, the rights of those who were here long before us were not al-ways respected. For those people and their nations, from the heart of Amer-ican democracy, I wish to reaffirm my highest esteem and appreciation. Those first contacts were often turbulent and violent, but it is difficult to judge the past by the criteria of the present. Nonetheless, when the stranger in our midst appeals to us, we must not re-peat the sins and errors of the past. We must resolve now to live as nobly and as justly as possible, as we educate new generations not to turn their back on our ‘neighbors’ and everything around us. Building a nation calls us to recog-nize that we must constantly relate to others, rejecting a mindset of hostility in order to adopt one of reciprocal subsidiarity, in a constant effort to do our best. I am confident we can do this.’’ How beautiful. And then he goes on to talk about immigration in the rest of the world. And then he says: ‘‘We need to avoid a common tempta-tion nowadays: to disregard whatever proves troublesome. Let us remember the Golden Rule: Do unto others as you would have them do unto you.’’ I will submit his whole statement for the R
ECORD because it goes on in such a beautiful, beautiful way. It also talks about climate in there, Laudato Si, which is his first encyclical about God’s creation, this planet, and our re-sponsibilities to be good stewards of it. I am talking about His Holiness. Get-ting to the Bible is part of it. We talked about the Bible earlier. I thought maybe we could say a Rosary on the floor of the House, not just five decades, the full Rosary, all of the mysteries of the Rosary, that is 15 dec-ades of the Rosary. But, nonetheless, I think these people telling their stories are very prayerful, and so I will use the time to put their stories on the R
ECORD . But let me just say how proud I am of the statements made by the U.S. Con-ference of Catholic Bishops, their cour-age in fighting for immigrants across our country, from our cardinals, our bishops, et cetera, from their esteemed platforms, whether it is the DREAMers or TPS or comprehensive immigration reform. But right now, today, we are talking about the DREAMers. The evangelicals in our country, Rev-erend Sam Rodriguez’ statements, have been so spectacular about, again, the spark of divinity that exists in every person that must be respected, strong supporters of President Trump also be-lieving that it is possible for all of us to have enough goodness in our hearts to get this job done, go past any obsta-cles that may be there. Again, the Southern Baptist Conven-tion, their leadership, all across the spectrum, of course, the Jewish com-munity, across the full spectrum of faith-based organizations, all speaking out and rallying as people rallied when we first saw the Muslim ban. The people of faith are people of faith. They believe, and they believe that we have obligations to each other. They have spoken out in a very coura-geous way. In terms of the badges, I told you some stories about DREAMers who have come forth to help with law en-forcement. By and large, we have had strong support from the law enforce-ment community about support for the DREAMers. And the business community, oh, my, they have been spectacular in terms of raising the profile, treating their em-ployees who are DREAMers with re-spect, advocating for them. And this Congress of the United States, they seem to have a strong voice on some issues. I wish they would be listened to as attentively on issues of social justice here. But they do have access. And one of the things I want to praise them for is I think that the 90 percent, 80 percent, 70 percent ratings, depending on if it is citizenship or what, but the high numbers across the board for DREAMers would not have been possible without people hearing from the bishops, from law enforce-ment, and from the business commu-nity making this a very high-profile issue about how their companies have benefited from the DREAMers and how they truly believe. This is not an issue that is going to go away. It is a value. It is not an issue. It may be a subject for legisla-tion, but this is an American value that is deeply felt across the board. And I am determined that the stories of at least some of these DREAMers— I can’t do 800,000, although I am willing to take the time. That might lose im-pact after awhile, after some of these great stories. Listen to Maneri: ‘‘I’m 18 years old and from Los Angeles. I just graduated high school and will be attending UCLA to study political science in the fall. Being an undocumented student has been tough. Coming to this country at 6 years old completely changed my life. Learning English and doing well in school was a battle since everyone in my finally only spoke Spanish. . . . Being a DREAMer also shaped who I am, what I stand for. . . . After gradua-tion, I hope to go to law school. . . . ’’ I already told you this story, but it bears repeating. ‘‘I dream that one day, your immi-gration status doesn’t define your path. . . . ’’ Alonso: ‘‘Growing up undocumented in Utah truly shaped me into the per-son I am today. My experiences grow-ing up in the margins of society inform the work I do and the work I seek to continue doing in this life. I am pas-sionate about working with undocu-mented students and families and strive to share all of my knowledge and experiences with the undocumented community as well the community as a whole. ‘‘I was born in Peru and emigrated to the United States when I was 11. I ar-rived in Utah with my brother to unite with our mother, who had come to the U.S. a year before our arrival. Six months after arriving in the U.S. with a tourist visa, my visa expired. . . . ’’ So he came into the country with legal status. And this is something I think that is really important. Not ev-erybody who is undocumented came here in an undocumented fashion. Some of the documentation is expired and, in the case of DACA, just a ques-tion of when the mail hit and what day it was received by the government. ‘‘I was 12 and a hardworking student, earning good grades working toward a future that would allow me to repay my mom for all of her sacrifices. As a high school student, I enrolled in hon-ors and AP courses, which challenged 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.034 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H925 February 7, 2018 
me and furthered my plans of earning a higher education. ‘‘I graduated from high school with a diploma of merit and went to the Uni-versity of Utah, where I would major in sociology and be mentored by incred-ible individuals. Most pointedly, Matt Bradley Ph.D., rest in peace 2012; Caitlyn Cahill, Ph.D.; and David Quijada Cerecer, Ph.D. My mentors showed me that my work, insight, and contributions as an undocumented stu-dent are important. . . . ’’ Now, imagine, this child came in doc-umented but became undocumented when the visa expired. ‘‘. . . and I truly owe them for show-ing me that I matter for being who I am. ‘‘In 2013, I graduated from the Uni-versity of Utah with an honors bach-elor of science in sociology, and in 2016 with a master’s in education . . . with an emphasis on higher education ad-ministration. I am currently the Dreamer Program Coordinator for the University of Utah, which is the first center for DREAMers in the State of Utah.’’ God bless you, Utah. ‘‘In the future, I would like to pursue a Ph.D. in sociology with a focus on immigration and labor studies.’’ This is important because, once again, as has been consistent in these themes, the DREAMers are grateful for the mentoring they have received from people in our country, some of whom shared their heritage, most of whom did not. That is the beautiful thing about the DREAMers: they know that they have a dream, but somebody else had a plan for their own dream that in-spired the DREAMers to have their plan. b1200 When Yuri Hernandez was only 3 years old, her family brought her to the United States from Mexico. Yuri grew up in the town of Coos Bay in Or-egon. In high school, she was an honor roll student who was very active in her community. Yuri went on to attend the University of Portland, where she grad-uated with a bachelor’s degree in social work. Yuri is now a graduate student at the University of Michigan School of So-cial Work. She is planning to graduate with a master’s in social work in the fall of 2017. In her spare time, she tu-tors and mentors high school students. Yuri dreams of becoming a social worker and giving back to her commu-nity. Rey Pineda was brought to America when he was 2 years old. The first in his family to attend college and a de-vout Catholic, Rey is now a priest in the Cathedral of Christ the King in At-lanta, Georgia. If DACA is eliminated, Father Rey will lose his legal status and could be deported back to Mexico, a tragedy for Father Rey and his con-gregation. After the most divisive election in recent memory, Father Rey and other DACA recipients have a key role to play in healing the differences that di-vide us. Oscar Cornejo, Jr., was brought to Park City, Utah, when he was 5 years old. He was an excellent student throughout his childhood and now at-tends Dartmouth. If DACA is elimi-nated, Oscar will lose his legal status and could be deported back to Mexico, a country he hasn’t lived in since he was 5 years old. Will America be stronger if we deport Oscar? Will America be stronger if we deport Oscar, or if he stays here and achieves his dream of becoming an edu-cator? The answer is clear. DACA works. Lisette Diaz was just 6 years old when her family brought her to the U.S. from Chile. Growing up in Long Is-land, Lisette excelled in school and was involved in her community. She went on to attend Harvard, where she re-ceived numerous awards and partici-pated in a variety of extracurricular activities. Lisette recently graduated Harvard with honors. Lisette and other DREAMers have so much to contribute to our country, but Donald Trump and other Republicans have made their agenda clear. They want to shut down DACA and DAPA and deport hundreds of thousands of DREAMers and American children. That is Lisette’s view. I hope that we have a better understanding of where the President may be on this. We don’t want Lisette to be deported back to Chile, a country where she hasn’t lived since she was 6 years old. When Cynthia Sanchez was just 7 years old, her family came to the United States from Mexico. Cynthia grew up in Denver, Colorado, and was an excellent student. She went on to attend the University of Denver, where she received numerous awards and scholarships and was an active volun-teer. In 2010, Cynthia graduated from col-lege with a degree in cognitive neuro-science, which is a double major in psy-chology and biology, as well as a minor in chemistry. In 2013, she applied for DACA and was approved that summer. By September, Cynthia was working at Northwestern University in Chicago doing clinical re-search in the Department of Medicine’s Division of Cardiology. Her research fo-cuses on improving treatment for pa-tients who suffer from heart disease. Cynthia said: ‘‘DACA has meant a new realm of opportunities for me, it has opened new doors for me, and it has allowed me to once again see my dream as a reality. I truly believe that if those opposed to DACA or the Dream Act had a chance to sit and chat with undocumented students, their opinions might change. They would see capable, smart, hardworking individuals who are Americans in every sense of the word, love this country, and want to contribute to its prosperity. After all, this is our home.’’ That is really very beautiful. I do be-lieve that the more our colleagues know the DREAMers, the better it will be for our country. Vasthy Lamadrid came to the United States from Mexico when she was only 5 years old. Despite her family’s mod-est means, Vasthy felt safe and ex-celled in school. Math was her best sub-ject, and she had nearly perfect scores on standardized tests. In middle school, Vasthy discovered the love of engineering. She excelled academically and was active in her community. Vasthy has gone on to attend Arizona State University, again, I mention, a great school. Because of her immigra-tion status, she does not qualify for any government assistance and has to pay out-of-state tuition, despite having lived in Arizona for most of her life. To help pay for her education, Vasthy decided to crowdfund her col-lege education. Vasthy shared her story online, and this brought in enough contributions to pay for her tuition. She is currently in her second year of college. In her first semester, she made the dean’s list with a 3.79 GPA in the Ira A. Fulton Schools of Engineering. Thanks to DACA, Vasthy is able to work to support herself and volunteer in her community. As a result of her volunteer work, Vasthy has decided that she wants to become a science teacher. Okay. So I have been going through some of these rather quickly in order to get as many of them in the R
ECORD  as possible. But I do want to change my pace a little bit because some of these stories are so emotion-filled, and I can place the statement in the R
ECORD , but I want to deliver the sto-ries. I am trying to be respectful of other people’s time, but I am also trying to be respectful of the challenge that we face and the need for us to find a solu-tion which is clear in sight for our DREAMers. Fernando’s family came to the United States when he was 9 years old. In high school, Fernando was an AP Scholar and received the International Baccalaureate Diploma and the achievement award in foreign language for French. Fernando continued to excel aca-demically at Santa Clara University, where he graduated cum laude with a double major in biology and french. Now a third-year doctoral student at UC San Francisco—the ultimate, fabu-lous place, right—Fernando—it is very hard to get in—works at the UCSF Helen Diller Family Comprehensive Cancer Center, where he is working hard to provide new insights into many diseases and disorders. Again, giving back. Denisse Rojas—in 1990, Denisse tells her story that when she was an infant, her parents carried her across the Southwest border with the hope of giv-ing her and her siblings a better life. Just think of this family, so coura-geous. Denisse’s family settled in Fre-mont, California. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.035 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH926 February 7, 2018 
Denisse said, in her words: ‘‘In grade school, I recall feeling different from my peers; my skin color was darker, my English was stilted, I was poor, and I was undocumented.’’ In 2012, when President Obama estab-lished DACA, Denisse’s life changed. As a DACA recipient, Denisse’s dreams fi-nally seemed within reach. She was able to apply to medical schools that before would have turned her away be-cause of her immigration status. This meant that she could focus on pursuing a career in medicine and no longer fear the possibility of losing the only home she had ever known. Denisse said: ‘‘I have pledged alle-giance to this Nation’s values since my first day of school; I consider the United States my home. Furthermore, serving others has instilled in me the notion that everyone deserves the op-portunity for prosperity. I thus aim to dedicate my life to serving others as a physician and continuing to be a voice for immigrants.’’ Reading Denisse’s story about her being concerned in grade school, ‘‘I re-call feeling different from my peers; my skin color was darker, my English was stilted,’’ I am reminded of my own grandson. He is Irish, English, what-ever, whatever, and Italian American. He is a mix, but he looks more like the other side of the family, shall we say. When he had his sixth birthday, he had a very close friend whose name is Antonio. He is from Guatemala, and he has beautiful tan skin, beautiful brown eyes, and the rest. This was such a proud day for me because when my grandson blew out the candles on his cake, I said: ‘‘Did you make a wish? And he said: ‘‘Yes, I made a wish.’’ We said: ‘‘What is your wish.’’ He said: ‘‘I wish I had brown skin and brown eyes like Antonio.’’ It was so beautiful, so beautiful. The beauty is in the mix. The face of the future for our country is all-Amer-ican, and that has many versions. Kok-Leong Seow: ‘‘None of my friends from my hometown know. My parents raised me to be gritty, never to complain or take handouts. I didn’t want to have a victim mentality or be known for being undocumented. But I realized that sharing my story would be therapeutic, raise awareness, and help other underprivileged people. ‘‘I came to America when I was 6 years old. My parents grew up poor and risked so much to move us here with hopes of giving us a better life. My dad is a waiter at a small restaurant, which is enough to put food on the table and clothes on our backs. We pay taxes, abide by all laws, and don’t live on wel-fare. ‘‘As for me, I can’t legally work, drive, fly, or have health insurance. I’ve missed out on numerous opportu-nities because of my situation. Fortu-nately, I was able to pursue college. ‘‘Fast forward 4 years, I have grad-uated magna cum laude in computer engineering from Wichita State Uni-versity. I was at the top of my class, number one in my major, wrote two first-author papers, won research awards, and have a patent pending. ‘‘Consequently, I was accepted into graduate school at Columbia Univer-sity. However, due to my status, I’m unable to obtain a stipend to continue my education. Receiving DACA would grant me the opportunity to acquire the funding I need, provide for my fam-ily, and master my craft to realize my full potential. But due to election re-sults, applying for DACA is simply not a favorable option anymore. ‘‘Without DACA, many live in daily fear of deportation. I’ve had friends whose families were torn apart.’’ This is Kok-Leong Seow. ‘‘These are genuine, everyday strug-gles, and it’s easy to dismiss it because it’s not happening to your family. To truly empathize, you need to dig deep and allow yourself to feel our pain and our anxiety.’’ This is a very important message, for us to dig deep and experience their pain and anxiety. ‘‘Many non-Native Americans seem to forget that they, too, have immigra-tion in their blood. Just like everyone else, we simply want an opportunity to contribute to the only home that we know. Ironically, I’ve enjoyed the ad-versity. I feel alive under pressure. I am unfazed and undocumented. I’m not going anywhere.’’ He is not leaving. Gladys Klamka, Phillispburg, New Jersey. ‘‘Patience and heartache is how I would describe my past. I was 2 when my family made the most important decision for us. Moving to the U.S. meant a second chance for me. If we had stayed in Mexico, my folks would have made a decision to give me up for adoption. We settled in NJ for eco-nomic relief. ‘‘Unfortunately, at the age of 4, my innocence was stolen from me. I was sexually molested by a 16-year-old boy, but my parents didn’t report it, they didn’t understand the law, for fear of deportation. Both of my parents worked full time to keep a roof over our heads. I wasn’t able to go off to col-lege financially or drive or travel. I got used to doors slamming in my face,’’ Gladys writes. ‘‘I was about 14 when my parents ex-plained to me about our status. Con-fused about my future, I decided to push harder. I finished school, worked full time, and contributed back to the community. ‘‘I received a taxpayer ID issued by the IRS in 1997. I always thought it was funny that the government will take our money but not let us work legally in this country. ‘‘I applied for DACA in 2012. I still re-member the day I opened my approval letter. My father said: ‘Now I don’t have to worry about you.’ ‘‘I now own my own home, car, and I work in the healthcare system. After election day, I wondered if this dream would soon end. It’s been a hard reality check that privileges could be taken away. I only hope for other young DREAMers and undocumented children like myself to make the leap to push that shut door open, to know a dream of wanting more is not impossible.’’ This is one of the DREAMers I met at the State of the Union. Perhaps you re-member, America is her name. She was the guest of D
AVID PRICE from North Carolina, and she spoke at our press event with the DREAMers. America immigrated to the U.S. when she was 2 years old and has lived in Raleigh, North Carolina, for 22 years. Thanks to DACA, she was able to earn bachelor’s and master’s de-grees. She now teaches English as a second language at Sanderson High School in Raleigh. She was just so lovely. We thank D
AVID PRICE for in-troducing her to us. Another guest at that same press conference, as some of you may recall, was the guest of Senator K
AMALA HAR-
RIS. Denea Joseph is her name. Denea is a DACA recipient who came to America from Belize when she was 7 years old without her mother, father, or siblings. She attended the Univer-sity of California, Los Angeles, where she advocated for the creation of an immigration attorney position and worked to increase financial aid for un-documented youth across the UC sys-tem. I wish you could have heard her personally tell her story with such in-tellect and such passion. b1215 She goes on here to say: As a Young People For fellow, Denea addressed un-documented youths’ educational access and retention. Her story was featured in the LA Magazine’s historic immigra-tion issue, and is currently on display as part of the Undocumented Stories Exhibit at downtown UCLA Labor Cen-ter. She is a communications coordi-nator for UndocuBlack Network— UndocuBlack is a resource to us. Many of the DREAMers are Black—where she advocates for the representation of UndocuBlack immigrants within the mainstream immigrant narrative. She aspires to be a human rights attorney, advocating for the rights of the most marginalized around the globe. I mentioned here that her story is featured in LA Magazine’s historic im-migration issue and is on display at the downtown UCLA Labor Center, and now it will be part of the C
ONGRES -
SIONAL RECORD . Miriam Ochoa-Garibay said: ‘‘I’m 18 years old and I’m a DACA student cur-rently enrolled at the University of California, Riverside. I came here from a Mexican background. I was born in the Mexican state of Michoacan, but I’ve been living in the United States since I was 2. I went to preschool, kinder, elementary, intermediate school, and high school in the State of California. I always loved school. I re-member being a little girl and getting home from school, and the first thing I did was start my homework. I remem-ber that, as early as elementary school, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.037 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H927 February 7, 2018 
there was this test called GATE. It was supposed to be the smart kids’ test, and every year I passed it. I remember being an honors student. My parents were very persistent on me getting good grades because that meant a bet-ter future. It wasn’t until I was in high school where I realized that maybe it was going to take more than just good grades to go to college. I became really aware that I was undocumented. I be-came fearful that I was not going to have a ‘better future’ because I was un-documented. I knew that, financially, my parents weren’t going to be able to pay for college. So when DACA came into place, it was a huge relief. There was finally a program that accepted me, an undocumented student. DACA means everything to me. Not only do I have financial aid for my college tui-tion, but I was granted the opportunity to work legally’’—to work legally. How lovely—‘‘to find a job and be able to make money for my needs. DACA be-came a reassuring force to many stu-dents like myself, whose only desire is to be given an education in order to be-come a successful factor of this soci-ety. I am proud to be Mexican, but I’m also proud to be part of America’s great educational system. DACA has given me the opportunity to dream of my own white picket fence one day.’’ This is interesting to me because, as an Italian American myself, I always reference, which is so obvious when people are proud of their heritage, es-pecially newer immigrants, to see the pride that they take in their heritage and the fierce patriotism they have for America. That was what we saw in our community when I was growing up: fiercely patriotic Americans, while very proud of their heritage. And that is who people are. That is their authen-tic self: patriotic Americans proud of their heritage. We want to make this, as was said in this, to be legal. Ana Sanchez is from Elgin, Texas. I don’t know if they say Elgin in Texas. Ana says: ‘‘Like any other beneficiary of DACA, I, for once, have been given the opportunity to pursue my dreams by attaining higher education and a job. I am Ana Sanchez, an 18-year-old undocumented student who was brought to this country when I was only 2 years old. Due to living condi-tions in my home country, my parents decided to immigrate to the United States to offer me and my sister a much better education and a better fu-ture. Growing up, I was aware that I had been born in Mexico, however, I did not know the effects of being undocu-mented until high school came about. Now that I am older, I realize who I am in the eyes of the government, and it saddens me to know that people believe these misconceptions of us. I mean, ever since we arrived to Texas, my dad has risked his health and life by work-ing under dangerous conditions just to earn enough money to provide food and shelter for my family. When it was an-nounced that DACA would be available for people like me, my family did not think twice. We all knew it was an ad-vantage and a precious opportunity the country had given us. Finally, we were given the chance to prove that we are part of this country’s future and suc-cess. ‘‘Because of DACA, I am able to say that I am a part-time student and part- time staff for an afterschool program. I am two steps closer to becoming a businesswoman and a teacher, and that gives me hope. Sadly, however, the new administration has posed threats that will make my hope and my dreams unreachable. If the permit is taken away, our hard work will become worthless. I want to give back to this country, so I yearn Congress to give me that chance.’’ Many of the stories that I have been reading so far have been, but not all, about people in our own hemisphere. But it is important to note that many undocumenteds are from the Asian-Pa-cific region. Many are from Africa or from the Caribbean. That is our hemi-sphere, but not in terms of Latin America, but in terms of the Carib-bean. So some are even from other places that are not necessarily eth-nically diverse. Here is one story about Ha Eun Lee. Today I want to tell you about Ha Eun Lee. When Ha Eun was 6 years old, her family came to the United States from South Korea. She grew up in Bloom-field Hills, Michigan. Here is what Ha Eun says about her childhood in the United States of America: ‘‘I was fortu-nate enough to grow up learning that diversity is encouraged and differences are not just tolerated but welcomed.’’ Ha Eun was a good student and com-mitted to public service. In high school, she was a member of the Na-tional Honor Society, received the Principal’s Academic Achievement Award, and was an Oakland Activities Association Scholar Athlete. She was a member of the track and field team for all 4 years of high school. Ha Eun is now a senior at the Univer-sity of Michigan, majoring in English. She volunteers with the Red Cross and is the co-president of an organization called The Supply. The Supply raises money to help students in Nairobi, Kenya, to attain an education. She is from South Korea, an all- American girl, now a co-president of an organization that raises money to help students in Nairobi, Kenya, to attain an education. As co-president, Ha Eun has ex-panded the organization’s efforts to in-clude volunteering locally with Detroit charities. Ha Eun was also a policy and pro-grams intern for the Asian Americans Advancing Justice Center. As Ha Eun completes her last year of college, she dreams of becoming a lawyer to defend civil rights. Ha Eun wrote me a letter, and she said: ‘‘Although I’m legally labeled as an ‘alien’ in this country I call home, I believe I am American. And I believe this not solely because I live, study, work, and contribute in this country, but because I believe in the core values all Americans shares as a nation: lib-erty, justice, and prosperity.’’ Ha Eun and other DREAMers have so much to contribute to our country. But without DACA or the Dream Act, they will be deported back to countries where they haven’t lived in since they were children. Will America be a stronger country if we deport people like Ha Eun? The answer is clear. That is a ques-tion that has arisen throughout. We asked it earlier. Will America be a stronger country if we deport—fill in the blank with the name? But I love what Ha Eun has said: ‘‘And I believe this not solely because I live, study, work, and contribute in this country, but because I believe in the core values all Americans share as a nation: liberty, justice, and pros-perity.’’ Tomas Evangelista is a DACA recipi-ent from Auburn, California. At the age of 2, he came to the United States from Mexico with his mother in search of a better life. Unfortunately, after a year of being together in the United States, his mother passed away from cancer. Can you imagine? His grandparents took him in and he grew up in northern California, where he ran cross country and track at Pacer High School. These all-American kids, it is just a beautiful story. Following his high school career, Tomas received an associate of arts in social science, and, in 2014, he com-pleted his bachelor’s of arts degree. Today, he works for the nonprofit orga-nization Latino Leadership Council. He also intends to attend Lincoln Law School in Sacramento, California, in spring of 2018. Tomas cofounded California Dream-ers with fellow DACA recipient Doris Romero. They seek to change the nega-tive narratives surrounding immigra-tion with facts. They want to change the narrative with facts, the truth, through sharing personal stories. The ultimate goal is to encourage immigra-tion reform and to establish a pathway to citizenship. Vanessa Rodriguez story: ‘‘My name is Vanessa Rodriguez, and they all call me Undocumented Dreamer. Undocu-mented because I was born south of the United States border, and Dreamer be-cause that was the inherent last name that my parents gave me when they risked their souls to give me a better future.’’ They called her Dreamer—called her Dreamer as her last name. Vanessa continues to say: ‘‘I have lived in Texas for 12 years, and for 12 years I have known no other home. My father works in construction and my mother works as a housemaid. Their hard work and humble occupations have given my family a chance to do more and dream higher; a chance that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.039 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH928 February 7, 2018 
made me the salutatorian of my class and a recipient of the State of Texas Student Hero Award. However, their work only granted me a chance to dream, not a chance to accomplish. Only the government could grant me that. So, for years, I lived under the notion of fear and uncertainty. DREAMers like me kept their dreams and secured them in a box called ‘limi-tations.’ It was until the arrival of DACA that things changed for us. DACA enabled us to pursue and achieve more. For me, it meant an opportunity at pursuing hiring education, obtaining a job, and acquiring something called temporary security. One year of this security from deportation was what made the beginning of my dream a suc-cess. I was free from fear of deportation that enabled me to gain competence in my abilities.’’ People sharing their stories in such a clear way, and, in many cases, a very well-written way. Vanessa continues to say: ‘‘A few weeks ago I finished my first semester at the University of Texas at Austin’’— which is a very hard school to get into, by the way—‘‘and although I was a full- time student with two part-time jobs, I still managed to obtain an outstanding GPA. DACA has made all these accom-plishments possible and it has been the difference between simply existing and living a dream. ‘‘As the time approaches for the new administration to come in, the fear is starting to become more evident. The uncertainty and anxiety is real. ‘‘My question to Congress is: When will you unchain my dreams? When my only hope is taken away alongside DACA? Or will you fight to protect stu-dents like me from deportation?’’ It is not even a fight. It is a simple decision. It is a simple decision. It has been made easy by separating it from the more complicated and controver-sial aspects of comprehensive immigra-tion reform, which we must address. It is about the children. It is about the children. Alonso R. Reyna Rivarola’s story goes like this. ‘‘I will always remember the day DACA was announced. It was June 15, 2012, and I was camping for a retreat with students, friends, and col-leagues from the Mestizo Arts & Activ-ism Collective, a youth participatory action research collective in Salt Lake City, Utah. At approximately 10 a.m., the group took a break from the agen-da, which I used to go back to the tent to check on my phone. When I turned my phone back on, I was taken aback by the number of text messages, missed calls, and voicemails I was receiving. Buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz. ‘‘‘The Dream Act has passed!’ shout-ed a close friend of mine, a fellow DREAMer, in a voicemail. I was ex-cited, yet confused by her words, know-ing at the time no Dream Act bill was being debated in the U.S. Congress or Senate. However, as confused as I was, I was too adrenalized at the possibility that a quiet Dream Act boxcar bill had made its way into becoming a law. ‘‘After returning her call, we shared our feelings of excitement and confu-sion regarding the matter at hand. Then she informed me President Barack Obama would be making an an-nouncement at any moment. As soon as I hung up, I read through a few more text messages, called my mom, and ran outside the tent to inform the MAA family about the news.’’ Can you just imagine the excite-ment? They were out camping. Alonso continues to say: ‘‘Within a few minutes, all MAA participants crammed ourselves into two cars in Little Cottonwood Canyon, where we tuned into the radio eager to listen to President Obama announce the pro-gram which we all have come to know as consideration of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, DACA.’’ b1230 ‘‘My story is one of hundreds of thou-sands of DACA stories across the United States. We all have different backgrounds, first and last names, in-terests, journeys, and goals; however, we all have at least one thing in com-mon: we are all American DREAMers. Since DACA, I have earned an honors B.S. in sociology and M.Ed. in edu-cational leadership and policy from the University of Utah. I am an active community member and have most re-cently been honored to serve as the Dream Program Coordinator at the University of Utah, where I seek to support undocumented students, with and without DACA, to access, persist, and achieve a higher education in the country we all call home.’’ The way they write these stories and the excitement and the anxiety that they convey is really something that the printed word may not convey. But I hope at least the R
ECORD will show the cumulative effect of all of these stories. I wish you could see them. A person who has seen more of them than anyone honors us with his pres-ence in the Chamber. We all get emo-tional on this subject, but no one has put more brainpower and passion into this subject than the distinguished Senator from Illinois. He has served in this body for a long time, so we know of his leadership and his values. But for all the years he has served in public life before Congress and since, and in the House and now as a leader in the Senate, the DREAMers have been a priority for half of his service in public life. He first introduced the DREAM Act in 2001 into the Senate. It was intro-duced over on our side by L
UCILLE ROY-
BAL-ALLARD around the same time. She is the mother, the godmother of the DREAM Act that has been advanced. In 2010, we were able to pass the DREAM Act in the House under the leadership of Mr. D
URBIN , Senator D UR-
BIN. It received a majority of the votes in the United States Senate but did not reach the 60 threshold, and so the dis-cussion goes on. As you know, shortly thereafter, a couple of years later, President Obama issued the DACA ex-ecutive order. None of this success would have been possible without the leadership, per-sistence, optimism, and the courage of Senator DURBIN . He has heard all of these stories, so many of these stories firsthand for nearly two decades. I con-gratulate him. And as I have said earlier, our call today is for our Speaker to give the same opportunity to House Members to vote on a DREAMers bill, just as they were able to achieve in the Senate. Senator M
CCONNELL , the Senate lead-er, has been working with a bipartisan group of which he has always been a part—it has always been about biparti-sanship—pledged to bring to the Senate floor a vehicle that the Senate will act upon, no guarantees. The Senate will work its will. What dignity that brings to the United States Senate, what com-mitment to the purpose of America that is there. We feel like second-class Members of Congress over here when it is not with-in our realm to discuss something that is being discussed across the country, in the Senate of the United States, at the White House. But here, we can’t have the opportunity to officially dis-cuss legislation that is on the floor. That is why I am taking this time, my congressional leadership 1-minute, to read into the R
ECORD these inspiring stories. Again, it brings tears to my eyes. Excuse me for being emotional about it, but when I think of the con-tribution that Senator D
URBIN has made to this, the stories he has heard, the stories he has told—I have seen him receive with great respect and honor across the country getting so many awards from people who see him as a person who understands their anx-iety and concern but, as important as that, their possibilities and their con-tribution to America. That is why, as I said earlier, Sen-ator D
URBIN should think of this as the CHIP versus healthcare; as the chair of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, Congresswoman M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM, has described in front of the Rules Committee, think of this as CHIP versus healthcare, children versus com-prehensive immigration reform. This is one clear opportunity where we can come together not as a sub-stitute for comprehensive, but as a step, confidence building, trust build-ing, in a bipartisan way, with trans-parency and in a unifying way for our country. So I thank the gentleman, Senator D
URBIN . Because of the leader minute, I am not able to yield; otherwise, I would have nearly 200 people seeking recogni-tion on the floor to tell the stories of their DREAMers. I have told some of them, but our colleagues are so com-mitted and unified on this subject, and their constituents are. But even if a colleague on the other side of the aisle would say, ‘‘Will the gentlewoman yield?’’ the rules do not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.040 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H929 February 7, 2018 
allow me to yield, so I am keeping the time. As said earlier before the gentleman came, I thought about saying the Ro-sary on the floor to pray for our leader-ship to act with a heart full of love, both here and at the White House, on this subject. I said not just 5 decades, all 15 decades, including the Glorious Mysteries. They were the sad ones in the middle: the Agony in the Garden, the Crowning with Thorns, Scourging at the Pillar, the Crucifixion. Then it takes us to the Glorious Mysteries. But all of it is prayerful. I believe in pray-er. And so many of our, as I call it, Bible constituency—not the National Catho-lic Conference of Bishops but the evan-gelical community—has been so spec-tacular in supporting immigrants to our country and, especially in this case, of DACA. This is the statement of the United States Catholic Conference of Bishops: ‘‘The president and vice president, along with the chairman of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops’’—in this case, meaning the president of the organization—‘‘along with the chair-man of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops have issued a statement de-nouncing the administration’s termi-nation of the Deferred Action for Child-hood Arrivals program after 6 months. ‘‘The following statement from the USCCB’’—that is, the United States Catholic Conference of Bishops— ‘‘President Cardinal Daniel N. DiNardo of Galveston-Houston, along with USCCB Vice President Archbishop Jose H. Gomez of Los Angeles; Bishop Joe S. Vasquez of Austin, chairman, Com-mittee on Migration; and Bishop Jo-seph J. Tyson of Yakima, chairman of the Subcommittee on Pastoral Care, Migrants, Refugees, and Travelers says the ‘cancellation of the DACA program is reprehensible.’ ‘‘Over 780,000 youth received protec-tion from the DACA program since its inception by the Department of Home-land Security in 2012. DACA provided no legal status or government benefits but did provide recipients with tem-porary employment authorization to work in the United States and a re-prieve from deportation.’’ A quote by the Bishops: ‘‘‘The can-cellation of the DACA program is rep-rehensible. It causes unnecessary fear for DACA youth and their families. These youth entered the United States as minors and often know America as their only home. The Catholic Church has long watched with pride and admi-ration as DACA youth live out their daily lives with hope and a determina-tion to flourish and contribute to soci-ety: continuing to work and provide for their families, continuing to serve in the military, and continuing to receive an education. Now, after months of anxiety and fear about their futures, these brave young people face deporta-tion. This decision is unacceptable and does not reflect who we are as Ameri-cans.’’’ The bishops go on to say: ‘‘‘The Church has recognized and proclaimed the need to welcome young people: ‘‘Whoever welcomes one of these chil-dren in my name welcomes me; and whoever welcomes me does not wel-come me but the One who sent me’’— Mark 9:37.’’’ That is so beautiful because what they are saying is, when you reject these newcomers, you are rejecting who sent them, and who sent them but our Lord. Today, our Nation has done the oppo-site of how Scripture calls us to re-spond. It has stepped back from the progress that we need to make as a country. ‘‘Today’s actions represent a heart-breaking moment in our history that shows the absence of mercy and good-will and a shortsighted vision of the fu-ture. DACA youth are woven into the fabric of our society and our Church, and are, by every social and human measure, American youth. ‘‘We strongly urge Congress to act and immediately resume work toward a legislative solution. We pledge our support to work on finding an expedi-tious means of protection for DACA youth.’’ The bishops go on to say: ‘‘As people of faith, we say to DACA youth, regard-less of your immigration status, you are children of God and welcome in the Catholic Church. The Catholic Church supports you and will advocate for you.’’ That is such a beautiful statement. As I noted earlier, tomorrow is the National Prayer Breakfast, and many people who will be gathered there are among those who have been so sup-portive of our DREAMers. We thank them for their leadership and their courage. I mentioned some earlier. I don’t know if these people will be there tomorrow, but certainly members of their church. As I mentioned, Dr. Sam Rodriguez, Reverend Sam Rodriguez has spoken out as a leader in the evan-gelical community. So, hopefully, tomorrow, as they pray and come together, they will be speaking about what we see from the pulpit, from the bishops, from the evangelical community. If you believe that we are all God’s creation, as I do, as people of faith do—and I do believe faith is a gift that everyone doesn’t have. So you may not have that same per-spective, but if you do believe—and I believe that everyone gathered there tomorrow will believe—and many peo-ple across our country subscribe to ‘‘In God We Trust,’’ then you must sub-scribe to what the Bible tells us. To minister to the needs of God’s creation is an act of worship; to ignore those needs is to dishonor the God who made us, dishonor the God who made us, re-flected in the Gospel of Matthew that I referenced earlier. So when we are thinking about this subject, we also have to recognize the diversity in our DREAMer population. In 2002, Luke was 11 years old. His family brought him to the United States from South Korea. The Senator has left us, but Senator D
URBIN inspires us. He is such a great leader on this subject because it is from the heart and the right thing to do, but with great intellect, to have a vision and a dream, but an intellect with a plan to get the job done. There is a clear path. It exists in the Senate. We don’t know why that door is shut to us in the House. We call upon the Speaker to open the same door in the House, through discussion, that is in the Senate. I want to commend, once again, Sen-ator D
URBIN for his extraordinary lead-ership. DREAMers know him. In 2002, when Luke was 11 years old, his family brought him to New York State from South Korea. Luke grew up in Palisades Park, New Jersey. Here is what Luke said about growing up in Palisades Park: ‘‘It didn’t take long for me to adjust and assimilate because my elementary school offered bilingual classes in Ko-rean and English. This is the kind of America I have known and experi-enced—not just mundanely accepting diversity, but going above and beyond to serve the unique needs of a diverse community.’’ From an early age, Luke had a pas-sion for science. He was accepted into a math and sciences magnet high school called Bergen County Academies, which was ranked by Newsweek as one of the top five public high schools in the country. At Bergen County Acad-emies, Luke won several awards at re-gional science fairs. He also volun-teered as an emergency medical techni-cian in the local ambulance corps. In 2013, Luke graduated—are you ready?—summa cum laude with a bach-elor’s of science in chemistry and re-ceived an award for the highest grade point average of any chemistry major. b1245 This brilliant young man is currently a Ph.D. graduate in chemistry at the University of Chicago. He also works as a researcher at the university. In his spare time—in his spare time, how does he have spare time—but in his spare time, he also works as a researcher. He volunteers for the Chicago Korean American Resource and Cultural Cen-ter, an organization that provides serv-ices to disadvantaged members of the community. Good for you, Luke. Consider this: without legal status, Luke’s talents would have been squan-dered. But now, thanks to DACA, when we had DACA, Luke was on the road toward making his childhood passion into a promising career as a scientist. Luke has written: ‘‘DACA did much more than shielding me from deporta-tion and changing my immediate cir-cumstances; it gave me a new faith and brought out a new me to reject fear and continue worthwhile pursuits. DACA has been tremendously empow-ering. Wherever I find myself in the fu-ture, I hope to mentor, encourage, and ultimately empower others.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.042 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH930 February 7, 2018 
Luke and other DREAMers have so much to contribute to our country. Do we need more talented scientists like Luke Hwang in America? Of course we do. Will America be stronger if we deport Luke Hwang or if he stays here to contribute his talents to America’s future? The answer should be obvious. I thank Luke. Her parents brought her to the United States from the Philippines when she was 5 years old. Mithi grew up in California. She was an excellent student who dreamed of becoming a doctor. In high school, Mithi was on the principal’s honor roll and was an AP scholar. She received the Golden State Seal Merit Diploma and is a Gov-ernor’s Scholar Award recipient. Mithi was admitted to the University of Cali-fornia, Los Angeles, one of the Nation’s top universities. Congresswoman W
ATERS would attest to that. UCLA is one of the Nation’s top universities. We all are proud of the UC system. At UCLA, Mithi volunteers as a re-search assistant in lab studies of in-fants at high risk of developing autism. That was her field. She also volunteers as a crisis counselor for UCLA Peer Helpline advising students who are vic-tims of rape, child abuse, and sub-stance abuse. Mithi eventually became a trainer for new counselors. Mithi also volunteers as a mentor and tutor for at-risk middle school children in Los Angeles. She graduated from UCLA with a degree in psy-chology. But her options were limited, Mr. Speaker, because of her immigra-tion status. She was unable to pursue her dream of becoming a doctor. Then, in 2012, President Obama estab-lished the DACA program, and Mithi’s world changed. Mithi began working as a research assistant at the UCLA School of Medicine, and she applied to attend medical school. During her spare time, Mithi con-tinues to volunteer with the Autism Research Lab where she started her re-search career 7 years ago. She also serves as a peer mentor to 10 under-graduate students at UCLA. Mithi wrote to Congress these words: ‘‘Please, please listen to our stories. This is my home, and the only country I know. DACA gives us greater oppor-tunities to give back to the country we love.’’ Listen to that sentence again, Mr. Speaker. Mithi wrote: ‘‘DACA gives us greater opportunities to give back to the country we love.’’ That is what the DREAMers are about. Their dream is to give back to America. They have benefited from our country. They want to give back; and the courage, optimism, and fortitude that they have is really a blessing. Mithi and other DREAMers like her have so much to contribute. Will Amer-ica be stronger if we deport Mithi and others like her? Will we be a better country if we tear apart American fam-ilies? Of course not. This is going to be a hard name for me to pronounce. It is Jirayut New Latthivongskorn. His parents brought Jirayut to the United States from Thailand when he was 9 years old. New—we will call him New. New grew up in San Francisco. New said: ‘‘I forced myself to read mystery novels, dictionary in hand, in order to expand my vocabulary, one word at a time. I mispronounced words, even in the face of ridicule, until I mastered the English language.’’ New became an excellent student and dreamed about becoming a doctor. Throughout high school, New worked 30 hours a week at his family’s Thai restaurant. Here is what he said about the experience: ‘‘I spent most of my time at the restaurant working as a waiter, cashier, and chef, scrubbing toi-lets, washing dishes, and mopping floors. It taught me to have faith, work hard, and persevere.’’ New’s hard work paid off. He grad-uated as a salutatorian of his high school class with a 4.3 grade point aver-age. New was admitted to the Univer-sity of California, Berkeley, one of the top schools in California—in the Na-tion. He won a scholarship that would have covered most of his tuition, but he was unable to accept it because of his immigration status. Despite the setback, New persevered. In May, 2012, he graduated with honors with a 3.7 grade point average with a major in molecular and cellular biol-ogy. Just 1 month after he graduated, President Obama established the DACA program. As a result of DACA, New was able to pursue his dream of becoming a doctor. That fall, New began medical school at the University of California, San Francisco, a very difficult school to get into. During his spare time, he volunteers at the homeless clinic that is run by the students of the University of California, San Francisco. In his spare time. New has cofounded Pre-Health Dreamers, a national network of more than 400 DREAMers who are pursuing careers in healthcare. New and other DREAMers like him have so much to contribute to our country. Will Amer-ica be a stronger country if we deport New and others like him? Will we be a better country if we tear apart Amer-ican families? Of course not. We all agree on that. Aaima Sayed was brought to the United States from Pakistan when she was only 3 years old. She grew up in Chicago like a typical American kid. Aaima says: ‘‘I have no memories but those of living in the United States. I am an American in every way, except on paper.’’ Aaima was an outstanding student. She graduated in the top 10 percent of her high school class where she was secretary of the Spanish club—mind you, she is from Pakistan. She was sec-retary of the Spanish club, secretary of the math team, and a member of the National Honor Society of High School Scholars. Aaima’s dream was to be-come a physician. Here is how she explains it: ‘‘It com-pletely breaks my heart to see thou-sands of children die of treatable dis-eases due to inadequate basic healthcare facilities, and I want to have the skills and ability to change that.’’ In January 2012, Aaima graduated from Rutgers University magna cum laude, Mr. Speaker, with a major in psychology. She was on the dean’s list six times and has a grade point average of 3.75 out of 4. She was a research as-sistant at Rutgers Department of Psy-chology and an intern with the local cardiology practice. Aaima took the medical college admission test, the MCAT, and scored in the 90th per-centile—better than 90 percent of those who took the test. Shortly after she graduated, Presi-dent Obama announced the DACA pro-gram. Because of DACA, Aaima is now a medical student at Loyola University pursuing her dream of becoming a phy-sician. After she graduates, she will work in a medically underserved area of Illinois. Here is what Aaima said about the DACA impact on her: ‘‘I went from feeling hopeless and full of uncertainty regarding my future to feeling con-fident and optimistic that I will one day get the opportunity to help my community and people in other pov-erty-stricken areas.’’ But if the House Republicans have their way, Aaima won’t be able to at-tend medical school and become a doc-tor. Instead, she will be deported back to Pakistan, a country she hasn’t lived in since she was a toddler. I wouldn’t attribute it to the Repub-licans. I think that plenty of Repub-licans are on board to help our DREAMers. That is what I am hopeful about, just that we need to be given the chance to have a respectful vote on all sides of the issue which we have bi-partisan Democrats’ strong support, but strong Republican support as well. Give us a vote, Mr. Speaker. Give us a chance. Treat this House with the dignity it deserves so that we can rep-resent the people and the wishes of our country. Will America be stronger if we deport Aaima? Of course not. Today, I want to tell you about our Al Okere. Al was born in Nigeria. In 1990, Al’s father was killed by the Nige-rian police after he wrote a newspaper column criticizing the Nigerian Gov-ernment. The killing of Al’s father was documented in the State Department’s annual Human Rights Reports. In 1995, Al’s mother fled Nigeria and brought him to the United States. He was only 5 years old at the time. Al’s mother applied for asylum, but her application was denied, and she was deported in 2005, when Al was 15. Now, mind you, her husband had been assas-sinated for articles that he had written criticizing the Nigerian Government, a well-founded fear of persecution or danger in Nigeria, yet her application was denied in 2005. Al was 15. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.044 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H931 February 7, 2018 
Al graduated from Rogers High School near Tacoma, Washington. He attended Central Washington Univer-sity where he was an honors student with a 3.5 grade point average. He was an active volunteer in his community. Here is what Al said about his goals for the future, and I quote Al very proudly: ‘‘I have been in accelerated academic programs most of my edu-cational life and hope to be a medical doctor some day to contribute to the well-being of my fellow humans. I hope to continue to emulate and walk in the great academic shoes of my late father, who earned a Ph.D. degree from a uni-versity in Paris, France. My family and community support has been enor-mous, and it gives me the zeal to work hard in my studies, to be able to lend a hand to others in need, and to realize a bright future!’’ Al grew up in this country. We have already invested in Al, who has re-ceived his entire education from kin-dergarten to college in the United States. He has great potential to con-tribute to our society. He does not re-member anything about Nigeria and cannot speak any of Nigeria’s native languages. Here is what Al said about the possi-bility of being deported: ‘‘I do not re-member anything about my mother’s country of Nigeria. I cannot even speak the language. Every experience I have had in life that I can remember have been in the United States of America. Everyone I know and care about are all here, except for my mother, who was sadly removed and remains in hiding in fear of her life.’’ Would America be stronger if Al Okere were deported? Of course not. Al is not an isolated example. There are literally thousands of others, hundreds of thousands of others like him around the country. I thank Al for being so generous in sharing his story. I want to tell you about Novi Roy. Novi Roy grew up in the State of Illi-nois. Novi was brought to the United States from India as a child. He at-tended Evanston Township High School. This is a story that Senator D
URBIN provided. He attended Evanston Township High School where he graduated with a 3.9 grade point average. During high school, Novi began volunteering at a soup kitchen in Rogers Park in Chi-cago, which he continues to do today. Novi went to the University of Illi-nois at Urbana-Champaign where he graduated with a bachelor’s degree in economics. Novi graduated from the University of Illinois with two master’s degrees, one in business and one in human resources. Novi’s dream is to be able to provide affordable healthcare to the less fortunate. Here is what he said in the letter he wrote to D
ICKDURBIN : ‘‘I love America for all its opportunities, and, like any other aspiring student, I want a chance to realize the American Dream. I owe the State of Illinois, its taxpayers, and America a huge debt of gratitude for the level of education I have attained thus far. I’m confident that my edu-cation will serve me well enough to make a difference in people’s lives. There is nothing I would like more than to give back to the community that has been so good to me.’’ Novi grew up in this country. We have already invested in Novi, and he has obtained a first-class education in Illinois. He has great potential to con-tribute to our society. Will America be a stronger nation if Novi is deported? Of course not. He has overcome the odds to achieve great success. He would make America a strong country. Again, Novi’s story comes to us when he came from India as a child. There is a large number of Asian-Pacific Amer-ican Dreamers. Yaniv Steltzer was brought to the United States by his parents from Israel when he was just 3 years old, a DREAMer from Israel. He grew up in this country like any other American child. In 2010, he graduated from Rich-ard Stockton College in New Jersey with a bachelor’s degree in hospitality and tourism management. b1300 In college, he was the chair of the Jewish Student Union/Hillel Club and was an active volunteer with several other student groups. Yaniv’s dream is to open a res-taurant. He wrote a letter, which said: I fell in love with cooking in high school when I took a home-economics class, and I knew this is what I wanted to do for the rest of my life. I would love to give back to America by opening my own restaurant, cre-ating jobs, contributing to the economy, and becoming a citizen in the country I love. 
Unfortunately, under our immigra-tion laws, Yaniv cannot become a cit-izen. His father was born in the United States. But Yaniv was born in Israel, so he is not an American citizen. Yaniv’s father applied for Yaniv to become a citizen, but because the process took so long, Yaniv is no longer eligible. Under our immigration laws, once Yaniv turned 21, his father could not petition for Yaniv to become a citizen. So, Yaniv, who has lived his whole life in this country since he was 3, since his father is an American citizen, he is an undocumented immigrant. The only solution for him is the Dream Act. Here is what Yaniv said about his sit-uation: 
America is the only country I know. I grew up here, all my family and friends are here, and everything I know is America. The Dream Act is important to me and also to many others like me who are in the same sit-uation. We have the resources to help this country greatly, but don’t have that piece of paper that allows us to do this. I have high hope and optimism that Congress will do the right and humane thing, put all political issues aside, and pass the Dream Act. 
Yaniv is right. I ask my colleagues: Would America be better off if we deported Yaniv? The answer is very obvious. Eighteen years go, in 1992, Minhaz Khan’s parents brought him to the United States from Bangladesh. Minhaz was only 4 years old at the time, and has overcome great obstacles to complete his education. In 2009, he graduated from the University of Cali-fornia, Riverside with a bachelor’s de-gree in neuroscience. Here is what he said about his dreams for the future: ‘‘My dream is to make several con-tributions to science, and become a physician’s assistant as a career, and eventually a teacher as well. I have great aspirations, but I do not dream of big houses or tons of cars. I want nor-mality, stability, and liberty.’’ Today, Minhaz lives in Palo Alto, California, with his wife, who is an American citizen. Minhaz spoke about what it would mean for him if the Dream Act were to become law. Here is what he said: ‘‘Imagine the countless numbers of individuals ready to contribute to our society as law-abiding, successful indi-viduals who live life with a sense of strength and morality. Abraham Lin-coln once said, ‘I have always found that mercy bears richer fruits than strict justice,’ and this is more true now than ever. I have a great amount of hope, optimism, and belief in this country and that one day we will see the Dream Act enacted into law.’’ This is his statement, Minhaz Khan, from Bangladesh. Another child brought here from India, as was an earlier DREAMer, Mandeep Chahal. Mandeep was brought to the United States from India 14 years ago, when she was only 6 years old. A beautiful little child. Mandeep has been an academic all- star. She was an honors pre-med stu-dent at the University of California, Davis, where she majored in neurology, physiology, and behavior. Mandeep is also dedicated to public service. In high school, she helped to found One Dollar for Life, a national poverty relief organization. She was voted the member of her class ‘‘Most likely to Save the World. Imagine, most likely to save the world. At her college, Mandeep is the co-president of STAND, an anti-genocide group. Mandeep has so much to offer to our country. She wrote: ‘‘I . . . consider the United States my only home. My family, friends, and future are in the United States, which is where I belong. My dream is to become a pediatrician so I can treat the most helpless and in-nocent among us. I hope to serve fami-lies in low-income communities who otherwise are unable to afford medical care. I wish to remain in the United States so that I can continue to make a positive difference and give back to the community that has given me so much.’’ How beautiful. You see the recurring theme of the DREAMers: wanting to give back to America, appreciative of the opportunities they have received here—the mentoring, the friendship, the love; wanting to give back. Dominique Nkata and Tapiwa Nkata. There are two. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.045 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH932 February 7, 2018 
Tapiwa’s and Dominique’s parents, John and Joan Nkata, brought their family to the United States from the African county of Malawi in 1990. At the time, Tapiwa was 4 and Dominique was only 11 months old. The Nkatas came here legally. They had work permits. John, an ordained Christian minister, worked as a hospice counselor. Joan, his wife—their moth-er—worked as an accountant. The Nkatas filed papers to stay here permanently. For years, their case was stuck in immigration court. Finally, in 2009, John and Joan Nkata were grant-ed legal permanent residence. But by that time, Tapiwa and Dominique were adults and unable to obtain legal sta-tus through their parents. That hap-pens at 21. Here is what Dominique said about being deported to Malawi: ‘‘The loom-ing fear of having everything I know, including part of my family, here in the United States, while I am removed to the other side of the world, is crip-pling.’’ Tapiwa said: ‘‘I can’t imagine my life in Africa. I am an American. I know this culture and speak this language. I pledge allegiance to this flag.’’ It would be wrong to send these women back to Malawi, a country they don’t even remember. Remember, one of them was 11 months old when she came. In 2007, Tapiwa graduated summa cum laude from the University of Cin-cinnati with a degree in finance. She then worked at an accounting firm. She dreams of becoming a certified public accountant. Tapiwa explained what America means to her: ‘‘Quite simply, when you say ‘The American Dream’ all around the world, they know what you are talking about. People who have never been to our shores, eaten our food, or even spoken our language have heard of a prosperous nation that, above all else, grants freedom and rights to all people.’’ Dominique graduated from the Uni-versity of Cincinnati with a degree in chemistry and pre-medicine. Remem-ber, her sister graduated summa cum laude with a degree in finance. Dominique graduated with a degree in chemistry and pre-medicine and began working at University Hospital and the Jewish Hospital in the research depart-ment as a clinical studies assistant. Dominique planned to apply to med-ical school. She said: ‘‘I dream of being a doctor and of giving back to a coun-try that has given so much to me.’’ Would America be better off if we de-ported Tapiwa and Dominique back to Malawi? Of course not. The Dream Act gives them a chance. Let me introduce you to another DREAMer, Monji Dolon. Monji’s parents brought him to the United States from Bangladesh in 1991. He was 5 years old. As he grew up in his new home, he immersed himself in the study of computers and technology. Monji wrote: ‘‘For as long as I can re-member, I have had an intense passion for technology. In middle school, that passion led to spending many nights constructing remote-controlled model airplanes and Van de Graaff genera-tors. In high school, I fell in love with computers and the internet, spending my senior year creating an online newspaper for my school.’’ Monji did not know about his immi-gration status until he was applying for college. He asked his parents what to say about his status on his college applications. That is when Monji learned that he was undocumented. In 2008, Monji graduated from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, an outstanding school. Very soon, Monji began to be courted by the tech-nology industry. He was even offered a job as the lead engineer for a startup in Silicon Valley. Monji’s prospects would be limited because of his immigration status. The Dream Act would give Monji a chance to pursue his dream and con-tribute his talent to the country he calls home. Here is what he has to say: ‘‘I’ve turned down several great jobs from reputable companies because of my status. The Dream Act would let me take my passion for technology to the next level by allowing me to move to Silicon Valley and pursue my dream as an internet entrepreneur.’’ So, we have someone like Monji, with his talents, his entrepreneurship, his passion, and his intellect. What a re-source to our country. I keep asking the question: Would America be better off if we deported Monji back to Bangladesh, a country he left when he was 5 years old? Of course not. Herta Llusho was brought to the United States from Albania when she was 11. She and her mother settled in Grosse Pointe, Michigan, a suburb of Detroit. Herta and her mother came to the United States legally. Shortly before arriving in America, Herta’s mother filed an application to stay in the United States. Herta quickly learned English and became an academic star. She grad-uated from Grosse Pointe High School with a 4.05 grade point average. In high school, she was a member of the var-sity track team, won an Advanced Placement Scholar Award, and was a member of the National Honor Society. Herta then attended the University of Detroit Mercy, where she was an honor student and studied to be an electrical engineer. She had a grade point average of 3.98 and completed two internships at engineering companies. She is from Albania, I remind you. Herta has been very involved with her community, volunteering at home-less shelters, tutoring programs, and her church. Listen to what one of her friends said about her: ‘‘I am humbled by Herta’s willingness and desire to serve. I have had the privilege of going to the same church at which she faithfully serves. She spends hours tutoring kids and vol-unteering with the junior high Sunday school class. It is a joy to watch so many children run up to her at church because of the love they receive when they are with her.’’ Would it be a good use of taxpayer dollars to deport Herta? Of course not. Again, there is so much discussion in the United States about the need for more young people to study what is known as STEM—science, technology, engineering, and math. Of course, we add the arts in there: STEAM. Every year, we issue tens of thou-sands of H–1B visas to bring foreign students here to work in the STEM fields. Herta is a straight-A student in electrical engineering, a STEM field. She doesn’t need an H–1B visa. She is a homegrown talent. Herta came to Capitol Hill to speak at a briefing on the Dream Act. Here is what she said: ‘‘I’m a typical story. There’s thousands of stories out there just like mine. Please support the Dream Act so students like me don’t have to leave. We are worth it. This is the country we have come to love.’’ Herta is right. She and hundreds of thousands of others are worth it. Eliphaz Omote is 25 years old, and he is from K
EITH ELLISON ’s district in Minnesota. Eliphaz was born in Kenya and came to Minnesota at age 11. He didn’t know he was undocumented until he grad-uated from high school. Imagine the maturity of these kids. They are teenagers, they are babies, they are 11 years old, and all the rest, and carrying this weight. Growing up is hard enough, right, but carrying this weight? He writes: ‘‘I wanted to go to college and pursue education, but I couldn’t. It was a grueling experience, especially for me being a highly driven and ambi-tious person.’’ After DACA, Eliphaz graduated from St. Cloud State University with a de-gree in psychology and management. He is about to start classes for a mas-ter’s degree in divinity at Andrews University in Berrien Springs, Michi-gan. Eliphaz wants to be a chaplain in the United States Senate one day, but he can only do that if the Dream Act passes. The Senate. Maybe the House, if he were given a chance to, might rise to the level. The Congressional Black Caucus—I mentioned earlier that the chairwoman of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus— has been very much involved in this issue and they gave me these statistics. There are 5,302 DACA recipients from Jamaica, 4,077 recipients from Trinidad and Tobago, and 2,095 DACA recipients from Nigeria, just to name a few. There are more, as I mentioned, from Africa, but this just named the Nigerian ones here. I thank them for their work and the effort on activities that have gone with this. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.047 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H933 February 7, 2018 
We have another visitor from Alba-nia. Things were tough in Albania a while back. Our distinguished col-league, Mr. E
LIOT ENGEL , has been Al-bania’s best friend from Congress, but he can attest that there was cause to leave at an earlier day. Ola Kaso was brought to the United States by her mother from Albania in 1998, when she was 5 years old. Ola went to high school in Warren, Michi-gan. She was a valedictorian of her class. She took every advanced place-ment class offered by her school. Are you ready for this? She had a 4.4 grade point average. Ola was on the varsity cross country and tennis teams. She was treasurer of the student council and treasurer of the National Honor Society at her school. She tutors children who are learning English. Ola was also a mem-ber of the homecoming court. I don’t have her picture here, but she was lovely. b1315 Ola was then accepted into the hon-ors program at the University of Michi-gan, where she would study premed. Here is what she said about her dreams for the future: ‘‘I aspire to ultimately become a sur-gical oncologist, but more importantly, I intend to work for patients that can-not afford the astronomical fees ac-companying lifesaving surgeries, pa-tients that are denied the medical treatment they deserve. My goal is not to increase my bank account; my goal is to decrease preventible deaths. I wish to remain in this country to make a difference.’’ How beautiful. Thank you, Ola, for sharing your story. This takes a great deal of courage for these young people to share their sto-ries and the intimacy of the personal challenges they face, so we thank them for their generosity of spirit as well as their courage. Steve Li’s parents brought him to the United States when he was 11. He studied at City College of San Fran-cisco, where he majored in nursing and was a leader in student government. Here is what Steve said: ‘‘My dream is to become a registered nurse at San Francisco General and to be a public health advocate. I want to be able to give back to my community by raising awareness about preventive care and other healthcare issues. I’m well on my way to achieving my dream. By passing the Dream Act, I will be able to achieve these goals and contribute to the growing healthcare industry.’’ Could we use more nurses in this country? We sure could. In fact, the United States imports thousands of foreign nurses every year because we have such a large nursing shortage. So why would we consider sending Steve Li back? Tolu Olumni: Tolu was brought to the United States from Nigeria when she was a child. As a child, Tolu dreamed of becoming an engineer. Tolu graduated from high school at the top of her class. She won a full scholarship to a prestigious university in Virginia. In 2002, she graduated with a degree in chemical engineering. Back in 2011, at a press conference announcing the reintroduction of the Dream Act, here is what Tolu said: ‘‘The dreams of my youth have stalled, yes, but my country still needs me. So I volunteer full-time to ensure a better future for thousands of others. Passing the Dream Act is critically im-portant to me and to so many others. I don’t believe that I am entitled to any-thing more than what this great Na-tion has taught me: that we all have a right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.’’ Imagine. Tolu is right. Thousands of immigrant students in the United States were brought to the United States as children. It was not their de-cision to come to this country, but they grew up here, and this is their home. The fundamental premise of the Dream Act is that we should not pun-ish children for their parents’ actions. This is not the American way. Instead, the Dream Act says to these students: America will always give you a chance. And I—me—say to their parents: Thank you for bringing these DREAM-ers to America. We are in your debt for the courage it took for you to take the risk physically, politically, and in every way to do so. David Cho was brought to the United States from South Korea when he was 9. Since then, David has been a model American. He had a 3.9 GPA in high school. He attended UCLA, where he obtained a bachelor of arts in inter-national finance, with a 3.6 GPA. As you can see, David is also the leader of the UCLA marching band. There is a picture of him, but the R
ECORD will not reflect that, the leader of the UCLA marching band. David then obtained a master’s de-gree in public policy, with a GPA of 3.9, and was the UCLA commencement speaker. He worked as a business technology analyst at Deloitte Consulting, where he earned the highest possible perform-ance rating, representing performance in the top 5 percent of all analysts. Today, David works in business and technology, consulting as a sales force scrum master and project manager. Thank you, David, for your contribu-tion to our country. Minchul Suk: Minchul was brought to the United States from South Korea by his parents in 1991 when he was 9. I just want to make this point, Mr. Speaker. When I mentioned about Sen-ator D
URBIN , he introduced the Dream Act in 2001, it is 17 years later, so some of these children have grown up. But some of them whom we are addressing came to the United States in the nine-ties, and so 17 years later we still haven’t been able to take care of the children? They were very little chil-dren when they came, and some of them are still young. But they came, some of them, as I said, 11 months, 6 months, babies. Minchul came when he was 9. He graduated from high school with a 4.2 GPA. He graduated from UCLA with a degree in microbiology, immunology, and molecular genetics. With the sup-port from the Korean-American com-munity, Minchul was able to graduate from dental school. He passed the na-tional boards and license exam and be-came a dentist. Here is what he wrote: ‘‘After spend-ing the majority of my life here, with all my friends and family here, I could not simply pack my things and go to a country I barely remember. I am will-ing to accept whatever punishment is deemed fitting for that crime; let me just stay and pay for it. . . . I am beg-ging for a chance to prove to everyone that I am not a waste of a human being, that I am not a criminal set on leaching off taxpayers’ money. Please give me a chance to serve my commu-nity as a dentist, to be a giver rather than a receiver.’’ Thank you, Minchul. Senator DURBIN has sent over some stories, and I am going to read some of them. Jean-Yannick Diouf: When Yannick was 8, his father, a diplomat from the African country of Senegal, brought his family to the United States. Unfor-tunately, Yannick’s parents separated and Yannick’s father returned to Sen-egal, leaving Yannick and the rest of the family behind. Yannick did not re-alize it at the time, but when his father left the United States, Yannick lost his legal status to live in this country. Yannick grew up in Montgomery County, Maryland, nearby. In high school, Yannick was a member of the National Honor Society. He also volun-teered weekly at a homeless shelter and organized soccer tournaments for 3 years to raise money for the Red Cross for earthquake relief in Haiti. Mind you, he is from Senegal, and he is raising money for earthquake relief in Haiti. God bless him. After high school, he continued his education. He earned an associate de-gree in business from Montgomery Col-lege, where he was on the dean’s list. He then transferred to University of Maryland, College Park, where he is working on a bachelor’s degree in busi-ness management. Yannick runs the Achievers Mentoring Program, an after-school program that advises mid-dle school and high school students on how to get into college and be success-ful—very valuable, mentoring. He is also a volunteer for United We Dream, the largest organization of undocu-mented students in the country. May I pause for a moment to com-mend United We Dream. They have been so spectacular, so dignified, so prestigious in how they have protected the DREAMers’ case and enabled DREAMers to present their own case. Yannick was a leader in the cam-paign to pass the Maryland Dream Act, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.049 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH934 February 7, 2018 
which allows Maryland residents who are undocumented to pay instate tui-tion. Keep in mind, Yannick is undocu-mented, so he does not qualify for any official aid from the Federal Govern-ment. Here is what he wrote: ‘‘DACA means dignity. More than making money, having a job gives us dignity and self-respect. I want to work for what I have. I don’t look to anyone for pity. People should judge me based on what I do and what I stand for, not based on status. I want to be given a chance to prove that not only am I a functioning member of society, I am here to serve and share my talents with those in my community.’’ Yannick was one of six DREAMers who met President Obama in the Oval Office. Here is what President Obama said after that meeting: ‘‘I don’t think there’s anybody in America who’s had a chance to talk to these six young people . . . who wouldn’t find it in their heart to say these kids are Amer-icans just like us, and they belong here, and we want to do right by them.’’ President Obama is right. Yannick and other DREAMers have so much to contribute to our country. The question again: Would America be a stronger country if we deport Yannick and others like him? Of course not. Another DREAMer from India, this is Harminder Saini. When Harminder was 6 years old, his family moved to the United States from India. He grew up in Queens in New York City. He was a typical American kid, playing sports and going to the park every day. Harminder’s dream was to serve his country as a soldier in the United States Army. In his words, he simply wanted to give back. Harminder was a born leader, and in high school he was active in student government and ultimately was elected class president. He first learned that he did not have legal immigration status when he was in high school and was unable to apply for a driver’s license, Mr. Speaker. Harminder is now a student at Hunter College at the City University of New York, working toward his bachelor’s degree in history. And thanks to DACA, he is on his way to fulfilling his dream. Last year, he enlisted in the Army through the Military Accessions Vital to the National Interest program, known as MAVNI. The MAVNI program allows immi-grants with critical skills vital to the national interest to enlist in the Armed Forces. More than 800 DACA re-cipients with these critical skills have joined the military through MAVNI. Some Trump administration officials have claimed that DACA recipients are taking jobs away from Americans, but Harminder and hundreds of other DREAMers have skills that our mili-tary couldn’t find anywhere else. Harminder, along with many other DREAMers, is now waiting to ship to basic training. He continues his under-graduate studies and is working full- time waiting for his chance to serve the country he loves. Harminder wrote: ‘‘All I want to do is serve. I want to do my part to give back to this country because it allowed me to serve.’’ Without DACA, Harminder and hun-dreds of other immigrants with skills that are vital to the national interest would be kicked out of the Army. They want nothing more than to serve, and they are willing to die for the country they call home. Thank you, Harminder. Representative E
STY of Connecticut sent us this story about Daisy Rivera. Her story is in Daisy’s own words: ‘‘I came to the United States when I was 2 months old.’’ How precious. ‘‘The day I entered high school, my parents broke the sad news to me that I was undocumented. Yes, I did grow up not knowing my true status, and at that very moment I felt I didn’t know who exactly I was anymore. It made it very difficult to try and understand when all my siblings were born here in the U.S. and were given opportunities that I wasn’t able to have. When I graduated high school in 2012, I found out that President Obama took action to grant undocumented people like me the DACA. ‘‘Ever since then, I have been able to feel free, support my daughter, my par-ents, and younger siblings still work-ing on their dreams. I now have a beau-tiful job with a Head Start program for youth development and healthy living. This is a job that not only I enjoy, but my 3-year-old daughter attends as well. DACA has been more than a blessing and a relief for me and my friends and family. ‘‘But now that it has been put in jeopardy, I can’t even go to sleep at night. I look at my daughter thinking: What can I do so I don’t end up like other families that have been separated and destroyed? What can I do to sup-port my child? How do I explain to my friends and family that my future has been taken away, that I am not like them? ‘‘This might be another challenge for me as an undocumented, but I know that this is just the start of my new be-ginning that will label me a warrior be-cause I will not sit here and have my future taken. I will not stand by the corners of the streets to ask for any-thing. I will fight and raise my voice alone or with the other 800,000 DREAM-ers, and we will obtain what we de-serve, and we won’t give up.’’ That story comes from Representa-tive E
STY. I think it is important to note here that some of these people are, again, working; they are giving back to the community. DACA made a big difference in their existence. For some of them, they found out that they were undocumented at a critical point in their own development, and it foist-ed uncertainty upon them, which DACA relieved. So I think there is just a misunder-standing here about what President Trump did in September. It was very harsh. As the National Catholic Con-ference of Bishops said, it was rep-rehensible. I don’t think that the administration understood the impact it had on peo-ple’s lives. I think they thought they were giving a 6-month reprieve, but what they were doing was giving 6 months of uncertainty and removal of protections for these people. And you have heard some of the statements that have been made in the last day or so about mischaracterizing why some people have lost protections. I will reiterate that this all came fast. Many of the people who needed to sign up right away found it difficult to ac-cess the $495 immediately. Most people in our country could not have access to $495 in the spur of the moment, espe-cially young people. So, anyway, we have always treated this with respect. I would like to talk now about Julia Verzbickis: ‘‘When I was 9, my family and I moved to the United States to find some stability that wasn’t present in our home country. We always had plans to make the move permanent, and the seemingly endless paperwork process began nearly immediately. However, we didn’t know what we were in for. The lawyer we had turned out to be fraudulent, and, as a result, my par-ents, my sisters, and I lost our status in the country. It was the summer be-fore my first year of high school. ‘‘The future remained unclear, but I made some choices. I chose to keep my grades up in school. I chose to give my-self the opportunity at a future. I worked hard. I graduated 28th in a class of 620. I had a 3.6’’ GPA. ‘‘I got into Rutgers early admission. ‘‘The week after my 21st birthday, I got notice that my DACA application had been approved. Within 12 hours, I had applied for a Social Security card, and, within a week, I’d filled out doz-ens of job applications. I got a license for the first time ever. ‘‘In November 2014, I got into Teach For America. I was placed in San Anto-nio, 1,800 miles away from New Jer-sey.’’ b1330 ‘‘I graduated college the following May, cum laude, with a double major in English and journalism. ‘‘In August 2015, I started teaching. I also met the man that would become the love of my life. I had a new life in a new State, and I was all by myself for the first time ever, and I couldn’t be more excited. ‘‘I’ve been teaching middle school since then, and I love it. My kids are amazing. They drive me nuts on any given day, but I love them. ‘‘DACA gave me my independence back. It’s the single reason I am able to teach, and live on my own, and pay for my car, and feel like I belong in the country I have lived in for 15 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.051 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H935 February 7, 2018 
‘‘Knowing that I could lose all the freedom I’ve gained is a paralyzing fear. I’ve worked so hard, and my life was just coming together, and now it might fall apart again. I hope that doesn’t happen, but if I’ve learned any-thing these last 15 years, it’s to hope for the best and prepare for the worst.’’ That is Julia’s story. This is from Zuleyma Garcia. ‘‘Hi, my story started 22 years ago when I was only 3 years old. My par-ents, both from Mexico, had crossed over, summer of 1994, through the hot and unforgiving desert. I have always admired my parents’ drive and courage to go after a better life. I couldn’t imagine leaving my country, U.S., for one I know nothing about. Which is why I’m so thankful for DACA. ‘‘My mom always showed me any-thing is possible by working hard for it. I never really noticed or felt like I wasn’t American. So my freshman year, after passing my driver’s ed, I was very quickly dis-illusioned by my mother, who ex-plained we were here illegally and could not get a driver’s permit. I broke down crying because I felt like my world crumbled. So many thoughts went through my mind, mainly fear at the moment, but I eventually gripped myself together. With the passing years, frustration added to the list of emotions, when I couldn’t attend class trips to other States, apply for scholar-ships, or even just special programs at colleges, while I was still in high school, because of the lack of a Social Security number and an ID. ‘‘Once I graduated and it was time to face the real world, things hit the fan. I felt like the doors closed in on me. I had nice internships lined up. I had managed to get into a special program at my college, which I wasn’t able to do because of my status. A year into working a minimum wage job and at-tending college for a preschool teacher, I now felt like I had been torn apart, felt like no matter how hard I worked, I would never accomplish my goals be-cause of this barrier. So I dropped out of college and just focused on working, got a second job, and moved out of my mom’s home. Soon after, I met my hus-band of 5 years now, which is an Amer-ican citizen; we have a 5-year-old child. ‘‘DACA allowed me to feel like a human again and to live without fear. I’m not a bad person. I have a clean criminal record and am a good member of society, and, like me, there’s so many. This is why I call for an exten-sion of the Deferred Action for Child-hood Arrivals.’’ Again, the uncertainty, the anxiety, that is injected into people’s lives. I thank them for sharing these deep con-cerns. We are now hearing from Isabelle Muhlbauer. ‘‘By junior year of high school, I spoke English fluently and attended all honors classes, but, unlike most 15 year olds, my future was uncertain due to my immigration status. It was this uncertainty that led to my interest in American politics. I wanted to under-stand why I was not eligible to apply for certain schools, scholarships, and financial aid despite being a top stu-dent at my high school. ‘‘There seemed to be something fun-damentally unfair about a system that excluded students like me. However frustrating my situation was, I was for-tunate to live in New York, where resi-dency laws made the possibility of at-tending college a reality. ‘‘At Baruch College, I studied polit-ical science. I attended school full time and, by sophomore year, had the oppor-tunity to intern at Senator K
IRSTEN  G
ILLIBRAND ’s office at the Veterans’ Affairs casework department. I knew then that I wanted to pursue public service, but was well aware of the legal hurdles ahead of me due to my undocu-mented status. ‘‘I was unsure what life after gradua-tion would be like without authoriza-tion to work. Thankfully, the DACA program was announced a few semes-ters before my graduation. Although it was still difficult to find the right job, my persistence eventually led me to the New York Legal Assistance Group. I now work as a paralegal in the Vet-erans Assistance Project at NYLAG. I have the opportunity to work with a team that is committed to helping the low-income veteran population in NYC get access to the benefits they earned through their service.’’ A DACA—a DREAMer—helping our veterans. ‘‘I had hoped to attend law school to further advance my career in public in-terest law, but given the current uncer-tainty of what will happen with DACA, it’s become increasingly difficult to plan for the future. While DACA is not the solution to the current state of im-migration affairs, it has given me and over 700,000 other DREAMers the path to achieving the American Dream.’’ We thank Isabelle for sharing her story. This is from Bruna. ‘‘There are a few minutes left of President Obama’s Presidency and a feeling of dread fills me. Not only be-cause I’m saying goodbye to a Presi-dent that has meant so much to me and thousands of DREAMers, but be-cause within a few minutes the new President may choose to remove DACA—taking away a sense of security we’ve had these past years. ‘‘In 2012, President Obama presented DACA, giving me and my sister an-other chance at life. Before then, we did truly feel like we were going to lose everything: friends and family we made in this country, the home we built, and the future we envisioned. ‘‘Born in Brazil, but raised in Tampa, Florida, my parents always pushed us to excel in school, in leadership posi-tions, and in sports. We planned to go to college, travel the world, volunteer, and to make a difference in a country that had generously welcomed us. ‘‘After a third failed attempt at se-curing a green card, we had given up. My parents had done everything they could. They paid the expensive lawyer fees, opened a small business, and had secured and renewed work visas throughout our time here. There was no explanation as to why U.S. Citizen-ship and Immigration Services would deny legal immigrants with a business, a home, savings accounts, and a decade in the country, a chance at becoming permanent residents. ‘‘With the threat of being deported looming over my head, I did everything I could to help reelect President Obama. I joined OFA in Gainesville, Florida, and spent countless nights with volunteers and staffers.’’ ‘‘So although I am scared of what comes next, if we lose DACA, if we’re no longer able to continue working in the U.S., I am empowered by an impor-tant lesson President Obama taught us: We are the ones we’ve been waiting for. We are the change that we seek. In this time of uncertainty, we must carry that lesson and fight so that all people, including DREAMers, can continue working towards the American Dream.’’ I know that Representative J
AYAPAL  is on the floor, and I wish that she could deliver it herself, but the rules do not allow. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, par-liamentary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ). The gentlewoman will state her parliamentary inquiry. Ms. PELOSI. Are we going to be able to have Special Orders for our col-leagues at the end of the session? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman may consult with leadership on matters of scheduling. Ms. PELOSI. Okay. I didn’t know if a decision had been made about that yet. Then I will continue to read. Amy Kele. This is from Representa-tive J
AYAPAL , a leader on the immigra-tion issues, as you probably all know, an immigrant herself to our country, and now a Member of Congress. I am so proud of her. 
Amy Kele and her family moved from Fiji to settle in Everett, Washington, staying on their father’s student visa. Things change when Amy’s parents left the U.S. to attend a wedding in Fiji. ‘‘They were only planning to stay for 2 weeks, but then my mom’s visa got denied,’’ said Amy, the oldest of four children. Amy is now 19, but the last time she saw her parents was when she was just 11 years old. 
How sad. 
When Amy’s parents left for Fiji, Amy’s grandmother came from California to baby-sit. When they weren’t able to reenter the country, she picked up her life and moved to Everett to care for her grandchildren. ‘‘She’s the heart of this whole family. She’s kept us together this whole time. I don’t know where we’d be right now, maybe back in Fiji or in a foster home. I’m really thankful for her in our lives,’’ said Kele. Though Amy’s grandmother has been liv-ing in the U.S. for almost 20 years, she is also undocumented. ‘‘Because she’s also un-documented, she can’t get benefits like So-cial Security and things like that. It kind of breaks my heart whenever I think about it.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.053 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH936 February 7, 2018 
With the exception of Amy’s younger sis-ter, who was born in the United States, the Kele children have all enrolled in DACA. Amy is now a nursing student and healthcare worker for the elderly. As the oldest sibling, she takes pride in being able to help her grandmother support their fam-ily. She provides for her three siblings, is an active member of her church, and is looked to as a leader at the University of Wash-ington. Amy is shy, full of heart, and cares deeply about her family and community. Without the support of DACA, Amy fears never being able to complete her nursing de-gree. Without a work permit, the livelihood of their family is at stake. The risk of depor-tation means she could be separated from her family, possibly leaving her youngest sis-ter in foster care. 
What? This is a very sad and chal-lenging situation. So many families af-fected that just being able to vote on the floor could correct. It is about the children. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman J
AYAPAL for sharing that story with us. Whip H
OYER wanted to tell this story on the floor himself, and other stories as well, but the rules at the moment do not allow him. We are uncertain as to whether there will be an opportunity for Special Orders where Members can speak afterward. Lisia Vala, Indian American, her per-sonal story. Mr. Speaker, I thank Whip H
OYER for his leadership. Whip H
OYER has been so much a champion on this issue, fight-ing so hard in every possible venue, under any auspices, there every step of the way. He submits this story. 
My family moved from Canada to San An-tonio in 1996 when I was 6. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a DREAMer from Canada. 
We had a visa, and my parents worked to change our immigration status for as long as I can remember. We spent decades playing by the rules. But one time our immigration at-torney filed our paperwork late, and another time our sponsor sold his business, forcing us to restart the entire application process. For more than 20 years, we attempted to navigate the broken immigration system, an emotionally exhausting and financially draining process. Suffice it to say that I am not undocumented for lack of trying. Growing up in Texas, I always felt like an American because, in every possible way, I was. I went to elementary, middle, and high school in San Antonio, enrolling in Girl Scouts, and spending my summers playing league basketball. I volunteered at the local food bank, took far too many AP classes, and worked behind the cash register at the neighborhood grocery store. In 2008, I left for college. Four years later, I graduated, and, thanks to DACA, I was sud-denly eligible for relief from immigration worries. DACA has helped me become the person I am today. Because of my work per-mit, I have been able to buy a home, a car, and pay off my student loans. I launched a small business helping U.S. citizens with their resume so they can get jobs. I have a meaningful job and pay State and Federal taxes, I pay rent to live in my apartment in Washington, I eat at res-taurants, shop at local stores, and pay for public transportation. All the dollars that I have spent, and the dollars that 800,000 people like me spent, are reinvested back in the community and help improve the lives of our American citizen neighbors and friends. A beautiful story from Lisia, and, again, there is nothing lazy about this family, or any of these families, as to how they want to achieve legal status in our country. The only violation in hundreds of thousands of these cases is a status, either a lapse, in this case, or a violation, but nothing in terms of breaking the law in any other way. b1345 From California, Congressman J
IMMY  P
ANETTA , a member of our freshman class, tells us the story of Adriana from Salinas. I thank J
IMMY for the work he tried to do with the group that he works with in a bipartisan way to advance the cause of the DREAMers. Adriana tells this story: ‘‘At the age of 7, I migrated to the place that I now call home. I came with the dream of pursuing an education and becoming someone important, someone who would give back to the community. I am working to achieve my dream. To my community, I am a student, I am a peer, I am a leader. To the Trump ad-ministration, I am a criminal. I stood in the shadows for a very long time, and education was always my outlet. I grew to be the person I am today be-cause of my mother, a cook, who told me that education was the most impor-tant thing I could earn. ‘‘People tell me to go back to my country, but people do not realize that this is my country. I work, I pay taxes, I go to school, I stand for the national anthem, and I know the Pledge of Alle-giance. This country has seen me grow, and this country has contributed to my dreams. I aspire to attend law school. DACA has helped me achieve my dreams. I was able to get a Social Secu-rity card. I was allowed to apply for a driver’s license. DACA allowed me to be like any other person my age. ‘‘People have asked me what would I do without DACA. To be honest, I have faith in my elected officials. I do not want everything handed to me, nor do I believe that I deserve everything. What I do ask for is the ability to be like any other 25-year-old in this coun-try. I don’t want the termination of DACA to be the termination of my dreams.’’ Thank you, Adriana. Thank you, J
IMMY PANETTA , for submitting that story. Juan Escalante tells us that he was working at an unpaid internship in 2012 when he caught word of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, DACA, announcement via Twitter. He said: ‘‘I ran to the office lobby, turned on the TV, and immediately knew right away that life would not be the same. I called my mother in tears and pro-ceeded to tell her that my brothers and I would be able to benefit from a pro-gram that would temporarily shield us from deportation, while allowing us to work and drive legally. I understood DACA was a temporary program that would not cover parents, but it re-newed my commitment to fight for re-lief for the rest of the immigrant com-munity. ‘‘Since that day, I have taken every opportunity to grow, learn, and con-tribute back to my community. In 2013, DACA allowed me to re-enroll in Flor-ida State University and pursue a mas-ter’s degree in public administration. By 2014, I was in the middle of working a job in Tallahassee, Florida, studying for my master’s classes, and advo-cating at the Florida Legislature for a bill that would allow undocumented students to obtain instate tuition at State colleges and universities. In a rare display of bipartisanship, the bill passed and was signed into law by Flor-ida Republican Governor Rick Scott. ‘‘I graduated with my master’s in 2015 full of hope and energy that I would be able to put my education to good use. With degrees in hand, I was able to obtain a job as a digital immi-gration advocate, putting my years of experience and passion to good use. Si-multaneously, and thanks to the new instate tuition law in Florida, I was able to help both of my younger broth-ers enroll at Miami Dade College and Florida International University. They are currently pursuing degrees to work in business and communications, re-spectively.’’ I just want to say that I have spoken at the graduation at Miami Dade Col-lege and spoken also at Florida Inter-national University, two magnificent schools. And what is beautiful about them is to see the beautiful diversity in the large number of students that they teach, and the many cases of first children to attend college, but with all the optimism, dignity, and hope that you could ever imagine. They are two great institutions. I actually spoke at the commence-ment address one year, the year before President Bush spoke there. I have said earlier, President Bush was a wonder-ful President dedicated to recognizing how important immigration was to our country and how we should value our immigrants and treat them with re-spect when we have the debate on these issues. Juan goes on to say: ‘‘There are a lot of misconceptions regarding the DACA program, but perhaps the biggest one is that beneficiaries of the program are asking for a free pass. DACA does not grant citizenship. Rather, it allows in-dividuals like myself, who have bene-fitted from State-funded investments like public education, to move forward with their lives and continue to con-tribute to their communities. That means DACA beneficiaries could con-tinue to pursue higher education, starting businesses, or putting their skills to use without the constant fear of deportation if the program is kept in place.’’ Of course, we hope the Dream Act will have a more beneficial impact than just the DACA announcement, but that is what we are asking the Speaker for a vote for. We thank Juan for sharing his impor-tant story and reinforcing the constant message that people are working hard 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.054 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H937 February 7, 2018 
and they want to give back to the com-munity; the immigrant commitment and recognition that education is the source of making the future better for their families and for our country. Denis Montero Diaz tells his story: ‘‘I didn’t cry. I knew it was for the best. I said good-bye to many: the people I love. I felt uncertainty, yet I didn’t cry. ‘‘You see, I knew of the American Dream. Every evening I’d watch Amer-ican films filled with white picket fences and big city aspirations. I dreamed of setting foot in the land of opportunity. ‘‘After a disastrous journey, we ar-rived home. Every morning I pledged allegiance to the flag. I meant it. I ex-celled in school. That is why our par-ents worked so hard, why we risked so much; opportunities that come through education and hard work.’’ Again, that immigrant ethic of hard work ethic and education ethic. Denis says: ‘‘Later, I learned what my undocumented status truly meant. I felt uncertainty, shame, no future. Rattled by depression, I contemplated giving up. ‘‘Luckily, I had educators that told me I was wasting a mind. So I’ve con-tinued to pursue my education and help run our family business. ‘‘Through DACA, me and 800,000 oth-ers live freely. We can contribute. That’s our American Dream. That is why my mother works so hard, hands aching, yet a kind smile on her face. That’s why I study economics, to one day enthrall my mind to the better-ment of this Nation.’’ Giving back. Denis says: ‘‘I watched Trump make his way to the podium. I felt uncer-tainty. My own need for an answer was channeled through the screen into the mind of a reporter who asked about DACA. No answer. Silence. ‘‘The 45th President took office. Can-nons fired, people applauded, rain fell. But I do not believe in omens. If the life of 800,000 ‘DACAmented’ Americans is altered, it will not be by virtue of the rain. It will be by the lightning strike of one man’s hand. ‘‘We ask only to let us contribute freely. Let us walk along you, shoulder to shoulder, on that same road our hands helped to pave. Human decency and morality demand it. The American people, our people, demand it.’’ So we thank Denis for sharing his story. You hear, Mr. Speaker, reiter-ated time and again, the work ethic, family values, education, giving back to America, no free ride. I have mentioned the Congressional Black Caucus and their leadership on this issue; the Hispanic Caucus and their leadership. I am very, very proud of CAPAC. I represent a district that, as they say in San Francisco, the beau-ty is in the mix; and one-third of my district is Asian-Pacific American, so I take a great pride in being part of the CAPAC, the Congressional Asian Pa-cific American Caucus. So here are the statistics that they have given us: Twenty percent of DACA recipients are Asian-Pacific Islanders. Did Members know that? More than 130,000 Asian-Pacific Is-lander DREAMers. And 7,000 DREAM-ers are from South Korea. Nearly 5,000 DREAMers are from the Philippines. More than 3,000 DREAMers are from India. Nearly 2,000 DREAMers are from Pakistan. And thousands more are from the rest of the Asian-Pacific area. In addition to DACA, though, there are many people from the Asian-Pa-cific area who would be benefited if we did comprehensive immigration re-form. Today we are just speaking about the DREAMers. So I thank Congresswoman J
UDYCHU for her persistent, relentless leadership on this subject as the chair of CAPAC— the Congressional Asian Pacific Amer-ican Caucus—and also her insistence in presenting the value of family unifica-tion as a value, as a source of strength to America. This is an important de-bate that will be part of whatever comes next in legislation. But I thank her for her leadership in that regard. An icon in the Congress, J
OHNLEWIS from Georgia, has submitted this testi-mony. J
OHNhas spoken so beautifully on this subject. I think if anyone lis-tened to him, if the DREAMers heard him, they would feel so comforted, in-spired, and optimistic. If others heard him, if their hearts are open, they would have to say we must get a result, we must do the right thing. J
OHN al-ways inspires us in that way. What an honor it is for all of us to serve with him, to call him our colleague. J
OHN submitted this story from a Georgian. This is a Georgian’s state-ment: ‘‘Last week, on January 30, 2018, President Trump, in his State of the Union, said, ‘Americans are DREAM-ers, too.’ He didn’t mention the second part: DREAMers are American, too. ‘‘My name is Daniela, and I was there at the State of the Union last week when I heard President Trump say these words.’’ Daniela is a Georgian, as J
OHNLEWIS has indicated. Daniela goes on to say: ‘‘I was brought over at age 4 because my mother realized that, if we stayed, we wouldn’t survive.’’ She is from Acapulco, Mexico. Daniela says: ‘‘And at the time, there were very limited ways to get into the U.S. legally. It required a lot of money and time, something we didn’t have. ‘‘Put yourself in her shoes. What would you have done for you and your child? ‘‘Wait years in a country that wasn’t safe, for the hope that someday maybe you could come to America. A someday that never came for some because death came knocking first.’’ Death by violence. Daniela says: ‘‘My mother did what any good parent would do in that situa-tion. She decided to risk her life so that her child could have a future. ‘‘I am currently a student down the street at George Washington Univer-sity. I grew up in Georgia. I speak English more fluently than I do Span-ish. America is home. I am an Amer-ican. I am currently studying political science, and aspire to work for the United Nations as an advocate for human rights. I earned over $30,000 in private scholarship money to attend college.’’ She worked and did that. Daniela says: ‘‘Nothing was handed to me. I did not qualify for instate tui-tion or any type of Federal financial aid. ‘‘They call us DREAMers, but we are actually working every day to make our dreams into a reality. It’s cruel to deny me and the 800,000-plus DREAM-ers a clean Dream Act. The impact of losing DACA would be devastating not just emotionally and personally, but also detrimental to the economy. DREAMers are going to school, open-ing up businesses, working, paying taxes.’’ I would add, serving in our military. Daniela says: ‘‘A study by the Center for American Progress estimated that the loss of all DACA workers would re-duce U.S. gross domestic product by $433 billion over the next 10 years. Yes, $433 billion.’’ Mr. Speaker, that is over the next 10 years. Daniela says: ‘‘Removing the DREAMers is not only unethical and unjust, it’s also simply un-American because of the damage it would do to the economy. ‘‘You gave an oath to protect the in-terests of the American people. I am an American. This is not a partisan issue. Please choose to be on the right side of history.’’ I thank JOHN LEWIS for submitting this beautiful statement. I also thank this Georgian for her testimony. I just want to say to Daniela that not only would we be—you ask us to be on the right side of history. I would say that, in this Congress and in this country, we not only want to be on the right side of history, we want to be on the right side of the future. And to be on the right side of the future, we have to recognize who we are as a country, what our values are. Imagine Founders who would say it is our national purpose and what we owe people is life, liberty, and the pur-suit of happiness. The pursuit of happi-ness is one of the goals of our Nation, one of the standards of what we stand for, to use the word again. This is not just about protecting the economy. It is about protecting our country, who we are as a country. So I thank J
OHNLEWIS, and I thank Daniela for her impressive, impressive presen-tation. b1400 Brisa E. Ramirez’s statement says: ‘‘I was born in . . . Mexico. I am 26 years old, and I have lived in the United States as an undocumented immigrant for 25 years.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.056 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH938 February 7, 2018 
Do the math, Mr. Speaker. That means Brias came at 1 year old. ‘‘Throughout my childhood, I did not fully understand the repercussions that came from hearing the status of ‘ille-gal’ in this country, but I did know my mother and I had to be ‘careful.’ As an adult, I am now experiencing firsthand the restrictions, prejudice, and fear il-legal immigrants must confront. Since childhood, I have always wanted to make a tangible difference in the world.’’ Listen to that sentence. ‘‘Since child-hood, I have always wanted to make a tangible difference in the world.’’ ‘‘Growing up in adversity inspired me to obtain a college degree; I wanted to become someone who could right the wrongs experienced by those living in poverty. ‘‘In 2012, when I first heard about DACA, I was skeptical. The idea of self- disclosing my immigration status, es-pecially to the government, was terri-fying. I waited 2 years to see what would become of those who bravely stepped out in order to receive their 2 years of deferment from deportation. Eventually, I had to do the same. I un-derstood that I could continue to be ‘safe’ in the shadows but live as a criminal or expose myself and live as a law-abiding individual. Even though I feel like I have an expiration date, I am much happier thanks to DACA. ‘‘DACA has given me the ability to drive without fear, work legally with-out fear, and earn jobs where I am not exploited. DACA has given me the abil-ity to use my college degree, which I earned through private donations in the form of a full-tuition scholarship through years of hard work, persever-ance, and many, many tears. DACA has given me the ability to earn a position as an AmeriCorps VISTA and serve in the fight against poverty in Boston. . . . It’s amazing how nine digits and a flimsy piece of discolored paper can change your life. ‘‘My dream is to create a more com-passionate society that restores human dignity to those who are pushed fur-ther into the margins. I want to earn my Ph.D. I want to become a leader of an organization that seeks to provide opportunities that do not trap people in misery and dependence. I want to be a voice for the voiceless. My dream is to discover potential in people who are thought to have none because I know what it is like.’’ Thank you, Brisa, for your courage. Giovanni writes: ‘‘I left Panama on my eighth birthday on a flight bound for Los Angeles, California. At the time, I didn’t fully understand the weight of what was happening. I was excited to have the people on my flight sing ‘‘Happy Birthday’’ to me. I was in-trigued by the smoked salmon that the stewardess served me for lunch. I had no idea that to this day, almost 20 years later, I would not return to my hometown or my childhood friends or the house that I was born in. ‘‘From the moment I arrived in the United States, I tried my hardest to fit in. I learned English quickly and dropped my Spanish accent. I tried to excel in my studies, even though this prompted comments that I was ‘acting White.’ I made friends, consumed pop-ular culture, played video games. I as-similated well because of that immense pressure known only to those who leave their homes for the land of oppor-tunity. I looked at other immigrant kids with their broken English and hand-me-down clothes and the way they were being teased. I wanted, and often failed, to distance myself from the perception that I did not belong. ‘‘The older I got, the more I realized that my situation wasn’t going to get any better,’’ Giovanni writes on. ‘‘‘Close’ friends criticized and spewed toxic mistruths about immigrants and how they were ruining this country. I lived under the constant fear that my home would be raided or that my par-ents would get arrested and sent to a detention center. I became better and better at coming up with excuses for why I had no license, no car, no job, why I couldn’t travel or take advan-tage of scholarships, why I turned down internship opportunities and research positions with my professors. ‘‘At the risk of sounding cliche, DACA opened doors for me. It goes well beyond just being able to work and get a license and fly domestically. You see, what all of us want is simple. We just want the opportunity to emerge from the shadows, to work and support our families, to contribute back to our communities, to love our partners/ spouses without the fear of being de-ported at a moment’s notice. We have that now. But for how long?’’ We thank Giovanni for his message, but again, fear, tears. As I said, the Statue of Liberty must have tears in her eyes when she hears some of the comments that are made about immi-grants, fear in the hearts of some of these people. Giovanni talks about doors opening, saying it is like a cli-che, but DACA opened doors for him. Let’s hope that passing the Dream Act will keep those doors open. Deyanira writes this: ‘‘‘Adversity causes some men to break; others to break records’—William Arthur Ward. ‘‘Although being undocumented has been my toughest struggle here in the United States,’’ Deyanira writes, ‘‘it has shaped me to highly appreciate education and encourage my younger siblings to excel in their studies in order to pursue a career. ‘‘I was born in San Luis Potosi, Mex-ico. My parents decided early on that they wanted their children to grow up in better environments than the ones they grew up in. They migrated to the United States of America when I was very young so that they could work endlessly and send money back home to Mexico. At the age of 5, I migrated along with my sister. I was excited about my family being united once again, despite the adversity we face. ‘‘The hardships range from medical situations to owning a driver’s license. The cost of visiting a clinic is tremen-dously overwhelming due to the fact that we did not have the documents re-quired for a medical insurance plan. My parents, like many others through-out the U.S., risk so much by pursuing the American Dream every day. ‘‘On August 12, President Obama in-troduced the Deferred Action for Child-hood Arrivals Program. My sister and I applied and we received our work per-mits. My soul was euphoric with the joy of being legal in this country, but then I discovered this valuable permit would only help me work legally but would not grant me permanent resi-dence. ‘‘I qualified for scholarships like the Gates Millennium Scholarship, but I would not even be considered because of my status. I looked high and low for any scholarship that would accept un-documented students and made sure to apply because they were few and far be-tween. Regardless of not being a per-manent resident or citizen, I still made my dream of attending the University of Texas’’—Austin, Texas—‘‘majoring in neuroscience a reality. ‘‘I consider myself blessed and hope that others can learn from my strug-gles. I am involved in UT University Leadership Initiative, an organization that advocates for immigrant rights and helps the community fight injus-tices. Despite DACA only allowing temporary relief to me, I appreciate it because it removed the burden of my status from me and allowed me to work and contribute to society. If DACA were removed, we would have to return to the shadows and live life in constant fear.’’ We cannot let that happen. Another student from Georgia, this time McDonough, Georgia, Anayancy Ramos, writes: ‘‘I learned to live as an American before the memories of my homeland solidified into a permanent impression. My mother tongue was for-gotten as I learned to speak English, weakening the profound virtuosity of my heritage and reshaping my family’s mannerisms and grandiose personal-ities. In pursuing the American Dream, my parents not only offered their lives, but also their youngest daughter. ‘‘In spite of losing my ancestors that both defined me and were unknown to me, I have fought for the new self I have built up from the ashes of the bro-ken dreams they tried to burn down. While in community college, I stead-fastly held the distinction of a dean’s list scholar and successfully completed the requirements for earning an honors certificate by completing eight honors courses. I held the merit of being in-ducted into an honors society, Phi Theta Kappa, and was appointed presi-dent of the Alpha Beta Gamma chapter the following year, all the while work-ing full-time at an animal hospital. ‘‘I poured the desperation I felt over being denied my education at the top research schools in Georgia into my school and work. I rose to the position of manager at the animal hospital and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.059 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H939 February 7, 2018 
was the sole student awarded the dis-tinction of Student of the Year in Biol-ogy out of the total college population of 21,000 students’’—top student, 21,000 students. ‘‘In an attempt to continue my edu-cation further than a 2-year associate’s degree, I was chosen from a pool of thousands as a semifinalist for the prestigious Jack Kent Cooke scholar-ship. Later that year, I was offered a different private scholarship to attend Eastern Connecticut State University at no cost to me. In another 2 years’ time, I will graduate with a double major in biochemistry and biology. ‘‘Four years was all it took for me to effectively and irrevocably pursue the education I have proved that I deserve. However, these dreams have an expira-tion date. Every 2 years, I must go through the taxing process of applying for DACA. Every 2 years, these dreams may die. Until then, I breathe the heart and soul of my denied ancestors into my studies to keep them alive and to keep them ingrained in my pursuit of the American Dream.’’ So beautiful. Thank you, Anayancy. And then I want to talk about Cindy: ‘‘My name is Cindy Nava. I was born in Chihuahua, Mexico, and arrived in the United States in 1997. I have been blessed to grow up in a State that has demonstrated its appreciation and sup-port to immigrant communities over the years. The State of New Mexico is not only the place I call home, but it is the State that has nourished my deep love and passion for civic engagement and policy. ‘‘I began my college life at Santa Fe Community College and then trans-ferred to the University of New Mexico, where I obtained a BA degree in polit-ical science in 2014. I did not obtain DACA until spring 2016 due to a local attorney who advised me not to apply. However, this did not stop me from continuing my education. I served as an intern and fellow for more than a dozen State and national political or-ganizations, regardless of the fact that they could not hire me. ‘‘I collaborated with organizations to register high school students to vote, while still not being able to cast a vote myself. I interned at my State legisla-ture for 6 years and went on to become the first undocumented student to serve as an intern . . . through my se-lection for the Rilla Moran NFDW Award. ‘‘Thanks to DACA, I was able to begin a graduate program and thus was able to accept a job as a graduate re-search assistant at the University of New Mexico. Having the ability to travel to border States granted me the ability to become the second DREAMer in the country to graduate from the EMERGE America women leaders training program.’’ Wow. ‘‘DACA has changed my life, and I will always be grateful to President Obama for taking the first step to up-lift our immigrant communities through his efforts to support us, re-gardless of the criticisms he received. ‘‘DACA will forever hold a special place in my heart, as it is through the benefit of being able to apply for ad-vanced parole that I was able to travel to Chihuahua, Mexico, after 21 years to be with my beloved llalla Eva—grand-mother—until her very last moments on this Earth. ‘‘I will forever cherish the fact that DACA opened a world of opportunities for me to support my family and com-munities in ways I would have never able to do otherwise.’’ Thank you, Cindy Nava, for sharing your personal story with us. Here on the floor, Representative B
LUNT ROCHESTER from Delaware, I thank her for being with us. A member of the freshman class, Representative B
LUNT ROCHESTER was effective from the start and into advocacy for our DACAs from day one, and I thank her for giving us this story of Indira Islas. Her story says: ‘‘I was born in Guer-rero, Mexico, and I came to the U.S. with my parents at the age of 6. I am a 19-year-old DACA student currently studying biology. ‘‘September 16, 2013, seemed just like any day. I was on my way home from school when my bus came across heavy traffic just a few miles from my stop. As it inched forward and approached the turn that led to my house, flashing lights and the scene of an accident came into view. When we saw that an ambulance was blocking the intersec-tion, we all stood up eagerly from our seats—intrigued, fascinated, and curi-ous to see what happened. In the dis-tance beyond the comfort of my seat, my heart dropped as I recognized what was unmistakably my dad’s crushed car. ‘‘After arriving in the emergency room, I was told to have a seat in the waiting area. As I sat down, so many things went through my mind before I was finally allowed to see him. A nurse with a clipboard escorted me back, and I held my breath as she opened the cur-tain to his room. There was my dad, handcuffed to his hospital bed and looking utterly defeated.’’ b1415 ‘‘After a long embrace, he finally spoke. In his voice, he carried fear of the unknown and uncertainty of the fu-ture; he knew of the adversity ahead of us. Though his words were few, he began telling me that I was going to have to be strong and to not lose focus of my education. He was then taken to jail. ‘‘From that day on, I knew that my life would be different. In the midst of all of this, I found refuge in the one thing that I had control over: my edu-cation. If I were to have lost my dad that day, September 16, I know he would not have been disappointed be-cause he would have been content knowing that his children are going to be left in a good place—which is all an immigrant parent ever wants. ‘‘At that moment, the flames of dis-parity gave way to the fire of indigna-tion, but this conflagration only kin-dled within me a phoenix of preserva-tion: I would persevere in spite of these obstacles. I spent countless hours re-searching every possible opportunity that would allow me to further my edu-cation. ‘‘Lastly, I would like to encourage you to think of the thousands of un-documented people like myself. I stand before you to ask you to pass the Dream Act so I and many other un-documented people not only can con-tinue pursuing the American Dream, but also no longer fear being separated from our loved ones.’’ I thank Congresswoman BLUNT ROCH-
ESTER for this beautifully written, al-most poetic statement. Like so many other DACA students and DREAMers, it is a story of family, of education, of commitment, of patriotism—also beau-tifully written. I know that in the course of the day, we have been joined by Congresswoman Z
OELOFGREN , who has been a real champion on the issue of immigration and a champion, relentlessly, for our DREAMers. She has served as the chair of the Immigration and Border Secu-rity Subcommittee. She is now the ranking Democrat on the Immigration and Border Security Subcommittee. She has practiced immigration law. She has taught immigration law. She is a recognized leader, called upon by all kinds of constitutional institutions for her views on this and other subjects that relate to our Constitution and our country. She is relentless to satisfy and persistent. She is not only a lead-er, but also a strong advocate. I thank the Congresswoman for her leadership. I mentioned earlier Congresswoman S
HEILA JACKSON LEE. Also, when I mentioned the Immigra-tion and Border Security Sub-committee that Congresswoman Z
OE L
OFGREN serves on, that is a sub-committee of the Judiciary Committee of which she is a leader. Congresswoman S
HEILA JACKSON LEE, also a member of the Judiciary Com-mittee, a leader on the immigration issue and expert on it, earlier I read her statement that she presented from a DREAMer from Houston, Texas. I thank the Congresswoman for being with us. Congresswoman B
ONNIE WATSON  C
OLEMAN from New Jersey is with us, too, and she is a very outspoken force on many subjects in the Congress. As you see, we had many testimonies from New Jersey, and I know she knows this issue so well. But for all of us, it is not just an issue. It is a value. It is something very important to us. Earlier, also from New Jersey, was F
RANK PALLONE , our ranking member on the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee, who cares so deeply about this issue. He has been in and out for most of the 4 hours that I have been speak-ing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.060 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH940 February 7, 2018 
JOHN LEWIS, we had his beautiful statement from a DREAMer, Daniela, a dreamer from Georgia. I thank the gen-tleman for his great leadership. I sang his praises earlier. I could spend an-other 4 hours just talking about the gentleman. I thank him so much. Congresswoman M
AXINE WATERS has been here for most of the time. She, too, as a Californian, understands the impact of public policy on the lives of people. As Dr. King told us, the ballot, legislation, your life, there is a direct relationship. Legislation here has a di-rect impact on the lives of these peo-ple, and nobody understands that bet-ter than M
AXINE WATERS , our ranking member on the Financial Services Committee. I commend her for her leadership on the part of the American taxpayer as well as consumer. Congresswoman N
YDIA VELAZQUEZ  was also here earlier, a leader on the committee, the Financial Services Committee, also a leader, the Demo-cratic leader on the Small Business Committee where many, many minor-ity-owned businesses enjoy the benefit of her leadership. She also was the chairman of the Hispanic Caucus the year that we passed the DREAM Act in the House of Representatives. I thank her and the members of the committee for making that victory possible then. Congresswoman A
NNAESHOO of Cali-fornia, she has been a tremendous force on this issue. A number of the testi-monies that I have read have been ei-ther from the Silicon Valley area or as-pire to be from the Silicon Valley area. There are a lot of entrepreneurship, STEM, and engineer aspirations in this list, so we thank Congresswoman E
SHOO for her role as a leader on the Energy and Commerce Committee and for her strong advocacy for many. She and Z
OELOFGREN know better than al-most anyone the contributions that immigrants have made. Most of the new startup companies in our area are started by immigrants to our country. Many of the people who would like to be part of that are part of the DREAMer community. So we thank Congresswoman E
SHOO also for her extraordinary leadership. I am going to go on to Alejandra Gonzalez. The story goes like this, Mr. Speaker: ‘‘I was 12 years old when I found out I was undocumented and when I found out I couldn’t be a teacher like I’ve al-ways wanted to because, without the proper documentation, I couldn’t re-ceive grants and loans to afford a high-er education. I had to settle for jobs that didn’t allow me to use my full po-tential because I didn’t have a Social Security number, and it was then that I started to live a life full of anxiety, stress, and depression because of the uncertainty of my future and the threat of deportation. DACA was an in-stant relief from that.’’ Alejandra goes on to say: ‘‘Since DACA, I have been able to acquire the funds to go back to school. While some had seen DACA as a form of am-nesty’’—no—‘‘and have pledge to fight against it, it should be stated that it is far from that. If anything, it is a Band- Aid solution of addressing the needs and concerns of the millions of undocu-mented immigrants in this country. ‘‘My plan after graduating from Alverno College consists of making healthcare accessible to all and giving back to the community that I love so much. There are DREAMers that have become lawyers, doctors, police offi-cers, and small-business owners thanks to DACA, and their career choices ben-efit the country as a whole. ‘‘We are a group of hardworking indi-viduals who just want the opportunity at a better life. My parents’ choice to smuggle me across the border was irre-sponsible,’’ Alejandra says, ‘‘but I un-derstand why they did it. Our home country is being terrorized by poverty and drug cartels, and I can’t imagine what my life would have been like if we would have stayed. I am grateful for all the privileges the United States has granted me, and while DACA is just a temporary fix to immigration policy, it is one that provides a pathway to suc-cess for millions of DREAMers in the country. ‘‘If we are to lose DACA, I hope that the new administration implements a reform that assures the well-being of DREAMers—but if it doesn’t, I know that our will to keep fighting and pro-gressing won’t end. With or without DACA, my future doesn’t feel uncer-tain anymore. I will continue to pursue my goal of making healthcare acces-sible. ‘‘We aren’t asking for a handout. We are asking for the same opportunities to succeed in the country we call home.’’ Thank you, Alejandra. Miriam Santamaria writes: ‘‘‘Don’t worry when you are not recognized, but strive to be worthy of recognition.’’’ Who said that? Abraham Lincoln. ‘‘‘Don’t worry when you are not rec-ognized, but strive to be worthy of rec-ognition.’—Abraham Lincoln.’’ Miriam writes: ‘‘I have carried Lin-coln’s advice throughout my life. It resonates with me now more than ever. ‘‘I was 4 years old when I was brought to this country. After my father passed away, my mother was faced with the difficult task of raising two children on her own. It was then that she made the decision to come to the United States. Leaving all of her comforts behind, she sacrificed everything to pursue a better life for us. I have lived in this country ever since. It was in Houston, Texas, where I went to school, learned a sec-ond language, graduated from high school with honors, and paid my way through community college. ‘‘I grew up with a vision of achieving the ‘American Dream,’ the same ‘dream’ they teach you in school, the dream that anyone with honest char-acter and conduct can succeed in this country. Yet none of that matters if you do not have the ‘right’ identity card. ‘‘Because of DACA, I was able to apply for and obtain a work permit and driver’s license. DACA also gave me the opportunity to live out my dreams. I am now a manager at a construction company and own my own photography business. I plan to continue pursuing my aspirations regardless of my status. ‘‘I consider myself lucky among oth-ers who were denied the rights granted by DACA. That is why I decided to share my story. I am not looking for any kind of recognition or sympathy, but looking to make a difference and inspire others. Hopefully, the Trump administration takes into consider-ation all of our stories when they make a decision about the future. In the meantime, we, the DREAMers, need to continue to set a high example for oth-ers and give back to our communities which have given us so much, even while political forces threaten our daily lives. ‘‘I know my story is one of many oth-ers and that I speak for them when I say we are not asking for handouts, only for an opportunity to work hard, pay taxes like other citizens, and, mostly, live our lives in peace for the first time, and for some of us, to live in peace in the only country that we call home.’’ Before I go into other testimony, I want to recognize so many of our Mem-bers who have been here on the floor with us and some who are watching from their offices and sending their memos. But I do want to acknowledge the presence of Congressman CARBAJAL of California, a champion on this. They are all distinguished champions on this issue, very concerned, working very hard for us to get a debate and a vote on the floor. Congressman C
ARBAJAL of California, a freshman member; Congressman K
IL-
DEE of Michigan, who leads the way with 1-minutes on the floor; Congress-woman B
ONNIE WATSON COLEMAN , whose birthday was yesterday and who is sharing, today, with us. I acknowl-edged her earlier. I thank her. Congresswoman W
ATERS ; Congress-woman V
ELA´ZQUEZ ; Congressman C
ORREA of California; Congresswoman M
ATSUI of California; Congressman G
OMEZ of California; again, Congress-woman J
ACKSON LEE, now my third time to acknowledge Congresswoman J
ACKSON LEE; Congressman T AKANO of California; Congresswoman B
ARBARA  L
EE. I read the testimony of her DREAMer earlier. Congressman L
OWENTHAL of Cali-fornia; Congressman D
ARREN SOTO of Florida. He has been such a champion right from the start. I was down with him at a university like the first month of his being in Congress, and that day I spoke to General Kelly right from the venue where we were speaking to the students, and General Kelly told me that he cared deeply about DREAMers. I had confidence that he would help us, and I still do, on this very important value that we share. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.062 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H941 February 7, 2018 
Congressman M IKETHOMPSON of Cali-fornia; Congressman C
A´RDENAS , who was just here, of California; Congress-man T
ONKO of New York; Congress-woman A
LMAADAMS of North Carolina. I mentioned Congresswoman Z
OELOF-
GREN . Again, I acknowledge her. Con-gressman P
ANETTA , who presented tes-timony here; Congressman N
ORCROSS of New Jersey. There is lots of New Jer-sey testimony here. Congressman C
ARTWRIGHT of Penn-sylvania has been with us for a long while; Congressman S
ERRANO of New York, a champion of all of those issues, including our fight to be fair and just to Puerto Rico; Congressman E
LLISON . I read the testimony of his DREAMer earlier. Congresswoman E
SHOO , I acknowl-edge her again for her extraordinary leadership. She has faith that this will happen, and we pray together over it. Congresswoman N
ORMA TORRES of California, reminding me that tomor-row is the National Prayer Breakfast; Congressman R
UIZof California; Con-gressman M
CGOVERN from Massachu-setts, who has been with us a long time; Congresswoman V
ALDEMINGS , a new member of the Judiciary Com-mittee from Florida; and Congressman C
ASTRO of Texas, San Antonio. We had testimony from there. b1430 I acknowledge Congressman A
L G
REEN from Houston, Texas; Congress-man G
ENEGREEN from Houston, Texas; Congresswoman B
LUNT ROCHESTER , whom we had beautiful testimony from earlier; Congresswoman S
LAUGHTER  from New York; Congressman H
UFFMAN  from California; Congressman M
CNER-
NEY from California; Congresswoman B
ARRAGA ´Nfrom California; Congress-woman J
ANSCHAKOWSKY from Illinois; Congressman G
ARAMENDI from Cali-fornia; Congresswoman B
ONAMICI from Oregon; Congresswoman J
AYAPAL — again, I acknowledge her leadership— who is a member of the Judiciary Com-mittee, the committee of jurisdiction for this; again, I acknowledge Con-gressman J
OHN LEWIS; Congressman C
ICILLINE , who is a member of the Judi-ciary Committee; and Congressman J
UANVARGAS from California. They have been just extraordinary, all of them. Again, the members of the Homeland Security Committee, Congressman B
ENNIE THOMPSON was in meetings with us preparing to come to the floor, and I want to acknowledge his leadership on this as well. Congressman A
DAM S
CHIFF spent some time with us in Cau-cus downstairs on this subject. So many of our colleagues participated in our early morning meeting until our next meeting to come to the floor. I will tell you about the early morn-ing meeting, which began around 8 a.m., because when I went into the meeting at 8, I said to our colleagues that from 8 this morning until 12 to-morrow night is 40 hours, Mr. Speaker. Forty hours. A strong Biblical number: 40 years in the desert for the Jews, Moses and Aaron; 40 years. Forty days in the desert with Christ. Forty days of Lent, so important to many of us here. Forty hours as a Catholic ritual, the 40 days observing the 40 hours. Forty hours is a number that is fraught with oppor-tunity. It is a prayerful time, too, whether it was in the desert with Christ or in Lent or 40 hours of religious devotion. We should use these 40 hours. I thought of coming to the floor, as I said earlier, when Senator DURBIN was here and we sang his praises for being such a champion on this issue. I was going to come and bring my rosary blessed by the Pope and talk about not just one rosary, five-decade, but all three, the full rosary. That would take some time. Prayerful about that. Instead, I did that during the night and came here to make sure that ev-eryone who follows Congress knows the stories of these DREAMers and how consistent they are with the aspira-tions of our Founders; how proud our Founders would be of the aspirations of these young people to make the future better; to give back to community; to pledge allegiance to America; and to fulfill life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness that our Founders—imagine Founders putting as a purpose of our Nation the pursuit of happiness. They were so wonderful. Everything we do here has to be to honor the vision of our Founders, to honor the sacrifice of our men and women in uniform and what they do to make America the country that we are, the home of the brave and the land of the free, and also the aspiration of our children. So I reiterate the statement I made earlier: this is about the children. It is about the children. Think of it as CHIP. CHIP is a healthcare program for the children. It is handled dis-cretely. It has broad support. It is not the whole healthcare bill. It is CHIP for the children. This is DREAMers for the children. It is not the whole immigration bill. It is this. It is a confidence-building step, a first step. We go to the next, more complicated step of comprehensive im-migration reform we all know. That is why it is in our legislation that we are beseeching the President—excuse me, well, the President to support, but our Speaker to give us an opportunity to bring to the floor. It recognizes our responsibility to protect our borders. It recognizes our need to be true to who we are and true to our nature in terms of being inspired by these DREAMers and giving them the protections that they should have. So we want that opportunity. Some other colleagues have arrived who have been helping work on this issue. Our distinguished chairman of the House Democratic Caucus, Mr. C
ROWLEY . I think he has been present at every meeting we have had with the large and small DREAMers, friends of DREAMers, and the rest. I thank the gentleman for his leadership. Mr. LEVIN has also been a strong ad-vocate. Coming from Michigan, he brings a heartland perspective to our discussion. I thank Mr. L
EVIN. I thank C
AROLYN MALONEY from New York. Of course, New Yorkers think they own this issue, but so do we in California. But it is a heartland issue as well. So I am very proud of all the Mem-bers who have come here, and also for the work that they have done. There are many others who have been work-ing very hard on this issue when we started our meetings at 8 o’clock this morning, continued in our leaders meeting with Mr. C
ROWLEY and Mr. H
OYER about where we go from here in terms of the budget negotiations that have gone on. As I said earlier, there are many good things in the budget agreement. They have been responsive in a bipartisan way. Again, it is a compromise. I just return to that because some people may not have heard my first state-ment. The budget caps agreement includes many Democratic priorities. With the disaster recovery package and dollar- for-dollar increases in defense and non-defense budget, Democrats have se-cured hundreds of billions of dollars to invest in communities across America. There will be billions in funding to fight opioids and to strengthen our vet-erans. Remember what our priorities were. They were bipartisan priorities that we were fighting for, appealing for: fighting opioids, strengthening our veterans, the National Institutes of Health, to build job-creating rural in-frastructure and broadband, and to fund access to childcare and quality higher education. So it is a good piece of work. This morning we took a measure of our Caucus because the package really does nothing to advance a bipartisan legislation to protect DREAMers in the House. Without a commitment from Speaker Ryan comparable to the com-mitment from Leader M
CCONNELL , this package cannot have my support. How-ever, I am hopeful that we can get that commitment. Let me say about this House of Rep-resentatives, first of all, as far as the Constitution is concerned, we take the oath to protect and defend it. That is our responsibility. Of all the things I thought—I thought I might be hungry, I thought I might be thirsty—I never thought I would get the sniffles from the rug. But I can handle it if you can. Honoring the Constitution of the United States is so important. The first branch, Article I, the legislative branch, we are the first branch of gov-ernment. We are the people’s House in the wisdom of our Founders elected every 2 years to have us constantly ac-countable to our constituents. The Constitution said that appropria-tions bills should begin in the House. So the House sent over a continuing resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.063 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH942 February 7, 2018 
Was that yesterday? It seems like a long time ago now. The Senate is acting upon that by adding to it the compromise that I de-scribed and which I think is a good piece of work. I commend both the leaders, M
ITCH MCCONNELL and C HUCK  S
CHUMER , for their negotiations for which our House Democratic input was a major part. So I associate myself with it. However, the difference between the House and the Senate is that Senator M
ITCH MCCONNELL , the Republican leader in the Senate, was respectful of his members who asked in a bipartisan way for him to bring a bill to the floor, and he will give that opportunity. The chips will fall where they may when they have the debate, but they viewed that opportunity as a fair one. We are asking for the same thing. Now, in our House, our bipartisan bill is further developed. It is the Hurd- Aguilar bill, which, as I said, recog-nizes our responsibility to protect our borders, but also does the job for our DREAMers. It is just a piece of the im-migration bill, but a confidence builder in a bipartisan way, done, again, in a bipartisan way to build unity with transparency. Let’s have the debate on the floor. So why should we be considered the place where appropriations begin, the place where we will have to take a vote on that again, the only place in Amer-ica where you can’t debate the issue? Give us a chance. Give us a vote. Put it all on the floor. Make it queen of the hill. Bring your Goodlatte bill to the floor. Maybe what the Senate comes up with should be on the floor as well. We will see what that is. It is bipartisan. We know that it will be bipartisan. That requires a big vote, a supervote in the Senate, the Hurd- Aguilar bill, which has enough Repub-lican cosponsors and many more sup-porters to justify it being brought to the floor. So what we are asking for is just sim-ply a vote. No guaranty. Just the abil-ity to debate and consider. Queen of the hill, whoever gets the most votes, that is the bill that would prevail in the House of Representatives. If that would be the Senate bill, then that would be the end of it, and that would go to the President. If it is the Hurd- Aguilar, that would go to Conference, as would the Goodlatte bill, should that get the highest number of votes. But I don’t anticipate that would be the case because I don’t think it has bi-partisan support. But, again, have the debate and let the chips fall where they may. So that is why we are here. Since we can’t have that debate, all night, as I was saying my rosaries blessed by the Pope in honor of my mother, I thought: Can we say the Rosary on the floor? Where can we have this debate? M
AXINE ’s bill. We have to be here for M
AXINE ’s bill. I will use my 1 minute— my leadership 1 minute to tell these stories, which they are so much more eloquent than anything any of us can say. But we do not deserve any right, any of us, to say we love DREAMers or any-thing like that unless we have an in-tention of doing something about it. The DREAMers have worked so hard with such dignity over so many years, some of them. They have earned the high regard of the American people. One of the figures that is so over-whelming: 90 percent want the DREAMers to stay, 80 percent with citizenship, and 70 percent of the Re-publicans support the DREAMers. So we are not asking for something off the wall. It is something that is— yes, maybe it is off the wall. Maybe the wall is the issue here, but nonetheless. Life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-piness, again talking about those Founders, a new order for the ages, every generation taking the responsi-bility for making the future better for the next. Every testimony talks about that. Parents are making sacrifices for their children to have a better life, a direct reflection of the American Dream of hope, determination, opti-mism, and faith, faith in God, faith in the future, faith in America, faith in family, faith in the work ethic, and faith in education. All of these testimonies talk about giving back. There is not an ounce of arrogance anyplace. All of them are ap-preciative of what America has given them. Sometimes naming names, other times schools, other times churches, but always understanding that the op-portunities they have are a blessing from our country, and we recognize that they are a blessing to America. With that, we will go on to Ana San-chez. Ana says: ‘‘Like any other bene-ficiary of DACA, I, for once, have been given the opportunity to pursue my dreams by attaining higher education and a job. I am Ana Sanchez, an 18- year-old undocumented student who was brought to this country when I was only 2 years old. Due to living condi-tions of my home country, my parents decided to immigrate to the United States to offer me and my sister a much better education and a brighter future. ‘‘Growing up, I was aware that I was born in Mexico. However, I did not know the effects of being undocu-mented until high school came about. Now that I am older, I realize who I am in the eyes of the government, and it saddens me to know that people believe these misconceptions of us. I mean, ever since we arrived in Texas, my dad has risked his health and life by work-ing under dangerous conditions just to earn enough money to provide food and shelter for my family. b1445 ‘‘When it was announced that DACA would be available for people like me, my family did not think twice; we all knew it was an advantage and a pre-cious opportunity the country had given us. Finally we had been given the chance to prove that we are part of this country’s future and success. Because of DACA, I am able to say I am a part- time student and part-time staff for an after-school program.’’ Ana goes on to say: ‘‘I am two steps closer to becoming a businesswoman and a teacher, and that gives me hope. Sadly, however, the new administration has posed threats that would make my hope and my dreams unreachable. If the permit is taken away, our hard work will become worthless. I want to give back to this country, so I yearn Congress to give me that chance.’’ We thank Ana for her statement. Fidencio Fifield-Perez says: ‘‘A high school teacher told me, ‘Peo-ple like you don’t go to college.’ I was accepted to seven colleges after grad-uating with honors from Emsley A. Laney High School, and I now hold a BFA from Memphis College of Art as well as an MA and MFA from the Uni-versity of Iowa. ‘‘In July 2012, I stood in front of the television with tears rolling down my face as I heard President Obama enact the controversial executive action after the DREAM Act, a bipartisan bill, failed to reach cloture in the Senate. Even through those tears, I knew that my life and the lives of so many others were at risk and that most people would never see this. ‘‘I was the first of my family to grad-uate from high school. Every undocu-mented person I knew, other than my two younger brothers, dropped out ei-ther because it was expected of them or because a high school diploma meant nothing for the jobs to which they ap-plied. I remember being told to get a job that paid under the table and to keep my head down. This was contrary to what my elementary and high school teachers had told me. ‘Work hard, and you too can make something of your life.’ Of course, they were as unaware of my status as I was of the full repercussions that came with it.’’ Everyone was excited to start col-lege, and he goes on to talk about all of that, but it is a similar story about the sacrifices of parents, the sacrifices of parents to take the risk, parents to work hard and encourage education, parents wanting to make the future better for their children. It is a beau-tiful, beautiful story. Julyanna Carvalho Rogers: ‘‘I came to the United States for the first time when I was 11 years old. My younger sister was brought to St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital with leu-kemia.’’ How beautiful. ‘‘We came back 3 years later for her checkup, and we found out she had re-lapsed. My dad was afraid of trying to change our expiring tourist visa in case we had to go back to Brazil and my sis-ter would not be able to receive treat-ment. My sister is now a cancer sur-vivor and would not have been if we had gone back to Brazil. My family left everything behind to save her and give 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.065 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H943 February 7, 2018 
us a better life. Thanks to Obama’s DACA, I was able to work and help pay for my college education. Thanks to Obama, my sister also received health insurance; as a two-time cancer sur-vivor, she needs a lot of care and atten-tion. ‘‘I thought about giving up many times. I’ve always been afraid to tell my story because so many times I’ve felt judgment towards immigrants. I’m no longer afraid, I feel that if everyone shares their story, others will empathize and realize we all have the same story. ‘‘Four years ago, when I felt my low-est, I met my husband. We fell in love right away. We found each other after years of searching. We now have two dogs, and we plan on having kids in the next few years.’’ That sounds like my daughter. She says: You are going to be a grand-parent of a grandpuppy. Okay, thanks. Now we have nine, but our first grand-child was a big dog. ‘‘I’m extremely passionate about helping others, and I currently volun-teer for One Family Memphis, a foun-dation that is building from the ground up. I am looking forward to making a difference in the Memphis community as well as raising my kids to see the light hidden in every darkness.’’ C
AROL SHEA-PORTER is here from New Hampshire, as well as S
USAN DAVIS from California. I thank them for their leadership and being here. Another story from S
HEILA JACKSON  L
EE. Alonso Guillen. 
Last September, Alonso, a Mexican Na-tional and DREAMer, drove more than 100 miles from his home in Lufkin, Texas, to help those trapped by Hurricane Harvey’s flooding in the Houston area. But he and an-other man disappeared after their boat cap-sized in the flood-swollen creek Wednesday, and relatives went back searching for their bodies. He moved to Lufkin at age 14 from across the border in Mexico, graduated from Lufkin High School, and worked in construction. He often organized fundraisers for those in need and masterminded his rescue trip to the Houston area on the fly with friends’ help. When Hurricane Harvey hit, they borrowed a boat and drove South to save strangers. 
How beautiful. Alonzo is survived by his 8-year-old daughter, Mariana. Mariana, you are in our prayers, and we thank you for sharing your father with America and for his sacrifice. How sad. Thank you. D
ONALD PAYNE , Jr.’s State of the Union guest was Juan Lopez from New Jersey. Juan Lopez migrated to the United States from Uruguay at age 2 and was raised in Newark, New Jersey. He was selected for the Rutgers Future Schol-ars program, which is a college pre-paratory mentoring program for select first-generation, low-income, academi-cally promising students from local schools. Lopez is a senior at Newark Science Park High School and plans to attend Rutgers-Newark on a scholarship to study pre-engineering. In anticipation of the State of the Union Address, Lopez issued the fol-lowing message: ‘‘My name is Juan Lopez, and I ar-rived in the United States of America at the young age of 2 years old. I have been living in the United States for over 15 years now.’’ He is 17 now, Mr. Speaker. ‘‘I remember the first time I heard my legal status referred to as illegal alien. I immediately felt as though the term did not fit. Alien means outsider, and I have never felt like one. ‘‘I have lived the entirety of my life in the same place, but I am not ashamed of where I was from. I em-braced the term undocumented and have used it as a propelling force in my own pursuit of greatness.’’ Imagine, his own pursuit of great-ness. You go, you 17-year-old Juan Lopez. ‘‘I am a recipient of the Deferred Ac-tion for Childhood Arrivals, otherwise known as DACA, and it is something I am very proud of. I am a DREAMer, and I will continue to dream whether it is here or wherever the government sends me.’’ Karji Forhit. This is the opening line: ‘‘‘I think you get married after you graduate high school.’ These are words my SAT tutor said to me during my college consultation visit. Halfway through making my college list, he abruptly halted the conversation and, for a moment, my future. He did not think that I was fit for college, despite my top-notch academic record that I maintained since the day I entered pre-kindergarten. The only viable options he saw from all undocumented youths was marriage.’’ ‘‘My name is Karji Forhit, and I am an undocumented immigrant. I was born in India and grew up in the di-verse streets of Jackson Heights’’—in the heights, New York City—‘‘since third grade. I have worked hard not only to help myself, but help those in undocumented communities.’’ He goes on to say: ‘‘My mother decided to move to America because it is where the rains of hard work, sprinkled with luck, equals success. When President Obama created DACA, it gave me the oppor-tunity to attend the University of Notre Dame, where I am pursuing my goal of getting a Ph.D. in economics. DACA allows me to work not only as a research assistant to Professor Jeffrey Bergstrand, but also as a tutor at the Notre Dame writing center. Honing my writing and research skills will not only advance my career, but will also advance the careers of my fellow un-documented peers at Notre Dame. While Notre Dame has provided numer-ous opportunities for its DACA stu-dents, there is still a lot of work to be done. I am the second generation of un-documented students that Notre Dame has publicly accepted. Last summer, I conducted research on medical school admission policies for undocumented students. This research is critical for the campus career services when pro-viding guidance and up-to-date infor-mation for current pre-med majors looking for medical schools that are mostly DACA friendly.’’ Karji Forhit goes on and on and talks about that and the need for doctors in our country. So it is, again, another chance for more doctors. We have talked about health professionals. We have talked about researchers in the healthcare field. We have talked about doctors, dentists. We have talked about grad-uate students and health-related issues and the need for more health profes-sionals in our country to meet the health needs of our country. We hear this coming from these students. Since we were talking here about this, I wanted to just mention we talked about Notre Dame here, but so many of the institutions of higher learning in our country have been so supportive of our DREAMers. The ad-ministrations of these institutions of higher learning have been advocates for the DREAMers. They have tried to accommodate them where possible, ad-vocate for them wherever, and part of what we talked about earlier. Earlier, we talked about Bibles, badges in our law enforcement commu-nity, and the business community. The business community, tied in with the academic community, has been a tre-mendous resource. I particularly want to mention the CEO of IBM. IBM has been so good to its DREAM-ers. They have respected them, given them opportunities, and advocated and brought them to the Capitol, come here with their CEO. It is just really quite remarkable, but I could say that about a large swath of companies in Silicon Valley. Bill Gates has been a champion on this issue. I really give them credit for keeping the prestige of this issue in such a high, high place and making it a priority in their advocacy here and, importantly, in their community. The business com-munity has been spectacular both in terms of small business and corporate America as well. Again, since we have newcomers here, I want to go back to our bishop statement from earlier. I thought it would be useful once again, since we have a new Speaker, to read the state-ment of the U.S. Conference of Catho-lic Bishops. This was their statement on the deci-sion to end DACA and urge Congress to find a legislative solution. That is what we are trying to do today, is find a leg-islative solution, or at least give it a chance to be debated on the floor. The following statement from the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops, President Cardinal Daniel N. DiNardo from Galveston, Houston; along with Vice President Archbishop Jose H. Gomez from Los Angeles; Bishop Joe S. Vasquez from Austin, Texas, who is the chairman of the Committee on Migra-tion; Bishop Joseph J. Tyson from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.066 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH944 February 7, 2018 
Yakima, chairman of the Sub-committee on Pastoral Care of Mi-grants, Refugees, and Travelers says the ‘‘cancelation of the DACA program is reprehensible.’’ The statement follows: ‘‘The cancellation of the DACA pro-gram is reprehensible. It causes unnec-essary fear for DACA youths and their families. These youth entered the U.S. as minors and often know America as their only home. ‘‘The Catholic Church has long watched with pride and admiration as DACA youth live out their daily lives with hope and a determination to flourish and contribute to society: con-tinuing to work and provide for their families, continuing to serve in the military, and continuing to receive an education. ‘‘Now, after months of anxiety and fear about their futures, these brave young people face deportation. This de-cision is unacceptable and does not re-flect who we are as Americans,’’ the bishops said. b1500 They go on to say: ‘‘The Church has recognized and proclaimed the need to welcome young people: ‘Whoever wel-comes one of these’’’—now, this quote is so beautiful, and we should remem-ber it in everything we do. It is in Mark 9:37. ‘‘Whoever welcomes one of these children in my name welcomes me, and whoever welcomes me does not welcome me but the one who sent me.’’ Christ welcoming, we welcome Christ, we welcome God who sent him—so beautiful. The bishop goes on to say: ‘‘Today, our Nation has done the opposite of how Scripture calls us to respond. It is a step back from the progress that we need to make as a country. Today’s ac-tions represent a heartbreaking mo-ment in our history that shows the ab-sence of mercy and good will and a shortsighted vision of the future. DACA users are woven into the fabric of our country and of our Church and are, by every social and human meas-ure, American youth. ‘‘We strongly urge Congress to act and immediately resume work toward a legislative solution. We pledge our support to work on finding an expedi-tious means of protection for DACA youth. . . .’’ ‘‘As people of faith, we say to DACA youth—regardless of your immigration status, you are children of God and welcome in the Catholic Church. The Catholic Church supports you and will advocate for you.’’ That was September 5, 2017. That was the day that the President issued his statement. Now, having worked with the bishops for awhile, for them to have such a de-finitive statement so quickly is pretty remarkable because sometimes it takes a bill longer for their deliberative proc-ess to work, but this came right away. Okay. This is doctors and DREAMers. I mentioned about the need for doctors and the ambition and the vocation that these young people were feeling to-wards becoming doctors, and I read this. The Association of American Med-ical Colleges reports that the Nation’s doctor shortage will rise between 40,000 and 105,000 by the year 2030. Both the American Medical Association and the Association of American Medical Col-leges have warned that ending DACA will exacerbate this physician shortage in the United States, and they have urged Congress to pass legislation to protect DREAMers. Are you listening? Listen to what the AMA said. ‘‘Estimates have shown that the DACA initiatives could help introduce 5,400 previously ineligible physicians into the U.S. healthcare system in the coming decades to help address physi-cian shortages and ensure patient ac-cess to care.’’ Remember, those with DACA status will particularly create care shortages for rural and other underserved areas. Without these physicians, the AMA is concerned that the quality of care pro-vided in these communities will be neg-atively impacted and that patient ac-cess to care will suffer. This is remarkable, and I am glad it will be submitted for the R
ECORD , but I am going to make sure all of our Mem-bers have this. I acknowledged Mr. T
HOMPSON ear-lier. Congresswoman G
RACE NAPOLI -
TANO of California is with us now. We have got J
ACKIE SPEIER , I acknowledge her; J
AMIE RASKIN of Maryland; V AL D
EMINGS , I mentioned earlier. Let me see. A
LMA ADAMS , I recog-nized earlier, too. Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N; B
RENDA LAWRENCE from Michigan, who brings that heartland of America per-spective to it; A
NNKUSTER of New Hampshire. Congresswoman E
DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas is with us as well. Many Members have come and gone, some on more than one occasion, but I acknowledge everyone who has been here already. Anybody new on this side? Okay. So we probably want to hear now about Victor Esparza. Victor Esparza says: ‘‘The day I re-ceived my employment authorization card through President Obama’s DACA program is the day I began to live without fear. The uber-small and not very well-known village of Eau Claire, Michigan, is the place that raised me since I was 7 years old. ‘‘My elementary school teachers never treated me differently because I came from somewhere else and didn’t speak the language at the time, and for that, I loved them. I took pride in doing my best in my high school courses even though I was filled with anxiety for not knowing what would be next in my life after my graduation in the summer of 2008. ‘‘As my former high school peers went off to universities and employ-ment, I went off to live in the shadows, living under the metaphorical shadow referred to as driving without a proper driving permit, as the State you lived in required proof of legal residency when applying for a driver’s license. Driving like this meant risking legal problems when heading out to the gro-cery store if you made a driving mis-take and got caught for it. ‘‘Living in the shadows meant no fi-nancial assistance at your local com-munity college, which pretty much cre-ated an impossible financial barrier be-tween your career dreams and you. In the shadows, you had no options but to work in the same farm as your family. ‘‘And let me tell you, perseverance is a requirement when laboring for below the minimum hourly rate in sweat-in-ducing conditions. This life was my own before DACA, and I may not be in the shadows any longer, but my fami-lies and relatives haven’t escaped yet. ‘‘I have been working as an IT sup-porter and analyst for a midsize drug company for under a year now. This is the best job I ever had, and I don’t say this because my hourly pay has in-creased. I genuinely love what I’m doing now,’’ Victor tells us. ‘‘Unless you know me on a deep level, you would think I was just another 26- year-old with a promising career and not someone plagued by fear of Trump campaign promises. This narrative, I feel, is not only mine. It is owned, shared by hundreds of thousands of others who also have persevered be-cause of DACA. If I could have had a conversation with the President-elect, I would tell him just that, that we have persevered.’’ Thank you, Victor. Senator DURBIN has sent us some more stories. Again, he is our hero in the Senate. He introduced the bill in 2001. He has spent most of his official career with DACA as a priority. He has been a champion for America’s working families. He is about creating jobs, good-paying jobs for the future, about safety in the workplace. He is the person, along with Frank Lautenberg, who got smoking off of airlines. Thank you, as one who trav-els. Last week, I had eight flights in 10 days. I thank Senator D
URBIN for that. He has been a champion in so many, many ways: champion of the National Institutes of Health, of learning from experience in his own daughter’s health, about the need for Biblical power to cure that the National Insti-tutes of Health has and appropriated for. The list of his accomplishments is great, and this is one of them, the DREAMers. So he sent us this story from Cesar Montelongo: Today, I want to tell you about Cesar Montelongo. When Cesar was 10 years old, his family came to the United States from Mexico. He grew up in New Mexico, where his academic prowess was quickly appar-ent. He graduated high school with a grade point average above 4.0, and he was ranked third in his class—third in his class. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.067 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H945 February 7, 2018 
Cesar was a member of the chess, French, Spanish, physics, and science clubs. He even took college courses the last 2 years of high school. Cesar went on to New Mexico State University, where he was a triple major in biology, microbiology, and Spanish, as well as two minors in chemistry and biochemistry. Cesar graduated with distinction in the honors track with a 3.9 GPA. Cesar then earned a master’s degree in biology, with a minor in molecular biology, while also working as a teach-ing assistant. Today, Cesar is the first DACA student enrolled in the M.D.- Ph.D. program at Loyola University— Chicago—Stritch School of Medicine. He is entering his third year of this highly competitive program, and upon completion, he will receive a medical degree and a doctorate degree in science. Cesar is one of the more than 30 DACA recipients at the Stritch School of Medicine, which was the first med-ical school to admit students with DACA status. Thank you, Loyola University Stritch School of Medicine. This began in 2014 when they admitted DACA stu-dents. DACA students do not receive special treatment in the selection process and are not eligible for any Federal finan-cial assistance. Many have committed to working in a medically underserved community in Illinois after graduation. Cesar Montelongo is researching how bladder viruses shape bacteria popu-lations and the potential implications for urinary infections and disease. Wow. He is also a member of the pathology medical group, a Spanish interpreter at a clinic, and a mentor for other med-ical students. When asked what drew him to medi-cine, Cesar says: ‘‘When I was very young, my father became ill and then was bedridden for months. He was the primary breadwinner, and I saw him as our protector. Watching him immo-bilized and screaming in pain impacted my world view. Years later, we found out that my father had suffered from diabetic myopathy and neuropathy. Learning that both his illness and our family suffering could have been pre-vented by education and relatively in-expensive medication was heart-breaking. By that time, it made me re-alize the potential of medicine.’’ Cesar’s dream for the future? To be-come a practicing physician and a sci-entist and to develop new and improved clinical diagnostic tools so that doc-tors can diagnose and treat disease faster. Close to 70 DREAMers are in medical school around the country. But with-out DACA, these DREAMers will not become physicians and they could be deported back to countries where they haven’t lived since they were children. Will America be a stronger country if we deport people like Cesar? I don’t think so. The answer is clear. Remember that AMA statement from earlier about how important this all is. I don’t have it here right now. We now want to talk about William Medeiros: When William was only 6 years old, his family moved to the United States from Brazil. William grew up in the Boston area and then moved to Flor-ida. In high school, he was an honors stu-dent and graduated with a 3.8 GPA. He was also an athlete, playing on his high school’s soccer and football teams. William is now a student at the Uni-versity of Central Florida, where he has a 3.5 GPA. He will graduate in the spring of 2019 with his bachelor’s de-gree in criminal justice. He is also working a full-time job in order to support himself. Because he is a DACA recipient, William is ineligible for any financial aid from the Federal Government. William’s dream? To enlist in the military, and then, after serving his country, to become an officer with his local police department. Thanks to DACA, William is on his way to fulfilling his dream. Last year, he enlisted in the Army through the Medical Accessions Vital to National Interest program, known as MAVNI. And here is a photo of him with his recruiter at the enlistment ceremony. The MAVNI program, as I mentioned earlier, allows immigrants with skills that are vital to the national interest to enroll in the armed services. More than 800 DACA recipients with these critical skills have joined the military through MAVNI just through that pro-gram. Some in the Trump administration claim that DACA is taking jobs away from Americans, but William and hun-dreds of other DREAMers have vital skills that our military couldn’t find elsewhere. William, along with other DREAMers, is waiting to ship out to basic training. He continues his under-graduate studies and working full- time, waiting his chance to serve the country he loves. William wrote this letter: ‘‘My desire to serve this Nation and help people, to pay back my dues for everything I re-ceived from this great country, and to lead by example by showing my fellow DACA members that anything is pos-sible with hard work, perseverance, and dedication.’’ William Medeiros and other DREAM-ers have so much to contribute to our country, but without the Dream Act, William and hundreds of other immi-grants with skills that are vital to our national interests will be kicked out of the Army. They want nothing more than to serve, and they are willing to die for the country they call home. Instead, they could be deported back to coun-tries they haven’t lived in since they were children. Will America be stronger if we deport William and people like him who want to stay here and serve in the armed services? I think the answer is quite clear. No, we won’t be strong. Today, again, I want to tell you about Ximena Magana. When Ximena was 9 years old, her family came to the United States from Mexico City. She was raised in the city of Houston. We have a lot of Houston folks. J
ERRY MCNERNEY , I acknowledged him earlier, and thank him for being here. Mr. M
CGOVERN , I acknowledged him earlier. Mr. G
RIJALVA , RAUL GRIJALVA , who has been really an outstanding leader on this subject, has joined us, but he has been with us in every meeting today on the subject. I thank R
AULfor joining us here. I acknowledged her earlier, Congress-woman N
YDIA VELA´ZQUEZ , the fact that she was the chair of the Spanish Cau-cus the year when we passed the DREAM Act in the House of Represent-atives. And as I acknowledged earlier, Sen-ator D
URBIN was the author in the Sen-ate. It got a majority of the votes, but not 60. So I thank those two leaders once again. b1515 Ximena was 9 years old when her family came to the United States from Mexico City. She was raised in the city of Houston and lives there today. In high school, Ximena served in the United States Army’s Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corp, known as the Junior ROTC program. Under her lead-ership, Ximena’s battalion was named the best battalion in the Houston Inde-pendent School District. Ximena also serves as captain of her high soccer team and a regular volun-teer at the Houston Food Bank. A real leader, Ximena is majoring in commu-nications at the University of Houston. She has interned with United States Representative S
HEILA JACKSON LEE and City Council Member Robert Gallegos. Due to Ximena’s community service, she was asked by the mayor of Houston to serve as the youngest mem-ber of the Mayor’s Hispanic Advisory Board. She is the first DACA recipient to serve on the board. Last week, in the aftermath of Hurri-cane Harvey, Ximena stepped in to help her community just like she has al-ways done. She volunteered at shelters helping people with FEMA and Red Cross applications. She was joined by many other DACA recipients. It is a stunning story of DACA recipients helping after Hurricane Harvey. Ximena wrote me a letter—this is from Senator D
URBIN . She asked for only one thing: for President Trump to come visit the Houston DACA volun-teers, to meet these heroes, to look in their eyes, hear their stories before de-porting them to countries they barely know. Ximena and other dreamers have so much to contribute to our country. Again, I ask the country: Will America be stronger if we deported Ximena? I don’t think so. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.069 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH946 February 7, 2018 
Cristina Velasquez—no relation to Congresswoman V
ELA´ZQUEZ . Today I want to tell you about Cristina Velasquez. When Cristina was 6 years old, her family came to the United States from Caracas, Venezuela. She went to elementary school in Madison, Wisconsin. Cristina wrote this letter. In it, she talked about her childhood, and she said: ‘‘I spent my formative childhood years in the Midwest, where I learned to assimilate and learn the values that this country was founded on. The salt- of-the-earth quality of the people around me and extraordinary kindness between strangers shaped my own val-ues and attitude towards others. Grow-ing up in Madison taught me a great deal about compassion, patience, and hard work.’’ Cristina was an outstanding student. In high school, she was a member of the National Honor Society—you have heard that over and over and over again, the National Honor Society— and she also was elected as vice presi-dent of her class and manager of the track team. She also found time to vol-unteer. I love the way kids are so top-notch, academically, participate in athletics and the rest, and in their spare time work at the local camp for pre-K stu-dents or the food bank or whatever it is. Cristina graduated with honors from Miami Dade College. She is currently a student at Georgetown University, ma-joring in international law, institu-tions and ethics. She received the President’s Volunteer Service Award 2 years in a row and is a Walsh Scholar. And as a Hoya mom and Hoya wife and Hoya grandmother, I can tell you, being a Walsh Scholar at Georgetown, that is a very big deal. During her time at Georgetown, Cristina has interned at the U.S. House of Representatives and piloted a col-lege mentorship program at a local high school. In addition to this, she finds time to work two part-time jobs. How many hours do you have in a day, Cristina? She has also dedicated two of her un-dergraduate summers during the school year to volunteer as a teacher in Miami and in San Francisco. In both these positions, she works with high-achieving, low-income stu-dents providing support for their path to college. You see, Cristina’s dream is to be a teacher. She will graduate from Georgetown soon. She has been accepted to Teach For America, a national nonprofit or-ganization that places Talent Regents graduates in urban and rural schools. Teach For America has 190 teachers who are DACA DREAMers and are teaching our children across the coun-try. Is that beautiful? In any event, Cristina is scheduled to start the program next summer and start teaching next fall, but without DACA or the Dream Act, Cristina and 190 other teachers will be forced to leave their students behind. Again, will America be stronger? I don’t think so. Jesus Contreras: Jesus was only 6 years old when he was brought to the United States from Mexico by his mother, who sought safety from vio-lence. He grew up in Houston. After graduating from high school as a top student, Jesus obtained DACA. This enabled him to pursue his dream of becoming a paramedic. Jesus at-tended Lone Star College in Houston and earned his paramedic certification. Today, Jesus is 23 years old. He works as a paramedic in the Montgomery County Hospital District. Through Hurricane Harvey, Jesus Contreras worked six straight days res-cuing people from flood areas. He helped people who needed dialysis or insulin. He took flood victims to local hospitals. Afterward, he would stop at home for a quick shower before heading to his local church to volunteer, help-ing flood victims with their medical needs. Jesus sent this letter, and it says: ‘‘Houston is my home, and these are my people. I love my career. It has given me the opportunity to help peo-ple in ways I never imagined I could. DACA means everything to me. I would lose my license and certifications with-out it. I would be sent back to a coun-try I don’t know and would lose every-thing.’’ Jesus and other DREAMers have so much to contribute to our country. But without DACA, Jesus couldn’t have worked to protect his community through Hurricane Harvey, and he could be deported back to Mexico, where he hasn’t lived since he was 6 years old. Will America be stronger if he goes away? I don’t think so, no. We have another Georgetowner here: Luis Gonzalez. When Luis was 8 years old, his family came to the United States from Mexico. Luis had a dif-ficult childhood in Santa Ana, Cali-fornia. After his parents separated, he lived with his mother in a car garage for several years. Then, after his moth-er remarried, Luis lived with an abu-sive stepfather. But Luis overcame these cir-cumstances and became an excellent student. He graduated high school in the top 1 percent of his class—now that is a 1 percent we like to talk about— with a 4.69 GPA, and he passed all nine advanced placement exams that he took. Luis was also very involved in extra-curricular and volunteer activities. He was the secretary of the school’s—here it is again—National Honor Society chapter. Luis helped organize an anti- bullying campaign at a local elemen-tary school. He created a mentorship program to help incoming freshmen at his high school. On Saturdays, instead of relaxing, he volunteered to tutor other students in math—on Saturdays, every Saturday— and he volunteered to help a teacher at a local elementary school. Luis was also very active in his church. Every Sunday, he translated the pastor’s sermon into English for those who didn’t speak Spanish. And he cleaned up the church before and after Sunday service. Because of his outstanding record in high school, Luis was admitted to Georgetown University. He is currently a sophomore and majoring in American studies and minoring in government. Luis continues to use his spare time—really—to give back to the com-munity. He is a member of the Pro-vost’s Committee for Diversity. He is the co-chair of the Hoya Saxa Week-end, a program that brings students from underrepresented communities to visit Georgetown. And Luis is a leader of Stride for College, a program that mentors students at local inner-city high schools. Luis’ dream is to be a high school teacher, which is not surprising, given the strong commitment he has already shown to helping young people. Luis wrote in his letter: ‘‘DACA gave me the confidence and the security I had not had before. I lived in fear and in the shadows. Thanks to DACA, how-ever, I have been able to do things I otherwise wouldn’t be able to do, like traveling through an airport or work-ing on a campus. I’ve always felt that I am an American, but having DACA allowed me to stop living in constant fear and uncertainty. Now these fears have come back again.’’ Will America be stronger if we deport Luis Gonzalez if he stays here and be-comes a high school teacher? I think that the answer is obvious. Now, on this subject of Georgetown and English, his second language, and translating into English for those who don’t speak Spanish. He cleaned up the church before and after Sunday service. The thing about the church that is in-teresting, I just recently—and I won’t read it again right now, but the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops’ statement I read from His Holiness about immigrants when he was here in the Capitol—but I also mentioned Dr. Sam Rodriguez and other leaders in the evangelical community who have been so outspoken on protecting our DREAMers. I know we all go to church services every week. I mean, that is what I hear. I go to a lot of different places be-cause I travel around the country. And more and more around the country, and in my own community in Cali-fornia, more and more of our parish-ioners are from the Philippines or from Latin America. So a lot of the future of the church—by the way, in one of the churches I go to in California, our pas-tor was from Nigeria. In my church in San Francisco, one of our priests was from the Philippines. The idea of pa-rishioners being more diverse is also the clergy being more diverse. So when we talk about faith and building faith and strong faith in our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.070 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H947 February 7, 2018 
country, recognize how faith-filled so many of these families are who come to our country. Again, our motto is ‘‘In God We Trust.’’ It is wonderful to see their faith in God, their faith in Amer-ica, their faith in the future, their fair in themselves, their faith in their fami-lies, and their faith that gives them hope, the faith in the goodness of oth-ers, as I said, hope, sitting right there between faith and charity. So just, again, that spark of divinity that we all have, we have to act upon. We will talk about Benita Veliz. Benita was brought to the United States by her parents when she was only 8. She graduated as the valedic-torian of her high school class at the age of 16. She received a full scholar-ship to St. Mary’s University. She graduated from the honors program with a double major in biology and so-ciology. Her honors thesis was on the Dream Act. She wrote: ‘‘I can’t wait to be able to give back to the community that has given me so much. I was recently asked to sing the national anthem for both the United States and Mexico at a Cinco de Mayo community assembly. Without missing a beat, I quickly belt-ed out the Star Spangled Banner. I then realized that I had no idea how to sing the Mexican national anthem. I am American. My dream is American. It is time to make our dreams a re-ality. It is time to pass the Dream Act.’’ We have some photos. This is Javier Cuan-Martinez. Javier was only 4 years old when his family brought him to the United States from Mexico. Javier went to elementary school in Texas, and then moved to Temecula, California. Javier was an excellent student, who was very involved in extracurricular and volunteer activities as the member of the National Honor Society and was named Riverside County’s Student of the Month. He also received an award from the College Board’s National Hispanic Rec-ognition Program, which is given to only 5,000 of the 250,000 Hispanic stu-dents who take the test. Javier was a member of the math club and a drum major in the school’s marching band. He volunteers in his town’s soup kitchen for the homeless, and received the President of the United States Volunteer Service Award. Javier didn’t know he was undocu-mented until he was applying for col-lege and learned that he was ineligible for Federal financial assistance. Thanks to his academic achievements, Javier was accepted at Harvard Univer-sity. He is now majoring in computer science. He is also a member of the Harvard Computer Society and Har-vard’s marching band. Thanks to DACA, Javier is supporting himself by working as a web developer. Javier sent his letter. He wrote: ‘‘DACA doesn’t give me an advantage. Rather, it gives me the opportunity to create my own future on the same grounds as any other student. I would like to be judged upon my qualities as a person than what papers I happen to have in my hand. I hope to be a com-puter programmer and begin earning my living as a contributing member of America’s society.’’ Consider this: every year, thousands of foreign computer programmers come to the United States as temporary guest workers under H–1B visas. It makes no sense to deport a homegrown talent, like Javier, when American companies are importing foreign com-puter specialists. Javier and other DREAMers have so much to contribute to our country. God bless you, Javier. This is a story from T
ERRI SEWELL . Mr. Speaker, I thank T
ERRI SEWELL  for joining us. T
ERRI brings this story of a DREAM-er from Alabama. Fernanda Herrera said: ‘‘I came to the U.S. when I was 2
1⁄2 and grew up in Gadsden, Alabama, where I attended Gadsden City High School and played the flute in the band, serving as a section leader for 2 years. b1530 ‘‘I moved to Birmingham in 2013 to attend Samford University as an honor student majoring in International Re-lations. I graduated this past May, with thousands out in loans for my de-gree and am hoping to attend law school. ‘‘My parents and U.S.-born little brother live in Ragland, where they own a small Mexican restaurant under my name since I am the only person of age and with a Social Security num-ber.’’ They own it under that. ‘‘I recently had a car wreck that put me $40,000 further into debt. If DACA is taken away, I will not be able to work to pay back my loans, my hospital debt, my car payments, or my debt from helping my parents with their restaurant. Without a clean Dream Act, my U.S. citizen brother is forced to choose between having his sister or his parents here.’’ Oh, we do have a picture here. How lovely. How cute the little brother is. How lovely. I thank T
ERRI SEWELL for that and thank her for her extraordinary leader-ship from Alabama about a DREAMer. The DREAMers are all over our coun-try, Mr. Speaker. They are a blessing so across the board. From the heartland of America, we have many from Michigan, from Illi-nois, from Alabama, of course Texas heartland as well, but it is also a bor-der State. Lara Alvarado was 8 years old. Her family brought her to the United States from Mexico. She grew up in Chicago, Illinois. In high school, Lara was an excellent student and was in-volved in many extracurricular and volunteer activities. She was a member of the National Honor Society—the Na-tional Honor Society, the resounding theme of all of this, a member of the National Honor Society. She played soccer, tennis, and bas-ketball, and she was a member of the student government, the school news-paper, the chess club and the yearbook club. Lara went to Northeastern Illinois University. In college, she worked two jobs to pay for her college tuition. Keep in mind, she is ineligible for Fed-eral financial assistance because of her immigration status. In 2006, Lara grad-uated with honors with a major in jus-tice studies; but then she was stuck. Lara wanted to become a lawyer but was unable to pursue this dream, Mr. Speaker, because she was undocu-mented. Six long years later, in 2012, Presi-dent Obama established DACA, and Lara’s life changed. In 2013, Lara re-ceived DACA and enrolled in law school at Southern Illinois University. In law school, Lara won the moot court com-petition. She won the moot court com-petition—how about that—and was se-lected for the Order of Barristers, a legal honor society. This spring, 10 years after she grad-uated from college, Lara received her law degree. Over the summer, she passed her bar exam; and just last month, Lara received her Illinois law license, which she is proudly holding in this picture. You see, Lara never gave up on her dream of becoming a lawyer, and thanks to DACA and her hard work, this dream has become a reality. Now Lara is planning a career in public in-terest law. She says: ‘‘I would like to be of service to others.’’ In her letter, she says: ‘‘DACA has opened the door.’’ I keep hearing that theme: open the door, open the door. Let the Speaker please open the door so we can have that debate here, as MITCH MCCONNELL  has done in the Senate. Lara writes: ‘‘DACA has opened the door to possibilities that were beyond my reach. DACA represents a better life and the opportunity to achieve the American Dream. DACA has given me the freedom to live without fear. I now have the confidence to know that my hard work, dedication, and achieve-ments can be recognized. I will con-tinue to work hard and lead by the ex-ample of what I can accomplish if given the opportunity.’’ Lara and other DREAMers have so much to contribute to our country. Will America be a stronger country if we deport Lara? I don’t think so. This is from Representative E
NGEL  from New York; it is one of his con-stituents. ‘‘My name is Diana, a constituent of yours from Yonkers, New York. I am a DACA recipient who is currently in limbo not knowing what my future holds. I was able to obtain a driver’s li-cense and put myself through tech school where I obtained my EMT li-cense. I also obtained phlebotomy and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:18 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.072 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH948 February 7, 2018 
EKG certifications, which have cer-tified me to work in the emergency room. If Congress approves a path to citizenship, I would be able to accom-plish so much more to give back to my family and community. I love what I am doing and do not want to lose all that I have worked for. Thank you for taking the time to read my message. Sincerely, Diana.’’ Another from Congressman E
NGEL , a constituent. ‘‘My name is Justa, from the Bronx, New York. I applied for DACA in July after finding out from an ICE officer that I had 60 days to leave the country or face deportation. I am also about to lose my job because I have not received my new EAD card. DACA is my only hope.’’ Elizabeth, again from E
LIOT ENGEL , from Yonkers. She writes to Congress: ‘‘I am contacting you because I sub-mitted my initial DACA application earlier in 2017 and completed my bio-metrics in April. I have yet to receive any other guidance. I humbly ask if there’s any way that you can help me out. I am absolutely heartbroken and in deep emotional stress because of ev-erything that is going on at the mo-ment with DACA. I have two children in 4th and 6th grades. I would not be able to imagine my life without them. I arrived in the U.S. when I was 9 months old and am now 28. I have called USCIS, and the only information they provided was the one already on their website. I just asked if it was pos-sible to request an inquiry, and they said it wouldn’t be possible. I just had to wait.’’ Another one, Stephanie. Stephanie is the girlfriend of an unnamed DREAMer in E
LIOT ENGEL ’s district. ‘‘I write to you today about DACA. My boyfriend is a DACA recipient. He is a building engineer who lives in New Rochelle, New York. He is a high school graduate and has his associate’s degree. He has no criminal record. He pays taxes yet reaps none of the benefits available to citizens, welfare, Social Security, et cetera. He is a good person from a good family. I am terrified that Congress will not be able to come to an agree-ment over DACA and his safety will hang in the balance; that he could be sent back to a country he barely knows. I understand that you are against the decision to end DACA, but I beg you, please do not party lines and bargaining chips get in the way of fix-ing this. Do whatever is necessary. This has been a horrible day, but, in 6 months, it could get so much worse.’’ I thank E
LIOT ENGEL for giving us those stories from his district. This is from Barbara. In 2002, when Barbara was 5 years old, her family brought her to the United States from Mexico. Barbara grew up in Phoenix, Arizona, and she knew she would face challenges because she was a DREAM-er. Her older sister had been accepted at a State university but could not afford to attend. As an undocumented immi-grant, she is not eligible for Federal fi-nancial assistance, and Arizona law prohibits State financial assistance to DREAMers like Barbara and her sister. During her freshman year in high school, the mentor told her that, as a DREAMer: ‘‘You’re going to have to try harder than everyone else.’’ She says: ‘‘Those words confirmed what I had known all along. Although I was only starting high school, I began to dread what most students anticipate with excitement, graduation day. What if I got into my dream school, but I couldn’t go because I couldn’t afford it?’’ In high school, Barbara was an excel-lent student and was involved in many extracurricular and volunteer activi-ties. She was a member of the Aca-demic Decathlon team for 4 years and was a team captain during her senior year. She was a member of the student government, the yearbook club, the homecoming court; she volunteered to tutor middle school students and worked part-time to save money for her education. Barbara also participated in a num-ber of programs at Arizona State Uni-versity, including the Walter Cronkite journalism institute. She recorded a story about her life, and it was aired around the country on National Public Radio. This experience sparked her in-terest in journalism and led to an in-ternship at KJZZ, the Phoenix affiliate of National Public Radio. Last year, Barbara graduated as val-edictorian of her high school with a 4.5 GPA. As a result of her accomplish-ments, Barbara was accepted at Dart-mouth College, an Ivy League school, where she is now a sophomore—a great Ivy League school. Barbara writes: ‘‘I’m very grateful for DACA allowing me to work and not be deported to a country I didn’t know and have not been since I was 5. Just like thousands of other undocumented students, I have grown and become ac-customed to the culture here; this is where I belong. I want to be a contrib-uting member of society, as I have proven in my 13 years.’’ As we know, Barbara and DREAMers have so much to contribute to our country. We have a little boy here, Aciel. He was a 5-year-old boy. His family brought him to the United States from Mexico. He grew up on the north side of Chicago. We have got a lot of Chicago, a lot of New Jersey here. Aciel was a bright child, but when he learned that he was undocumented, his life took a downturn. He was failing his classes and dropped out of high school for 6 months. He wrote: ‘‘I felt that because of my status I had no future. As a result, my grades and attendance plummeted, and I struggled to do anything productive.’’ Then, in 2012, President Obama an-nounced DACA and everything changed for him. Here is how Aciel explained it. ‘‘DACA meant I had a future worth fighting for and, because of that, I re-turned to school and reignited my pas-sion for studying. Because of DACA, I want to do whatever I can to con-tribute to my country.’’ In his senior year in high school, he turned his life around; he improved his grades; very active in the community, head of the school fundraising com-mittee, and volunteered with the men-toring program. He also worked full time to support himself and his family. He is in his sophomore year in Hon-ors College at the University of Illinois in Chicago. He has a double major in psychology and political science. He has a perfect 4.0 grade point average. He is involved with student govern-ment, and leads a recreational bike club. Every week, he delivers food from the college dining hall to a homeless shel-ter. He mentors middle school stu-dents. He is a part-time security guard at local events. He dreams of working in Chicago city government. He gives hope to people who need it to turn their lives around. Now he wants to give back to the city and country he loves. I do note that we will have an oppor-tunity to hear from the Vice President. Do we have to have the vote here first before Members can go—the floor vote will occur soon after I yield back. I have no intention of yielding back, Mr. Speaker. I have a lot more. Do we know yet if there is any possi-bility of a Special Order later? We asked about 3 hours ago. There are other Members to participate. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HARPER ). The gentlewoman from Cali-fornia is free to consult with leadership on that issue. Ms. PELOSI. Well, that is what we asked earlier, and we had made that overture but never did get an answer back. We have been joined by Congress-woman J
UDYCHUwho, as I mentioned earlier, is the chair of the Congres-sional Asian Pacific American Caucus, a leader fighting for family fairness and the issue of family unification in any of our immigration discussions; Congresswoman N
ITALOWEY , our rank-ing member on appropriations and real-ly central to all the discussion this is about, about the appropriations bill that will come back from the Senate. It will come back from the Senate with a promise from their leader, M
ITCH MCCONNELL , that we would— that they, in the Senate, would have a vote on a DREAMers bill to be debated, and the chips will fall where they may. We are simply asking the Speaker for the same opportunity. So I thank Mrs. L
OWEY for her lead-ership. Congresswoman R
OYBAL - A
LLARD , as I mentioned earlier, was the original—I called her the god-mother—of the DREAM Act. She had the original bill, and then she joined with Senator D
URBIN in advancing it in 2001. Congressman H
AKEEM JEFFRIES , part of our communications group on this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.074 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H949 February 7, 2018 
and other subjects, I thank H AKEEM  J
EFFRIES from New York. Congressman G
ONZALEZ from Texas who knows firsthand the border, the challenges that we face; Congressman J
OE KENNEDY from Massachusetts, again, a strong supporter, mentioned again in his response to the President. I mentioned A
DAM SCHIFF earlier about his being involved in our discus-sions and our earlier meetings today on the subject; and Congresswoman H
ANABUSA from Hawaii, of course, very involved in this issue, as you would suspect. So I thank so many of our colleagues for joining here on the floor. I don’t know if they have—I have so many more, but I didn’t know if they had any. These are from my colleagues. This is my stack, but these are from my colleagues; so I will go to those. From Congresswoman L
OWEY , this is a letter from a DREAMer to Congress-woman N
ITALOWEY . ‘‘I want to thank you for your support of DACA. I know you are doing all you can to fight heartless legislation and initiatives that would deport a potential 800,000 young people. I am 28 years old, and I am one of the DREAMers, having come to America from El Salvador when I was 15 years old. ‘‘I attended school in Ramapo, New York, and now make my home with my wife in Pearl River. Life in El Sal-vador, where I was born, was dangerous and brutal, which is why my father moved us to America in 2005.’’ And this is a story we have heard over and over. ‘‘I am grateful every day for all the opportunities presented to me here. I currently work as a technology spe-cialist at Apple and feel it is so impor-tant to continue achieving, setting goals, and giving back to my commu-nity.’’ b1545 ‘‘It would break my heart to lose my home and life here in New York. ‘‘The prognosis on DACA seems to be changing daily, adding to growing un-certainty. My status expires in Novem-ber. ‘‘What will my future be? ‘‘I am reaching out to you to ask if I could meet with you at one of your local offices to discuss DACA. ‘‘My employer has offered support and legal assistance. . . .’’ That is from Hugo Alexander Acosta Mazariego. And as I said earlier, our business community has been superlative in all of this. Representative T
ORRES sent a story from Leydy Rangel: ‘‘My name is Leydy Rangel, and I have lived in the United States since I was 8. I am now 22. In June, I graduated from Cal Poly Pomona, where I earned a degree in journalism. I have always known I am undocumented because I remember the first day of elementary school and how kids pointed out my brown skin so much.’’ I told you my story about that be-fore. Leydy says: ‘‘I know that my parents moving to the States was extremely horrifying and leaving everything be-hind was difficult, but it makes me feel better knowing that my future here was brighter than the one I could’ve ever had in Mexico. ‘‘Regardless of not having enough food on the table, not having help on my homework, not having any re-sources to help me apply to college, I managed and got accepted to college and moved hours away from home with the purpose of bettering myself and my family.’’ This is really the American Dream story over and over again. She references when DACA was cre-ated, she had stability, if only tempo-rarily, in America, the only country she knows. By repealing DACA, her hopes and aspirations were forced into another place. Leydy says: ‘‘I do not have any clear memories of Mexico, and I do not know anyone in Mexico. My entire life is in the United States. Here is where I have made my life for myself, and taking that away from me is inhumane. This Nation is the only one that I aspire to contribute to and the only one I belong to.’’ Graciela Nunez is a 22-year-old stu-dent, a Washington graduate, who works at a humanitarian law firm. She is a driven person with a desire to give back, and she has big ambitions for the future. She is also a DREAMer and DACA recipient who was born in Ven-ezuela. When Graciela was 7 years old, her parents moved. They told her that her family was going to the U.S. to visit Disney World on a short vacation. Only as she got off the plane did she realize that she was not going back to Ven-ezuela. They were fleeing the Chavez regime, and they were in the United States to stay. This is the only country Graciela knows. She, like 1.8 million other DREAMers in this country, has built her life here. She is as American as it gets. A piece of paper could not negate her participation in all of the things that make this country great. Graciela feels little connection to Venezuela. She doesn’t know how many Presidents that country has had. She is unfamiliar with the geography, but she has got a 5 in AP U.S. history and she can talk about the documents that built this Nation with more detail than any of us. In Graciela’s words, she has been liv-ing under constant heightened stress because of the fate of DACA. And we know what that program is about. Graciela says DACA has let people know that undocumented youth have potential. It gives them upward social mobility and a way out. It allows DREAMers to do exactly what their name implies: to dream for a better life and to not let paper limit potential. J
IMMY PANETTA has sent us a story from Katherine from Salinas. I men-tioned JIMMY earlier and his work in trying to find a bipartisan solution. Katherine says: ‘‘I’m very grateful for all the things this country has done for me, but I think it’s not their turn to see what I have done for them, to see everything that I’ve accomplished: the awards, the high GPAs, and all the amazing people that are DACA recipi-ents. The process you have to go through and the strictness to obtain DACA is so hard. If you have just a lit-tle detail on your record, that’s it, you’re out. ‘‘We’re some of America’s best. And I want to know why they are taking this away from us. ‘‘Why don’t you want us here? Don’t you want people with degrees? Don’t you want people with cool internships and cool jobs? Why don’t you want me here? ‘‘Our parents are original DREAMers, and we’re here trying to accomplish their dreams. Please be able to see that for yourselves.’’ So this is that same thing about par-ents. Mr. H
OYER has a story from Ivy Teng Lei, a Chinese American DACA recipi-ent raised in Manhattan’s Chinatown. She is the youngest of three and be-came the second to graduate college in her family from Baruch College. Today, she continues to devote her free time to empowering underserved com-munities. She chairs the Professional Leadership Council on Asian American Federation, hosts seminars and work-shops on professional and cultural en-gagement activities. She is now an independent consultant for small busi-ness, nonprofits, and immigrant orga-nizations. She just devotes so much of her free time to empowering under-served communities. Ivy Teng Lei’s story is just what this country needs. I thank Mr. H
OYER for referring her to us. She is a Chinese American. Jung Bin Cho’s family emigrated to the United States in 2001 from South Korea. They decided to leave to attain the American Dream for their children. He enrolled in first grade in Virginia, and, in 2016, proudly graduated from Virginia Tech. Jung Cho says: ‘‘The U.S. is the only home I know. Because of DACA, I worked and could save money to help pay for college. Where I live in North-ern Virginia, you need a car to get any-where. Because of DACA, I can drive, giving my family rides or to study.’’ Anyway, these are all just very per-sonal stories about the struggles, the obstacles, but the optimism, the deter-mination, and the hope that all of these people have. Isn’t that what America is about? America is about op-timism and hope. This one is from Representative E
STY about Carolina Bortolleto. She had other testimony earlier. E
LIZABETH  E
STY from Connecticut has been a champion on this issue, and she sends this other testimony. Carolina says: ‘‘I was born in Brazil and moved to the U.S. with my family 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.076 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH950 February 7, 2018 
and my twin sister when I was 9 years old. I came to Connecticut. I knew I was undocumented, and so I’d face a tougher path to college, but I made the decision to keep fighting. ‘‘I was able to graduate in top 5 per-cent of my class and got a scholarship to Western Connecticut State Univer-sity, where I graduated in 2010 with a degree in biology. In 2010, I cofounded a local organization working for the rights of undocumented students in Connecticut. ‘‘I was able to buy my first car and obtain a driver’s license. At the end of 2014, I suffered a severe medical emer-gency and spent 8 months in the hos-pital. But due to DACA, I was able to get a job that offered health insurance with the national organization United We Dream.’’ Here we are again with United We Dream. Carolina says: ‘‘Now my DACA ex-pires on March 2019, and, with it, I will lose my health insurance that I need to live.’’ Again, these stories go on and on. I think, really, the point is that these young people have accomplished things that I think many of us would not have been able to accomplish. Perhaps some. I give everyone credit for obstacles they have overcome. But if you have all of the obstacles of economic dis-advantage, plus being undocumented, uncertainty in your family, and all the emotional unrest that that causes, and to see them in the National Honor So-ciety, the top 1 percent, the top 10 per-cent, the top 5 percent of their classes, giving back, volunteering over and over again in their communities, these are the best of the best. They are so fabulous. Again, their parents were so coura-geous. They had a dream for their chil-dren, and some of these children are now reflecting that they are living their parents’ dream for them. And that is what America has always been about. Mr. Speaker, I have plenty more sto-ries to tell. Some of them submitted by our colleagues, but I know that there is supposed to be a vote sometime soon. Is that correct? Or can we just go on? Mr. Speaker, may I ask what the order of things is here? Do I have just time to go on and on? Or is there a vote being called? Or what? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
ICE of South Carolina). The House is cur-rently considering H.R. 1153. Ms. PELOSI. Aldo Solano was at the State of the Union address. He was the guest of Congressman E
ARL BLU-
MENAUER . Aldo moved from Mexico when he was 6. He grew up in one of the Farmworker Housing Development Corporation’s affordable housing com-munities in Woodburn, Oregon. At 15, he started volunteering at FHDC’s afterschool program and later interned for its Funds Development Depart-ment, creating his pathway to a career in community development and a pas-sion for social equity. After graduating from Woodburn High School, Aldo became a DACA re-cipient. He has extensive experience with electoral and community-based organizing in areas of farmworkers’ rights, immigrants’ rights, youth em-ployment, and education. Aldo currently serves as the policy director for the Oregon Latino Health Coalition, where he is part of a team that helped pass State legislation that extends health coverage to undocu-mented children in Oregon. God bless you for that, Aldo. We have been joined by Congressman ERICSWALWELL from California, and we thank him for his leadership on this very important issue working with the Future Forum, visiting with DREAM-ers all over the country. Also, K
EITH ELLISON joined us, who I referenced earlier his testimony from his constituent in Minnesota as well. Mr. H
OYER has another testimony from Chirayu Patel, an Indian Amer-ican who arrived here when he was 11 years old. For 23 years he has lived here. He was from Gujarat. Isn’t that where the Prime Minister is from in India? Chirayu has spent years and thou-sands of dollars to resolve our status. He says: ‘‘However, due to incorrect fil-ing by a notary that took advantage of my father’s lack of knowledge about U.S. immigration process, our current lawyer has said that there is simply no way for us to get right with the law un-less there is a change in law by the Congress.’’ Again, I won’t read the whole state-ment, but Chirayu says: ‘‘Over the years, our family has built a life here and given back to the only country we know as home. My parents have paid income taxes, property taxes, and even business taxes. I was also the first per-son in my family to graduate from col-lege. The introduction of DACA in 2012 was a consequential day for me. ‘‘The President’s decision to rescind the DACA program was a punch in the gut, and I felt the floor disappear under my feet.’’ Chirayu says: 
After 23 years, my life may be destroyed overnight. I continue to raise awareness on this issue by sharing our stories and asking our families, friends, and neighbors to con-tinue pushing Congress. In return, we hope that Congress can deliver. 
I thank Mr. H OYER for submitting that. Mr. S
WALWELL ’s testimony is from Jose from Hayward, California. He came to the United States as a child from Mexico. He has only pledged alle-giance to the United States of Amer-ica. He is headed to college soon and wants to be a police officer in the only country he has called home. Thank you, Mr. S
WALWELL , for bring-ing that to our attention. Valentina Garcia Gonzalez was only 6 years old when her family brought her to the United States from Uruguay. She grew up in the suburbs of Atlanta, Georgia. She was a bright child and learned English after a few months of college. Valentina says: ‘‘After that, I became my parents’ right hand. Every-thing and anything that involved speaking to the outside world meant I was in the front translating and rep-resenting my parents. It was a lot of responsibility for a young undocu-mented kid.’’ In addition to this responsibility, Valentina was an excellent student. She received the President’s Education Award twice, once from President Bush and once from President Obama. In high school, she was an honors grad-uate in advanced placement, a leader in student government, a member of the Beta Club. Somehow Valentina found time to be the president of the school’s environ-mental group and manager of the var-sity basketball team. They have so many hours in a day, these DREAMers. She was a very ac-complished student, but Georgia State law bans undocumenteds from attend-ing the State’s top public universities. As a result, Valentina applied and was accepted to Dartmouth College in Han-over, New Hampshire. Congratulations, Valentina. She is now a sophomore there. To help pay her tuition, she works as a projectionist at a theater, as an un-documented student. She still finds time to volunteer and mentor children. In her letter, she wrote: ‘‘I am be-yond grateful because, by receiving DACA, the U.S. has given me an oppor-tunity to give back to this country that has given me so much. This is my country. I have worked hard to prove myself worthy in the eyes of my Amer-ican counterparts, and knowing that I am in a weird limbo in regards to my legal status doesn’t make me sleep any easier. My name is registered with the government, so I might be deported if they decide to end DACA.’’ It would be so sad if she were de-ported back to Uruguay, a country where she hasn’t lived since she was 6 years old. I don’t think our country would be stronger without that. Oscar Cornejo, Jr., was 5 years old when his family came to the United States from Mexico. He grew up in Park City, a small northern suburb of Chicago. He became an excellent stu-dent in high school. He was a member of, again, the National Honor Society, and he was an Illinois State Scholar. He received several advanced place-ment awards. He graduated magna cum laude. What he says is: ‘‘My parents always instilled in me the value of an edu-cation, which is one of the main rea-sons they decided to leave everything in Mexico and come to the United States. I dedicate myself to my edu-cation to honor the sacrifices my par-ents made.’’ b1600 Because of his outstanding academic achievements, he was admitted to Dartmouth. He is the first member of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.078 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H951 February 7, 2018 
his family to attend college. He ex-celled at Dartmouth. During freshman year, he received the William S. Churchill prize for outstanding aca-demic achievement. Just absolutely fabulous. Thank you. Thank you for submitting Oscar’s story. He says: ‘‘When I received my DACA, the threat of deportation had been lift-ed and I felt I could actually achieve my dreams. DACA has allowed me to work for the first time, and the money I earn goes to support my education and my family.’’ Again, a valuable asset. Let me just recap a little bit of this, Mr. Speaker. So many of our DREAMers are inter-ested in becoming doctors and healthcare professionals, whether it be researchers, nurses, or other healthcare professionals. I just want to read once again this statement from the Association of American Medical Colleges: The Association of American Medical Colleges reports that the Nation’s doc-tor shortage will rise to between 40,000 and 105,000 by the year 2030. Both the American Medical Association and the Association of American Medical Col-leges warn that ending DACA will ex-acerbate this physician shortage in the United States, and they have urged Congress to pass legislation to protect DREAMers. Listen to what the AMA says: ‘‘Esti-mates have shown that the DACA ini-tiative could help introduce 5,400 pre-viously ineligible physicians into the U.S. healthcare system in the coming decades to address these shortages and ensure patient access to care. ‘‘Removing those with DACA status will particularly create care shortages for rural and other underserved areas. . . . Without these physicians, the AMA is concerned that the quality of care provided in these communities would be negatively impacted and that patient access to care will suffer.’’ That is a quote. They are saying there could be as many as 40,000 to over double that number by 2030, and 5,400 previously ineligible physicians come to us by making DACA, by passing pro-tection for our DREAMers, 5,400 pre-viously ineligible physicians. That is quite remarkable. So when you see the need and you see the ambition and the vocation and the dedication, especially to help in under-served areas, it is quite remarkable. This is another of Senator D
URBIN ’s. He wanted to introduce to the Senate a DREAMer from Speaker R
YAN’s home State of Wisconsin. Her name is Maricela Aguilar. In 1995, when Maricela was 3 years old, her mother brought her to the United States with the hope of giving her a chance for a better life. Maricela’s family settled in Mil-waukee. Maricela worked hard, and she excelled in school. During high school, she was on the honor roll and was a member of the Na-tional Honor Society—we keep hearing that over and over—and captain of the cross country team. At the same time, Maricela was active in her community, volunteering at a local homeless shel-ter. When it came time to apply for col-leges, Maricela knew she wanted to stay close to her family in the only home she’d ever known, Wisconsin. She applied to many local schools and was offered a full-tuition scholarship to Marquette University in Milwaukee. At Marquette, Maricela was on the dean’s list and was a double major in political science and English lit-erature. She also worked part-time as a waitress to support herself and her family. Maricela became involved in advo-cating for immigration reform. In De-cember 2010, Maricela was here in the Senate gallery, along with hundreds of other DREAMers, when the Senate failed to pass the DREAM Act due to a Republican filibuster. I remind that, just shortly before that, we passed it in the House. It got over 50 votes in the Senate, but it did not get to the 60th vote. She came to raise concerns about the DREAMers again and again. She graduated with honors in her graduating class. She is now in grad-uate school at Brandeis University in Boston. She plans to return to Mil-waukee when she graduates. She wants to become a public schoolteacher. Maricela and other DREAMers have so much to contribute to our country. Could we use more public school-teachers like Maricela? I think so. Would we be a stronger country if we deported her? I don’t think so. So we have another one from Mr. DURBIN . Her name is Naomi Florentino. Her parents brought her to the United States from Mexico when she was 10 years old. Naomi grew up in the town of Smyrna, Tennessee. Naomi was an excellent student and active in her community. In high school, she was a member of the Na-tional Honor Society, and she received Student of the Year awards for algebra and art. She served on the student council and played on the varsity soc-cer team and the varsity track and field team. She was also a shot put and discus thrower. These people are so accomplished, I just don’t know how many hours they have in the day. Naomi’s dream was to become a ro-botics engineer. She participated in the NASA Science, Engineering, Mathe-matics, and Aerospace Academy and performed so well that she won the Next Generation Pioneer Award. She graduated high school with hon-ors, but her immigration status limited her. She didn’t give up. She took me-chanical engineering courses at Lipscomb University in Nashville. She then went to community college. In the spring, she is graduating with an associate’s degree in mechatronics technology, a field that combines me-chanical engineering, electrical engi-neering, telecommunications engineer-ing, control engineering, and computer engineering. Could you do that? Could any of us do that? Naomi is now working on her bach-elor’s degree at Middle Tennessee State University. In her spare time, she is also involved in her community doing all kinds of wonderful things. She says: ‘‘DACA has meant the op-portunity of a lifetime for my aca-demic and professional career. As a student at Smyrna High School, driv-ing past the Nissan plant motivated me to be a better student with hopes of, one day, being part of a company that is highly regarded in my community. However, without proper work author-ization, that goal seemed far-fetched. Today, it is a reality for me.’’ So, hopefully, we can continue to make that a reality for Naomi Florentino, and I submit her statement for the RECORD . I wish I could excuse my colleagues, but they have all been such champions on this issue, and their dedication to it is obviously demonstrated here, as it is with some of those who can’t be with us right now. This is another story that is about a DREAMer, and I want to tell the story of how DACA has given one DREAMer the chance to contribute to the coun-try she loves. This is Maria Ibarra-Frayre. Maria’s parents brought her to the United States from Mexico at 9 years old. She grew up in Detroit, Michigan, the heartland. She was an excellent stu-dent who was dedicated to community service. In high school, she was a member of the National Honor Society—you keep hearing that, Mr. Speaker. I have been here all day, but all day you have been hearing members of the National Honor Society—Key Club, and the school newspaper. She volunteered twice a week tutoring middle school students and performed over 300 hours of community service. She graduated with a 3.97 GPA and was admitted to the University of Michigan, but was unable to enroll at Michigan because of her immigration status. She entered the University of Detroit Mercy, a private Catholic school. She was elected vice president of the stu-dent senate. She helped found Campus Kitchen to take leftover meals to the homeless—not to the homeless, but other people who have a hard time leaving home and needed meals to be brought to them. She participated in helping elderly couples, homeless people, et cetera, and graduated valedictorian of her class. Her options were limited because of her immigration status. When she got DACA, she wrote: ‘‘DACA means showing the rest of the country, society, and my community what I can do. I have always known what I’m capable of, but DACA has al-lowed me to show others that the in-vestment and opportunity that DACA provides is worth it.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.080 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH952 February 7, 2018 
Maria and other DREAMers like her have so much to contribute to our country. Will America be a stronger country if we send Maria away? No, I don’t think so, and I think you would agree. J
UAN VARGAS from California. I ac-knowledged him earlier. He is here. Congressman J
UAN VARGAS , 51st Con-gressional District, would like me to read a statement from a constituent, former intern, and a DREAMer: 
My name is name Jacqueline Olivares. I was brought to the United States at age 2. 
Now, you know, age 2. 
I was raised in San Diego and never felt different from anyone else. I speak the lan-guage and know the culture. I knew I had no papers, but I never really knew what that meant. I didn’t realize the importance of those documents until I wanted to go to col-lege. I always knew I wanted to move forward with my education. I was an avid student in high school and was always encouraged to apply to universities because I had the grades to compete. Then my parents told me that it wasn’t a possibility. I realized I was different. I would always ask myself: Why me? But when DACA was announced in 2012, it gave me relief. I am proud to call myself a DREAMer. 
Jacqueline says: 
I am proud to call myself a DREAMer. DACA gave me hope, opportunity, and moti-vation, and that won’t be taken away. My name is Jacqueline Olivares, and DREAMers are American, too. 
I thank Mr. V ARGAS for that. Another one, from K
EITH ELLISON  from Minnesota: Itzel came to the United States when she was only 15 years old. Despite ini-tial language difficulties, she worked hard and graduated from high school with honors. She completed one semes-ter of college after high school, but economic difficulties forced her to focus on work instead. However, when she was granted DACA in 2012, she got a better-paying job, was able to go back to college, and graduated with honors. The last 2 years, Itzel has been working for the State of Minnesota as a senior court clerk. She bought a house and supports her family. The week before DACA was termi-nated Itzel applied for a job as a proba-tion officer, her dream job, a probation officer. But the elimination of DACA now makes that goal appear impos-sible. Itzel was also planning to start a master’s degree in criminal justice next semester. That, too, now seems impossible. Itzel told me, ‘‘I don’t want to go back to dreaming of a better future. I want to be part of a better future for me, for my family, and for my coun-try.’’ Again and again, for our country. I thank Mr. E
LLISON and Itzel. From Congresswoman M
ATSUI of California, acknowledged earlier, an unnamed DREAMer from her district says: ‘‘September 1990 my life would change forever.’’ This is her story: ‘‘My family and I had migrated to the United States. ‘‘The first six years of my life pales in comparison to what I have been in-troduced to within a few months of liv-ing in the U.S. All I do know is that my clear, joyful memories started when we moved to America. I was living in the best country in the world, a place I would call my home, and yet I didn’t even know it. ‘‘Fast-forward 27 years later, and today my family sit here in deporta-tion proceedings, given 45 days to pack up their lives and leave. The past few weeks have been the most painful, fear-ful, helpless, and hopeless days of my life.’’ b1615 ‘‘My parents and sisters are being de-ported, and I most likely have a few months left before I will be deported as well. I am considered a DREAMer, probably one of the oldest DREAMers in the United States; had my oldest sis-ter been eligible, she would have been the oldest of us DREAMers. ‘‘However, I was the only one of the three to be granted protection with DACA, and now my family has been or-dered to leave the United States with a 10-year ban on reentry.’’ The 10-year ban on reentry—you are probably familiar with this, Mr. Speak-er—this 10-year ban is just deadly. ‘‘I can’t separate from my family and have them do this on their own. My family and I are one cohesive unit— family always stick together, it’s what we believe in, so there is no choice but to go with my family, to help each other reconstruct what we built here over the last 27 years. At this point, I don’t know what to do. What am I sup-posed to do? We have exhausted all of our options and met failure at each end. All I can do is leave it in God’s hands, pray for strength and guidance, and hope my prayers are heard with a miracle. ‘‘I understand that there are those who commit horrible crimes and shouldn’t be given the opportunity to stay. However, for us as a family, we didn’t do anything to harm our coun-try. We went to school, educated our-selves, had good jobs, pushed our lim-its, helped others, are great Samari-tans’’—there we are with great Samari-tan again—‘‘pay and paid our taxes, and strive to better ourselves and our country and the community we live in. ‘‘As for my family and I, no matter the distance, no matter the 10-year ban, no matter what . . . our heart and spirit will always be here in the United States.’’ ‘‘ . . . the place I call home. I have spent the majority of my life here, and it has shaped me into the woman I am now.’’ These people are being deported, and that is why we need to have com-prehensive immigration reform to ad-dress the bigger issue. But we can do something today to at least make whole the children. This is another one, a Sacramento State graduate that Congresswoman MATSUI submitted to us. She said that DACA gave him peace of mind. He currently holds a master’s degree and plans to pursue a doctoral degree. He wants to work in the field of education and is worried that the President’s decision to rescind DACA will lead to less people becoming teach-ers. He said that he believes ‘‘there is something good in all of us.’’ Oswaldo deserves to continue to fulfill his dreams in his community. Gustavo, also from Sac State, came to the United States at the age of 7 with his brothers and parents. He said: ‘‘I am happy to say that my parents’ courage and willingness to risk it all for their children’s future was worth it.’’ Gustavo recently graduated from Sacramento State with a bachelor’s in psychology and a minor in counseling and would like to pursue a master’s de-gree. Gustavo said: ‘‘We as DREAMers are here to build a better society, to change the cycle of our family’s strug-gles, to better ourselves, to help build bridges amongst society and to be edu-cated individuals with the hunger of striving for a better tomorrow.’’ Another from Congresswoman M
AT-
SUI. Jesus is a DREAMer and DACA re-cipient from Sacramento who was brought to this country by his mother at the age of 8. He is also a full-time English professor at Sacramento City College and part-time lecturer at Sac-ramento State University. He has devoted himself to the class-room, oftentimes working with young DREAMers. He said: ‘‘I am honored to have the opportunity to teach the youth of my community, to empower the reentry students, and to help improve the cul-ture of both local campuses who gave me an education.’’ Juana from Congresswoman M
ATSUI ’s district: ‘‘DACA has allowed me to feel protected from being deported, to feel accepted and acknowledged in this country we grew up in and love. My DACA status has provided me the op-portunity to pursue my dreams like many other people. ‘‘Thanks to DACA, I was able to work and go to school. I just recently grad-uated from Sacramento State, this spring 2017, with my B.A. in sociology. I graduated from high school in 2006 and had to put my dreams aside be-cause I was not able to continue my education; but once I got DACA status, I was able to go to a university. Now that I just graduated and would like to start my career, it would be horrible if my status was rescinded. ‘‘I’ve been in the U.S. for 27 years. I have never left America. I was born in Mexico but have no clue what it is like. The only place I know is California. This is my home and all I know.’’ From Representative L
OFGREN , whom I mentioned earlier, who has been such a champion on the Judiciary Com-mittee on this, a former chair of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.081 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H953 February 7, 2018 
Immigration and Border Security Sub-committee. She has taught immigra-tion law. She has been an immigration lawyer. She knows it all. She has just been a tremendous leader and very dedicated advocate and champion. She submits this from Ms. Mandy Lau: ‘‘I wanted to take a moment to express my frustration with the repeal of DACA. As an educator, I have seen how DACA has improved the lives of the students and families in our com-munity here in San Jose. DACA has been a resounding success, and this ad-ministration should not end this cru-cial program. Nearly 800,000 young men and women have been able to con-tribute to their communities, to work, go to school, and to live their lives without fear of being ripped away from their families and from a country they consider home. Ms. Lau, Mandy that is, went on to say: ‘‘Recently, I held a crying student who was disheartened that although she worked hard to maintain her 4.0 GPA throughout high school, fought stereotypes of gang affiliation, and re-sisted negative influences to create better opportunities for herself and her family, there would also be a possi-bility that her dream of attending col-lege would no longer be an option. She asked me how this was possible in the land of the free, how quickly an oppor-tunity could be stripped from a person with ambition, hopes, and dreams. DACA has given these young adults a lifeline and hope for the future. Ending the program would be devastating for DREAMers and their families. Without DACA, these 800,000 DREAMers would be subject to deportation to countries they may not even remember and no longer able to work legally to support themselves and their families’’—in the place they call home, Mandy says. ‘‘I have spent the majority of my life here. It shaped me into the woman I am.’’ So I thank the lady very much. These are beautiful, beautiful statements from some of these DACA recipients, from our DREAMers, but it is even be-yond those who are recipients. Two brothers, Jhon Magdaleno and Nelson, his brother. Let me tell you about Nelson and Jhon. These brothers came to the United States from Ven-ezuela when Nelson was 11 and Jhon was 9. They are both honor students at Lakeside High School in Atlanta, Geor-gia. Here is a picture of Nelson. Jhon served with distinction in the Air Force Junior Officer Reserve Corps. He was the fourth highest ranking in a 175-cadet unit and commander of the Air Honor Society in his unit. Here is a picture of Jhon in his ROTC uniform. They went on to both become honor students at Georgia Tech University— Nelson in computer engineering, Jhon in biomedical engineering with a 4.0. In 2012, he graduated from Georgia Tech with honors. Do you understand being graduated with honors from Georgia Tech in com-puter engineering, and Jhon in a bio-medical engineering major from Geor-gia Tech, and they have 3.6 GPA and 4.0 GPA? Thanks to DACA, they have been working as computer engineers for a Fortune 500 semiconductor company. Jhon received DACA in 2012, while he was still a student at Georgia Tech. He then worked for 2 years as a researcher in a biomedical engineering lab at Georgia Tech researching glaucoma, a leading cause of blindness. In 2014, Jhon graduated from Georgia Tech with a major in chemical and biologi-cal engineering with highest honors— highest honors in chemical and biologi-cal engineering from Georgia Tech. He is now working as a process engineer with a Fortune 500 company, too. Both have written letters. Nelson wrote: ‘‘To me, DACA means an oppor-tunity to be able to live my dreams and contribute to society in ways that I could not have imagined. DACA means that one of my life goals, owning my own company, could be a possibility in the future. DACA means a chance. DACA means the American Dream.’’ Jhon wrote: ‘‘I consider an American to be someone who loves and whole-heartedly dedicates themselves to the development of this country. From age 9, I have made the United States my home, and it has made me the man I am today. I proudly call myself an American.’’ As I read some of these stories, you hear a recurring theme. Again, it is a theme about honoring the vows of our Founders for a new order for the ages that every generation would take the responsibility to make the future bet-ter for future generations. That is ex-actly what the families of these DREAMers did. Family members took risks, had courage, hope, optimism, and deter-mination to make the future better for their families. Doing that for their families, they were doing that for America, too. You see such a similarity to previous generations. I see it as an Italian American—education, education, edu-cation, the key to upward mobility. Talent, talent, talent, but not under-utilized; educated to reach its full po-tential to reach the aspirations of these young people to do so in a way that is about giving back. What you see here is what our fami-lies were all about that had come be-fore, that idealism and hope springs in optimism and aspirations of immi-grants coming to our country. That is why I always say that we are a great country because we are constantly re-invigorated by immigrants coming to our country. Their courage and com-mitment to the American Dream which drew them here in the first place strengthens the American Dream. These newcomers with all of that hope and aspiration make America more American when they come here. That is why our country will not stag-nate. That is why our country will con-tinue to blossom, to respect our tradi-tions, our past, and our sense of com-munity. In every one of these letters there is gratitude back to the United States for what it has done for these people. There is no sense of entitlement. It is all about working hard and paying back. That is why if we can just do this piece which has urgency to it because it has a timetable that the President has put forth, just doing this piece would be the smart thing to do, to find a solution that then builds trust in a bipartisan way with transparency and openness as to what it actually is about. That is why we want people to know this is who these people are. That is why they are called DREAMers. That is why the name has persisted. We have been the country of the American Dream forever. Yes, I agree with the President. We are all DREAM-ers in America. This is part of the fu-ture. Of course, I think of my grand-children as the future. They didn’t have to face the struggles that these young people are facing. God bless them for their courage to make the struggle, but it is, again, faith, family, faith in the future, faith in America, faith in themselves, faith which gives people hope, hope because they have faith in the kindness of others. Faith, hope, charity, and hope is right there in the middle. I think that people who have hope, much of it springs from their faith, and these clearly are people of great faith. That is why the Conference of Catholic Bishops welcomes them. That is why the evangelical community speaks so clearly and passionately about the need to protect them. These are precious gems. They are absolutely outstanding, and they write their stories so eloquently that noth-ing any of us can say about the subject is to even compare to the power of their stories. For example, Johana was brought to the United States from Venezuela when she was a child. She grew up in Boul-der, Colorado. She played in her high school softball team, played viola in the orchestra, and dreamed of becom-ing a doctor. Here is what Johana said about her childhood: ‘‘I’ve become a Boulderite in all aspects of that word. That town, with those beautiful mountains, is truly my home.’’ In 2011, Johana grad-uated from the University of Colorado at Boulder with a double major in mo-lecular, cellular, and developmental bi-ology and psychology neuroscience. They are so talented. But after grad-uating from college, Johana was unable to pursue her dream of becoming a doc-tor because she was undocumented. Then in 2012, with DACA, she heard that Loyola University in Chicago would accept students who had re-ceived DACA into its medical schools. I thank Loyola University and the Uni-versity of Chicago. Like many States across the coun-try, Illinois faces a shortage of physi-cians in some communities. The Loy-ola University DACA program sees this as an opportunity to address the prob-lem. The State of Illinois has created a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.082 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH954 February 7, 2018 
DACA loan program. Under this pro-gram, Loyola DACA med students can receive loans to help cover the cost of their medical education. For every year of loans, the DACA student must work a year in a medically underserved area in Illinois—again giving back. b1630 Last fall, Johana went to med school at Loyola. After graduating, she will stay in Illinois and help serve parts of Illinois that have a shortage of doctors. This is, of course, one of Senator D
URBIN ’s constituents. Here is what Johana had to say: ‘‘When the year 2012 came along, my life changed. My dreams of becoming a doctor became a possibility again be-cause of DACA. I am now able to apply to medical internship programs, take the medical school entrance exam, and apply to medical school, all because of my DACA status. DACA has defined my path. DACA has relit a fire within to succeed and to continue to pursue my dreams.’’ Will America be a stronger country if we deport Johana? I don’t think so. This is Everardo Arias. Everardo was brought to the United States from Mexico in 1997 when he was 7 years old. Just imagine these adorable children. He grew up in Costa Mesa, California, and was an excellent student. He dreamed of becoming a doctor. A doctor, again. It was not until he applied to college that Everardo learned that he was un-documented. He was accepted at the University of California, Riverside, but because of his immigration status, however, Everardo didn’t qualify for any Federal assistance. When Everardo was a sophomore, he met with a counselor, who told him he had no chance of becoming a doctor be-cause he was undocumented. But Everardo didn’t give up on his dream. In 2012, he graduated from the Univer-sity of California, Riverside with a chemistry major and research honors. Shortly after he graduated, DACA was established. He received DACA. He worked for a year as a mentor for at- risk students in his hometown of Costa Mesa. The following year, through AmeriCorps, he worked as a health ed-ucator with several local clinics. He gave classes to hundreds of people in both English and Spanish on topics ranging from diabetes to family nutri-tion to depression. During his year as a health educator, he applied and was accepted in medical school. He is currently in his first year at the Loyola University Chicago School of Medicine. In his free time, he volunteers at a local clinic. He takes time to teach medical Spanish to some of his classmates. Here is what he had to say about DACA: ‘‘DACA changed my life. It opened the door to the future ahead of me. If it weren’t for DACA, I would not be here and I probably would not have pursued medicine. I’m blessed to have the opportunity to do what I love to do and to give back to the country that has given me so much.’’ Will America be a stronger country if we deport Everardo Arias and others like him? Of course not. This is from Congresswoman DIANA D
EGETTE , who is with us. This is her story from Colorado: Marco Dorado was born in Mexico and moved to Denver’s Globeville neighborhood at the age of 3. After at-tending Thornton High School as a stu-dent in the International Bacca-laureate program, Marco attended the University of Colorado Boulder and graduated as student body president with a degree in finance. During his time at University of Col-orado, Marco received DACA, which has allowed him to begin his profes-sional career while contributing back to his community. Currently, Marco is the program coordinator for the Latino Leadership Institute at the University of Denver. It is a beautiful story, once again demonstrating not only a commitment to education, but a commitment to give back, become doctors, whatever, but leadership. Every one of these has leadership, whether it is leadership in the student government, leadership in community activity, leadership on the sports field, leadership in every pos-sible way in extracurricular activities and the rest. Certainly, Marco has demonstrated that trait typical of our DREAMers. We have been joined by T
EDLIEU from California and Ms. B
ORDALLO  from Guam. I think we have acknowl-edged so many Members who have come and gone. I thank them all for their ongoing support of our DREAM-ers. This is from an unknown DREAMer to B
RADSHERMAN . It says: ‘‘I am writ-ing this letter to you because I am fearful of what might happen next. I am a Canadian who was brought here when I was 11 years old. I am 28 now and DACA has allowed me to come out of the shadows.’’ You hear that expression, ‘‘come out of the shadows.’’ ‘‘I have worked hard my whole life. I am a senior at UCLA majoring in civil engineering. I am an engineering in-tern at the City of Stanton, and I also work at an animal emergency hospital on weekends. I often time go weeks where I do not have a day off.’’ I love this recurring animal assist-ance, too, that we hear. ‘‘All I ask for is a fair shake, and with this new administration, I fear I won’t be given that. I am not a crimi-nal. I am not a danger to my commu-nity, nor am I someone trying to take advantage of public benefits. I am a victim to a situation I had no say over. I want to do my share: pay taxes, in-spire others, and any other help I can provide. ‘‘Congressman, thank you for your time and for listening.’’ I thank B
RADfor submitting this en-thusiastic statement from an unknown DREAMer from his district, a Cana-dian. This is from TEDLIEU. I thank him for being here. To T
EDLIEU, a testimonial from Rep-resentative L
IEU’s district: 
My name is Nicole, and I am a student at UCLA. My parents brought me to the United States when I was 3 years old. For the 16 years that I have lived in the United States, I grew up like any other U.S. citizen. I finished my K–12 schooling, and I volunteered around my community. For my first year of college, I was fortu-nate enough to receive a substantial amount of financial aid from both UCLA and the California Dream Act. This aid alleviated my parents from the fiscal burden of paying for college. Although my tuition was covered, my par-ents still had to pay out of pocket to cover the expense of living on campus. The schol-arship money I received for my sophomore year was steadily decreased, which means there was more pressure on my parents to keep up with the growing cost. To lighten this load, I acquired a full-time summer job. I have become dependent on my job and my paycheck to pay off my school, but how do I remain debt free if DACA is re-scinded? Terminating DACA would turn my world upside down, it will undo the progress I have made at UCLA and challenge my access to higher education. 
Nicole goes on to say: 
Although I am grateful for the opportuni-ties I have been given under DACA, like a Social Security number and relief from de-portation, I cannot reconcile that the very government I one day hope to work for con-tinues to exclude me from living the Amer-ican Dream. The President and U.S. legislators need to look beyond their biases and stand up for the children who have continuously pledged alle-giance to the only country they have ever called home. 
I thank T EDLIEUfor Nicole’s beau-tiful story. Mr. L
IEUalso submitted testimony from Martin. Martin says, Mr. Speaker: 
My name is Martin and I grew up in an un-documented household. When I was in grade school, I loved listening to the news with my father. It became a daily routine to tune in to Univision or television after both of our days of work. It was extremely difficult for me to com-prehend many issues discussed on main-stream news, mainly because I generally didn’t understand the content. However, one particular word was mentioned almost every day, ‘‘deportation.’’ I had asked my father what it meant, but he refused to answer, and so did my mother. After hearing the cold, hard truth from my teacher in grade school, I felt vulnerable for the first time in my life. As I grew older, I became more and more concerned. I walked to school every day wor-ried that my parents might unexpectedly be taken away from me. 
How many times have we heard that story? 
Two hardworking parents that had lived and contributed to this country for more than 30 years might be forcibly removed from the United States. Now, I have never felt more fearful for the future of my family. 
That word ‘‘fear’’ is terrifying, tears in the eyes of the Statue of Liberty, fear in the hearts of people who should be able to just make their contribution to our country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.084 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H955 February 7, 2018 
HAKEEM JEFFRIES submits this testi-mony from Ashelle. Let me just once again thank my col-leagues for being here. I wish you could be reading these stories. I feel very privileged to be reading so many of them, but the rules are that I cannot yield on the special 1 minute. This is Ashelle King’s story: ‘‘I came to the United States from St. Lucia in the Caribbean at the age of 7, and I’ve been living in Brooklyn for 16 years. I currently attend Baruch College, where I pay tuition out of my pocket by working because I am not eligible for certain types of aid for school. ‘‘I am studying computer informa-tion systems and political science, and I want to apply my studies to help peo-ple. I try to be involved in the commu-nity, which is why I interned in Mr. Jeffries’ office.’’ I again thank Mr. J
EFFRIES for this testimony. ‘‘I felt like Mr. Jeffries had a real connection with the people, and I want-ed to learn how I can assist and give back in that regard. Hopefully, I will be graduating in the spring. I don’t want to be fearful of not graduating or of leaving school because DACA ends. ‘‘Fixing DACA is important to me be-cause I would not have been able to work if it weren’t for DACA. Because I have a working permit, I am able to pay for school and be exposed to more things in the U.S. You know, I’ve been here since a very young age, so I don’t know much about St. Lucia. I grew up in Brooklyn. I know more about Brook-lyn, and I want to stay here.’’ I know that is music to the ears of H
AKEEM JEFFRIES , who is always brag-ging about Brooklyn. And, by the way, so is the Democratic leader in the Sen-ate. Mr. S
CHUMER is always singing the praises of Brooklyn. This is from Mr. D
URBIN . This is Pablo da Silva. Pablo was brought to the United States from Brazil in 2001, when he was 13 years old. He grew up in New Jersey. Here is what Pablo has to say about his childhood: ‘‘The same as every other kid grow-ing up in the U.S., I attended middle school, pledged allegiance to the Amer-ican flag, and sang the national an-them. As I grew older, I came to under-stand that one thing about me differed from my classmates. I was undocu-mented. However, my parents always taught me to see barriers as a measure of perseverance and an opportunity to thrive.’’ Pablo was an excellent student. He dreamed of becoming a doctor. During high school and college, Pablo volun-teered at a nursing home every week. He also was a member of a group called Doctor Red Nose. Pablo and other members of the group would dress up as clowns and visit hospitals and nurs-ing homes to cheer up patients and healthcare providers. Pablo was accepted at Rutgers Uni-versity, but because he was undocu-mented, he didn’t qualify financially. You have heard that sentence over and over. And although he grew up in New Jer-sey, he would have been required to pay out-of-state tuition. As a result, Pablo couldn’t afford to attend Rutgers and instead enrolled in community col-lege. Because he had taken college courses when he was in high school, Pablo was able to complete a 2-year as-sociate’s degree in only 1 year. With his associate’s degree, Pablo was able to transfer to Kean University in New Jersey. In 2011, Pablo graduated at the top of his class with a major in biology, summa cum laude. He received an award for the highest grade point average in the biology department. He was on the dean’s list every semester of college and was a member of the honor society Phi Kappa Phi. After graduating from college, he was unable to pursue his dream of becom-ing a doctor. Instead, he worked in a variety of manual labor jobs. Then, in 2012, President Obama established DACA. Pablo heard that Loyola Uni-versity of Chicago accepts students that receive DACA. Like many States across the coun-try, Illinois faces a shortage of physi-cians in some communities. Loyola University’s DACA program is an op-portunity to address this problem. I have described this problem again and again, but let me say the State of Illinois has created a DACA loan pro-gram. Under this program, Loyola’s DACA med students can receive loans to cover the costs of their medical edu-cation. For every year of loan, the stu-dents must work for a year in a medi-cally underserved area in Illinois. I said that earlier, but I just want people to know how creative people have become in not only helping edu-cate, alleviate the cost, but serve the community. As a result, some of the best and brightest students in the country have come to Loyola to get a medical edu-cation. They will stay in Illinois to help serve parts of the State that have a shortage of doctors. b1645 And then more on Pablo. Last fall, Pablo da Silva began med school at Loyola. He is pursuing his dream to be-come a cardiothoracic surgeon. This is what he had to say: ‘‘DACA has allowed me to fulfill my long-lasting aspiration to pursue a career in medicine. It has truly changed my future, and for that, I’m truly grateful. I’m eager to con-tribute my share to the country I call my own.’’ Thank you, Pablo. This is Karen Villagomez. Karen was brought to the United States when she was only 2 years old. She grew up in Chicago, Illinois. She is an outstanding student and interested in public serv-ice. In May 2012, Karen graduated from the University of Rochester in New York with a major in political science. She is the first person in her family to graduate from a 4-year college. Just 1 month after she graduated, President Obama announced the DACA program. After she received DACA, Karen found a job as a paralegal in a law firm in Chicago, where she has been working for the last 2 years. This fall, she will begin law school. How about that? But if the House of Representatives have—if we could pass this bill, she would be able to attend law school and become an attorney. Instead, she could be deported back to Mexico, a country she hasn’t lived in since she was a tod-dler. Here is what Karen had to say: ‘‘DACA represents the values and her-itage of this country of immigrants; it was the right thing to do, and it has changed my life by replacing fear with hope. This executive action gave me an overwhelming sense of relief and hope. It lifted me from the shadows.’’ I just want to repeat her first sen-tence: ‘‘DACA represents the values and heritage of this country of immi-grants; it was the right thing to do, and it has changed my life by replacing fear with hope.’’ Now, will America be strong if Karen is deported? No, I don’t think so. This one is from Representative FOS-
TER. Mr. F OSTER is also from Illinois, and this was his State of the Union guest, Ana Campa Castillo. She is a student at Joliet Junior College in Jo-liet, Illinois. Ana is a graduate of Bolingbrook High School and is cur-rently pursuing an associate’s degree in psychology at Joliet Junior College. She serves as the vice president of Latinos Unidos, one of the largest stu-dent organizations. I had the occasion to meet her when Representative F
OSTER brought her to the State of the Union. I wish more Members of Congress could meet more of these DREAMers. Aren’t you impressed by the cumu-lative effect that they are making on our country, each of them with their individual contribution to the great-ness of America? So exciting. I am so proud of them. Representative P
OLIS’ State of the Union guest was Anarely, a student at the Colorado State University in Fort Collins. She was a guest of J
ARED  P
OLIS. Anarely was born in Chihuahua, Mexico, and came to the United States when she was a young child. Her family stayed in Colorado to care for her grandmother, who suffered from breast cancer. Anarely has flourished in Colorado, graduating high school with a 4.3 GPA, where she participated in Reserve Offi-cers’ Training Corps. She went on to thrive at Colorado State University, triple majoring in political science, ethnic studies, and international rela-tions. I thank Representative P
OLIS and Representative F
OSTER for their very distinguished guests at the State of the Union address. I did mention to the President, when I welcomed him to the Capitol, that we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.086 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH956 February 7, 2018 
had many DREAMers and supporters of DREAMers in the audience here, also supporters of fairness for Mexico. So I hope we are doing better as far as our negotiations go in terms of Puerto Rico. I see we have been joined by Con-gressman M
ARKDESAULNIER from Cali-fornia. Thank you for being here, M
ARK, as well. Arisaid Gonzalez Porras was a guest of R
AU´LGRIJALVA . Arisaid came to the United States in 2000 from Mexico and currently resides in Arizona. That is the State that R
AU´LGRIJALVA rep-resents in Congress. Arisaid is a freshman at Georgetown University. As a first-generation stu-dent, she relied on the help of coun-selors and teachers to help apply to college. Growing up undocumented, she lived in fear of what would happen to her and her family. In her first semes-ter in college, Arisaid has become more outspoken about her status as a DACA recipient and became an advocate for the rights of the undocumented youth. As a student with the privilege to go to school right in the center of politics, she plans to continue her advocacy until Congress passes DREAMers legis-lation. Hopefully, Arisaid, that will be very soon. Here are some testimonies from other Members of Congress. Leticia Herrera-Mendez is a student at Cali-fornia State University, San Bernardino she was a guest of Con-gressman P
ETE AGUILAR from Cali-fornia at the State of the Union ad-dress. Congressman A
GUILAR is a co-sponsor with Congressman H
URD from Texas of the legislation that has strong bipartisan support in the Congress and one bill that we would hope that the Speaker would give us an opportunity to vote on the floor of the House. I thank Congressman A
GUILAR . Leticia Herrera-Mendez was born in Mexico and arrived in the United States at the age of 8. She is a DREAMer and a student at California State University, San Bernardino. In June 2019, she will obtain a bach-elor’s degree in sociology and two cer-tificates, one in Spanish public services and another in social services. She is committed to helping and spreading awareness about the Latino commu-nity. She is an immigrant activist and is the vice president of the student or-ganization, Undocumented Advocates at Cal State University, San Bernardino, where she advocates for the rights of undocumented immi-grants. Her work and dedication to her com-munity has granted her the oppor-tunity to serve as the California dele-gate for Fuerza Migrante National Po-litical Group and student assistant of the Undocumented Student Success Center at CSUSB. Again, leadership, leadership, leader-ship. Education, leadership, how beau-tiful. Leslie Martinez is a student at UC Irvine, and she was a guest of Congress-man LOUCORREA at the State of the Union. Leslie Martinez is a freshman in college who is passionate about her studies. She was brought to the United States at the age of 2. Growing up, she was alone most of the time due to her parents always working, but this al-lowed her to become independent at a very young age. She found out she was undocumented during middle school, when she was trying to apply for a scholarship but needed a Social Security number. Luckily, DACA came around during her high school years, opening several opportunities for her, such as an in-ternship at UCI Medical Center, where she—that would be University of Cali-fornia, Irvine—where she was able to shadow medical professionals, and it opened up her love for the medical field. DACA also made her college applica-tion a smooth process. Now she is a freshman in college and is passionate about, again, her studies. She attends the University of California, Irvine, and is majoring in chemistry. Leslie hopes to attend medical school after college in hopes of becoming a general surgeon or a pediatrician. Again, doctors, doctors, doctors. Maybe she could find out about Loyola University School of Medicine. Maybe she will have many more options by then, hopefully, when we pass this leg-islation. Karen Bahena was a State of the Union guest of Congressman S
COTT P
ETERS . Karen lived in Cuernavaca, Morelos, Mexico, for 8 years, until 2001, when her family migrated to San Diego. Thanks to DACA, Karen has been able to graduate college with a degree in public health and nutrition at San Diego State University, find work as a research coordinator at the University of California, San Diego, and pursue her dreams in the field of medicine. She hopes to one day help underprivileged communities with healthcare needs. God bless you, Karen. Again, another example, universally, giving back, giving back, giving back. State of the Union guest of J
UDY C
HU, Jung Bin Cho and his family im-migrated to the United States when he was 7 years old from South Korea. Thanks to DACA, Jung Bin Cho was able to work and save money that al-lowed him to graduate from Virginia Tech with a bachelor’s degree in busi-ness information technology. Cur-rently, he is an Immigrant Rights Fel-low at the National Korean American Service & Education Consortium—this is quite an acronym, NAKASEC, Na-tional Korean American Service & Edu-cation Consortium—organizing and ad-vocating for economic, social, and ra-cial justice for all, with a focus on Asian American and Pacific Coast Is-lander communities. His dream is to attend law school in order to help his community in Virginia. Thank you, Jung. The guest of G
ERRY CONNOLLY , Nicolle Uria, she spoke at our press conference that we had before the State of the Union. I made a joke with GERRY CONNOLLY because somebody there referenced him as Congressman Cannoli. So I welcomed him with great pride of being an Italian American, but he is Connolly. Nicolle moved to the United States from La Paz, Bolivia, at the age of 1 with both of her parents and her sis-ters. For her entire life, she has lived here. The United States is her home. Nicolle grew up living the American Dream just like any other American citizen. She celebrated the same tradi-tions, ate the same food, enjoyed from the same activities as any of my other friends. Throughout her education, she has always been a good student and al-ways very active with not just school activities, but also with the commu-nity. She has been a Girl Scout since the age of 4, she has played both soccer and volleyball for many years, and now as a high school student. Nicolle spent many hours volunteering in the com-munity and getting involved with orga-nizations such as the DREAM Project, LULAC, UnidosUS, and many more. After finding out that she was undocu-mented, she thought all her hard work and effort was for nothing. But then, thanks to President Obama, she was able to apply for DACA. And she told her story very bril-liantly at our press conference before the State of the Union. Really, if you could hear them tell their own stories, there is a great hu-mility about conveying their stories to you. Because when you see them and they tell their stories and the passion and the pride and just the patriotism— passion, pride, patriotism—that they demonstrate, you will see why anyone, who has had the wonderful experience of being in conversation or observing our DREAMers, understands why they have had such a high reputation among the American people: some of them who have met them, some of them who have heard about them, some of them who have just caught the spark, recog-nize, again, the hard work ethic, the commitment to education, to commu-nity service, to faith, to family, to the United States of America. It is a beau-tiful thing. It just isn’t, let’s take a small number of people and try to do something with it. This is something very, very special, and it says a lot about our country to be able to give protection in a way that has some cer-tainty to our DREAMers. Itayu Torres is a student at Pasadena City College. She was a guest at the State of the Union of Congressman J
IMMY GOMEZ . Itayu Torres came to the United States from Mexico as a 6-month-old baby. She was completely carried into this country. She learned she was undocumented when she was 14 years old and, in 2014, became eligible to apply for DACA. Earning DACA protections has allowed Itayu to access a government-issued ID 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.088 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H957 February 7, 2018 
card, work authorization, healthcare and protection from deportation. With DACA, Itayu had the opportunity to travel across the country. She is cur-rently studying political science and business at Pasadena City College and plans to continue her education at Hood College in Frederick, Maryland. A wonderful school. Itayu was part of the California Dream Network Steering Committee and one day hopes to run for a seat in the United States Senate. You go, girl. United States Senate. Why not President? Well, she wasn’t born here, so she can’t be President of the United States. Again, Gabriela Hernandez was a State of the Union guest of our great Democratic Whip S
TENY HOYER . Gabriela, 19, is a college student at Prince George’s Community College. She came here with her mother from El Salvador at the age of 4. Her goal is to transfer to a four-year university in the fall, study to be a social worker, and just have an opportunity to thrive. She has lived her entire life in this country, having attended schools in Prince George’s County since kinder-garten. Because many family members already live here, she doesn’t have a lot of family left in her home country. The country she came from is El Sal-vador. And the situation probably has only gotten worse there since she came. In any event, I thank Mr. H
OYER for giving us her story. b1700 Mr. F
RANK PALLONE , who spent a lot of time with us, it seems like 6 or 7 hours ago, in the beginning of this, he was with us early in the presentation, and his guest at the State of the Union was Esder Chong, a student at Rutgers University-Newark. When Esder was 6 years old, she and her family immigrated to the States from South Korea. Unfortunately, after the 2008 economic recession, her mom lost her position working at a hospital and they lost their legal status. Esder first realized the implications of hav-ing an undocumented status when her mom got into a bike accident. It was an emergency situation and she needed treatment. However, because they were uninsured, she treated herself through home remedies and prayer. Fast for-ward one decade, Esder is now a sopho-more at Rutgers University-Newark on a full ride thanks to private, external scholarships and donors, including thedream.us and twenty others. She currently serves as the founder/presi-dent of RU Dreamers, a Rutgers Uni-versity-Newark student organization that advocates for undocumented stu-dents’ rights to higher education. Esder is also a student-athlete com-peting for the Rutgers University-New-ark cross country/track and field team and the news editor for Rutgers Uni-versity-Newark Newark newspaper, the Observer. How many hours does Esder have in a day? I would like to know. I want to talk about my own guest at the State of the Union. I am so proud of her. Melody Klingenfuss. She is a statewide organizer for CHIRLA’s Cali-fornia Dream Network. I am so proud of them. And Angelica Salas heads up the organization. They have done so much to protect our DREAMers to ad-vocate for comprehensive immigration reform. Melody was at our press conference. I am proud of her. Melody was born in Guatemala City, Guatemala. After growing up without pardons, she was reunited with her mother in the heart of Los Angeles when she was 9 years old. Can you just imagine. She earned her bachelor’s degree in communications and political science at California State University, Los An-geles. She graduated with a master of nonprofit leadership and management from the University of Southern Cali-fornia. She has conducted a research thesis focused on the representation of undocumented students in mass com-munication. Melody works as CHIRLA’s California Dream Network statewide youth organizer as a devoted advocate for human and immigration rights. She is a DACA recipient since 2015. Her life goal is to continue bend-ing the arc of the moral universe to-wards justice. I just got word that the House Histo-rian confirmed: ‘‘You have now set the record for the longest continuous speech in the House since at least 1909.’’ I wonder what that was. This is Congresswoman W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , who spent so much time with us here today. I want to read from her testimony. Parthiv Patel from Mount Laurel, New Jersey. Parthiv is a DREAMer who has been in the DACA program since 2012 and graduated from Drexel University’s Thomas R. Kline School of Law in May 2016. Parthiv was brought to the United States when he was 5 years old and has lived in the United States continuously since then. He was admitted to the New Jersey State Bar on January 24, 2018. Congratulations, Parthiv. He was previously admitted to the Pennsylvania State Bar on December 18, 2017. He is the first DREAMer ad-mitted to the New Jersey and Pennsyl-vania bars. When Parthiv’s DACA status expires on August 9, 2018, he could be deported from the only country he knows and ripped away from his family. Even if he is not picked up for deportation, with-out work authorization or legal status, his employment options and his ability to put his law degree to use serving the community will also be substantially limited. Parthiv wants to make sure White House Chief of Staff Kelly knows that he is far from lazy—he should just look at his college and law school records. Thank you, Congresswoman B
ONNIE  W
ATSON COLEMAN . This is from Congresswoman SUSAN  D
AVIS from California. This is the story of her constituent, Itso. Itso says: 
I just graduated from high school 3 days before Deferred Action on DACA arrivals was announced, and already been accepted to San Diego State University. I wasn’t sure if I would be able to afford going to college. But there is some uncertainty in applying for DACA, but it was a risk worth taking. After DACA, I was very enthusiastic to be able to work, serve my community, and at-tend San Diego State University. I graduated this year with a political science degree. As a border resident, I have seen the toll that harsh immigration enforcement has taken in my community. Many times, in the midst of the rhetoric, we lose sight of the real impact that harsh enforcement has on the lives of hardworking families. My work with the community is deeply rewarding. I have been part of helping thousands of San Diegans, and I have also seen the suffering that many families have to go through be-cause there are failed and inhumane immi-gration policies. I remain fully committed to continuing to serve my community and ensure that we continue to build a movement that affords immigrants, refugees, and citizens alike the right to live with dignity in the United States. 
How beautiful. These statements themselves are so beautiful. I don’t know who made that speech in 1909, or other speeches competed for the longest in the meantime, that was not my goal today. But we have so many testimonies, real testimony in the words of the DREAMers, as I say, the most eloquent of all. I did ask my staff to say that when I came to the floor earlier, I wanted to make sure that we were filling our 40 hours between 8 this morning and to-morrow night with the words to con-vince or the prayers to inspire. So I thought when I came to the floor, I would be like reading the Bible, be-cause the Bible is so fraught with so many passages that take us to a higher place to have a conversation about human beings, all of God’s children, at a higher place. Again, referencing the 40 days in the Old Testament, the 40 years in the desert in the New Testament, the 40 days, the Gospel of Matthew, which is so, so beautiful in terms of its inspira-tion. But I know that many people quote the Gospel of Matthew many times. But they always just quote the first part where they talk about when I was hungry. In the Gospel of Matthew, most people know when a person comes before the Lord, he says: We have a place for you in Heaven, for when I was hungry, you fed me, when I was thirsty, you gave me a drink, when I was naked, you clothed me, when I was in prison, you visited me. That whole list of corporal works of mercy. And then the person says: When did I do this, Lord, I didn’t see you? And then the Lord says: When you did this for the least of my brethren, you did it for me. Okay, I am just going to read it right from the Bible here. So that was the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.090 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH958 February 7, 2018 
first part. But the very first part of it is: ‘‘But when the Son of Man comes in His glory, and all the angels with Him, He will sit on His glorious throne. All the nations will be gathered before Him, and He will separate the people one from another as a shepherd sepa-rates the sheep from the goats. He will put the sheep on His right, the goats on His left. ‘‘Then the King will say to those on His right’’—the King being the Lord, the Son of Man—‘‘‘Come, you who are blessed by my Father; take your inher-itance, the Kingdom prepared for you since the creation of the world. For I was hungry and you gave me some-thing to eat, I was thirsty and you gave me something to drink, I was a strang-er and you invited me in, I needed clothes and you clothed me, I was sick and you looked after me, I was in pris-on and you came to visit me.’ Then the righteous will answer Him, ‘Lord, when did we see you hungry and feed you, or thirsty and give you something to drink? When did we see you a stranger and invite you in, or needing clothes and clothe you? When did we see you sick or in prison and go to visit you?’ The King will reply, ‘Truly I tell you, whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers and sisters of mine, you did for me.’’ This is the part that I really find challenging and we should all pay at-tention to. ‘‘Then He will say to those on His left, ‘Depart from me, you who are cursed, into the eternal fire prepared for the devil and his angels. For I was hungry and you gave me nothing to eat, I was thirsty and you gave me nothing to drink, I was a stranger and you did not invite me in, I needed clothes and you did not clothe me, I was sick and in prison and you did not look after me.’ They will also answer, ‘Lord, when did we see you hungry or thirsty or a stranger or needing clothes or sick or in prison and did not help you?’ He will reply, ‘Truly I tell you, whatever you did not do for one of the least of these, you did not do for me.’ Then they will go away to eternal pun-ishment, but the righteous to eternal life.’’ So it is not just what we do to take the opportunity to help and feed and clothe, it is what we do not do that the judgment was made about. Opportuni-ties missed. As I said earlier, to minister to the needs of God’s creation—and we are all God’s creation—is an act of worship. To ignore those needs is to dishonor the God who made us. Very clear in the Gospel of Matthew. As people of faith, as we all profess to be, and we believe—I mean, a faith is a gift, but we do believe that we are all God’s children—whatever we are, we are all, whatever it is. We are all God’s children, we are all created in the image and likeness of God, we all carry a spark of divinity. When Christ came down from Heaven to participate in our humanity, He enabled us to participate in His divinity, that spark. So we re-spect it in people, but we have to also recognize it in ourselves and the re-sponsibility it carries with us. So I choose to go back to a place where we had a much better reception all over Washington, D.C., for loving the DREAMers and wanting to get the job done for them. Because in address-ing their needs, we are talking about who we are as a nation. I have another statement from B
ONNIE WATSON COLEMAN . It was her birthday yesterday, so she will have about two or three statements today. She talks about the Velez sisters from Burlington, New Jersey. The Velez sisters came to the United States at 4 and 9 years old, respec-tively, with their father fleeing the Chavez regime in Venezuela. Daniela has earned two associates’ degrees in engineering and business ad-ministration from Rowan College in New Jersey. She is now pursuing an un-dergraduate degree in business admin-istration at Rutgers Business School while she works full time for the New Jersey Business and Industry Associa-tion. Daniela also cofounded a business that sells take-home kits for physics labs in Rowan College. How many of us could do that? The kits allow students who can’t at-tend college lab courses to take an on-line version at home. Alex is awaiting word this spring on college acceptance at Camden County College, with her dreams to be a vet- tech. But without valid DACA status, Alex won’t be able to legally drive, at-tend the vet-tech program, or work. Alex said in an article with CNN: ‘‘In all honesty, it is scary to think about leaving,’’ she said. ‘‘My mom cried for the first time since we talked about our situation. She’s a positive person and is hoping that something good will happen for us.’’ b1715 Unfortunately, if the President doesn’t extend DACA protections, they said they will be forced to leave. Daniela recently told CNN: ‘‘If DACA ends, I will leave with Alex. I will close my business, leave work and school.’’ That is why we have to pass a bill, and that is why I would hope that the Speaker of the House would honor the House he is Speaker of by giving us a chance to vote on a DREAMer bill, a bipartisan DREAMer bill on the floor of the House. C
AROLYN MALONEY is with us. I thank her for this testimony. It is about Diego de la Vega. Diego is a DREAMer who is an intern in Congresswoman M
ALONEY ’s office and was the Congress-woman’s guest at the State of the Union. Here is his story. ‘‘Our family history traces genera-tions of Ecuadorians since the early decades of the republic. Immigration was not common for us, and my par-ents and grandparents endured great periods of political instability and bleak futures. In 1999, at the age of 6, following an economic crash, hyper-inflation, and a coup d’etat, my mother began making plans to move to the United States. ‘‘By August 2001, I arrived in New York City, and we settled in Queens. I was quickly enrolled in public school. I learned English within a year, and I blended in with the rest of the chil-dren. But I was always aware of my status, and I quickly learned how long and how extremely difficult any real immigration reform in Congress would be. By 2011, at 17 and after another fresh defeat of the DREAM Act, I faced the devastating feeling of being denied the opportunity of accepting scholar-ships and student loans that effectively denied my shot at the colleges of my choice. Yet I continued, attended Hun-ter College where all I wanted to do was study government and politics. ‘‘Shortly afterwards, President Obama’s announcement of DACA was almost miraculous. I thought I could finally step out of the shadows, no longer with fear but with excitement. I then entered the workforce imme-diately and found myself employment in one of the leader wine retailers in the country, where I still work today. I also entered an internship with the dis-trict office of Congresswoman Malo-ney, which further cemented my belief that good government is one that helps people. The high cost of living in New York and the strains of paying tuition out-of-pocket still brought great chal-lenges, but with DACA I felt that any-thing was possible. ‘‘Now that DACA is on its last breaths, I have no doubt that the cour-age and hope it has given us will carry us on until we all take our oath of alle-giance.’’ So beautiful. Thank you, Diego de la Vega. From Congresswoman YVETTE  C
LARKE , another proud Brooklyn Rep-resentative. She was here before, but I thank Congresswoman C
LARKE . Joel Perez Hernandez is a New York public school graduate and proud New Yorker whose parents brought him to Brooklyn as a young child. In Sep-tember 2015, his Deferred Action was expiring. He set an appointment to renew his status and was beginning to save his money to pay for the associ-ated fees. Around this time, a small family emergency arose among his mother and her family in Mexico. With a fatal mis-understanding of the protections af-forded by DACA, he and his family de-cided he was in the best position to travel to Mexico and still be allowed to return to the United States. Unfortunately, he and his family did not have a strong understanding of how our immigration system currently works. As a result, 2 years after the Senate voted to protect DREAMers, Joel is now stuck in Mexico, a country that he does not know, with his girlfriend and life partner, Ambien, an American citizen. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.091 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H959 February 7, 2018 
Joel had no intention to break our immigration laws and would never have been in this position if this body had simply done its job back in 2013. Joel’s story illustrates the cost of our decisions and reminds us why we must take action now to protect DREAMers. This is not an unusual thing where there are family emergencies or a death in the family across the border or something and people don’t fully un-derstand that just going for that just destroys—under current law, makes it very hard for them to come back. This is from Representative C
A´RDENAS , who was with us earlier. I thank him for being with us earlier. This is a letter to him from a graduate student: ‘‘I am a current graduate student at the University of Southern California School of Social Work. As part of my curriculum, I am taking a class on pol-icy and advocacy where I am doing a project on a piece of legislation. My focus for this project is on immigra-tion, particularly on the newly intro-duced bill known as the BRIDGE Act, which will expand DACA for 3 years. ‘‘As an undocumented student, I am worried about my future here in the United States. I came to the United States at age 9, in 2001. I graduated with a B.A.’’—bachelor of arts—‘‘in so-ciology, with a minor in Women’s Studies from Cal State Northridge in 2015. Thanks to DACA, I have been able to achieve my dreams of obtaining higher education as well as to be able to work here legally.’’ That is so important, to get an edu-cation, to work legally to serve in the military. ‘‘Having lived and attended public school all my life here, I don’t know any other country I can call home. ‘‘I had a very supportive system dur-ing my high school years. I graduated from San Fernando High School with honors. I volunteered. I served in the community, student body, and to this day, I am working for the betterment of my community working for the Los Angeles Family Housing. ‘‘Now that Donald Trump is Presi-dent, I am concerned about my future and that of my community. I want for others to have the same opportunities that I have had so far. ‘‘I hope that you can allocate some of your time for me to talk to you about the importance of this bill and why it matters, not only to me, but to the en-tire community. ‘‘Alejandro Castro, Master’s of Social Work Candidate.’’ And this is from G
RACE NAPOLITANO . Are you still with us? Thank you, G
RACE . I see we have been joined by A
LBIO S
IRES from New Jersey. We have had many DREAMers from New Jersey’s testimony. And D
ONALD PAYNE , I read your testi-mony earlier, D
ONALD . Thank you for being with us. Congresswoman, I have been refer-ring to you as the godmother of all of this all day. Congresswoman LUCILLE  R
OYBAL -ALLARD . I acknowledged Congressman G
ARAMENDI who was here before and came back again, thank you. Mr. G
REEN , I acknowledged him be-fore when he was here, thank you. They are coming and going. Congresswoman N
APOLITANO of Cali-fornia’s constituents have said this: Diego Garcia Ramirez, 31-year old man from El Monte, provider for his wife and three kids. He just had DACA ap-proved at the end of July and considers the opportunity of DACA a blessing from God. He has been able to provide a stable living for his family. He was brought to the U.S. at age 3. A real statement of it can work. Cynthia Lopez Lopez, 26-year-old woman from El Monte also, waiting for her work authorization document to renew and fears she would lose her job at Wells Fargo. She is the caregiver for her mom, who is awaiting a lung trans-plant. She is the only source of income and pays for rent, medical bills, and es-sentials. Imagine that, to have all of that challenged. But it is, again, it is the strength, the commitment to family that all of these people have that strengthens America, and that is what argues for family unification in our im-migration policy. That is a subject for another day. For today, we are talking about the DREAMers. Again, from M
IKETHOMPSON , whom I acknowledged earlier, he has another testimony, M
IKE THOMPSON of Cali-fornia. Denia Candela was born in Acapulco, Guerrero, Mexico. Today she lives in Sonoma Valley, California, and is his constituent. Denia is a 2011 alumni of 10,000 Degrees, an organization that serves low-income and first-generation students. 10,000 Degrees, that means degrees from college, not temperature. She graduated from Sonoma State University in 2016 with a B.A. in ap-plied statistics and a concentration in the actuarial field. She is currently involved in several different organizations and serves as a board member of the Sonoma Valley Education Foundation in the Sonoma Valley Unified School District. She is also involved as a commissioner for Sonoma County Regional Parks. Her current position as the enroll-ment and outreach manager for a non-profit has allowed her to serve families who need early education services through State-funded preschools. Denia is now in her second year as a board member for Los Cien Sonoma County. Above everything else, she is a mother to a wonderful 7-year-old. She received DACA in 2012. DACA opened doors for her, allowing her to provide for her son and give back to the community that has seen her grow. Denia is a DREAMer. Thank you for dreaming, and thank you for inspiring us to dream as well. T
EDLIEU, testimony from T EDLIEU’s district, who was with us until a few minutes ago. Josefina is an undocumented Califor-nian who is originally from Colima, Mexico. Her testimony has been pre-sented by Representative TEDLIEU from California. Josefina migrated to the United States when she was 3 years old. Well, her family immigrated to the United States when she was 3 years old, and she was with them. Although she be-came aware of her immigration at an early age, her status had never defined her. She had transformed uncertainty into determination. When she graduated high school, she became hyperaware of the financial constraints faced by immigrant youth. Josefina was able to afford her under-graduate education at UCLA by work-ing multiple jobs and by applying to many scholarships. She would com-mute 2 hours every day, each way, to UCLA on a daily basis because she could not afford to dorm. Her main motivation is her mother, who is also an immigrant. Her per-sistent determination to provide for her family convinces Josefina of her ability to surmount the barriers she faces as an undocumented student. Today, she is earning her Ph.D. at UCLA. Her Ph.D. at UCLA. Her research interests include the health and aging of the undocumented population. Her scholarly work has been supported by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and the Institute for Humane Studies. She believes re-search is a way to rewrite the nar-ratives of the undocumented commu-nity in the United States: Undocu-mented people are the backbone of U.S. society, she writes, yet we are dehu-manized, tokenized, and invisibalized. That is a good word. This prompts the need for a solution to immigration, which is long overdue. You are so right, Josefina. M
ARKDESAULNIER , whom I acknowl-edged earlier, is here with us. M
ARKis there. I thank M
ARK. This is from Marco of Contra Costa County, represented by Congressman M
ARK DESAULNIER . He is with us and has been with us for a long time today. It is from Marco, who says: ‘‘Thanks to DACA, I have been able to give back to the community in more profound ways. Because I was granted employment authorization, I was able to work for 2 years as a case manager in reentry services. I helped members of my community find their way back into society after being in prison. I as-sisted them in managing their sobriety and finding stable employment and housing.’’ God bless you, Marco. ‘‘Currently, I am working in a non-profit that provides free psychosocial services to cancer patients. My only dream in life is to be able to give back to my community, to help make them safer. I am also working on my mas-ter’s in counseling and am on a licen-sure track as a marriage and family therapist. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.093 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH960 February 7, 2018 
‘‘I plan to use my license to continue working with the chemically depend-ent and criminal populations. I want to help make our communities safer. DACA allows me to continue working on my dream.’’ That is beautiful, Marco. Remember what the Lord said in the Gospel of Matthew: When I was in prison, you visited me. Thank you for doing that. b1730 Elias Rosenfeld, Boston, Massachu-setts. I met Elias at the Faith Leaders Event. I had the privilege to meet Elias this month, when he came to the Cap-itol with DREAMers and faith leaders so he could share his story. Born in Venezuela, Elias came to the United States as a young child. Shortly after his mother passed away, United States Citizenship and Immigration Services filed a letter notifying him that he was now an undocumented in-dividual, unable to receive healthcare, work and provide for his family, or ob-tain a driver’s license to commute to and from school. Elias, however, fought to find a solution. He founded United Student Immigrants, USI, a student- led community-based organization that helped over 300 undocumented students be able to afford a college education. Elias has also partnered with the Florida High School Young Democrats and The Children’s Trust, and lobbied over 200 State legislators in support of State-sponsored immigrant child healthcare, which resulted in the pass-ing of the Senate and House bills pro-tecting healthcare for over 22,000 chil-dren in Florida. Elias has spearheaded student demonstrations at over 20 State and Federal congressional offices in support of the Dream Act. He received a 6-year full-merit schol-arship to Brandeis University under the TYP social justice scholarship pro-gram. Recently, Elias worked in campaigns in Florida and New Hampshire as a campaign fellow and intern for the im-migration department for Senator E
LIZABETH WARREN . He also shared with us his religious beliefs that day. He made a very, very impressive presentation. Thank you, Elias. I had the privilege to meet Andrea Ortiz this month, when she came to the Capitol to share her story with Mem-bers, faith leaders, and the American people. Andrea Carolina Ortiz Duran is a God-driven, passionate, creative lead-er. Born in Leon, Mexico, Andrea mi-grated to the United States at the age of 6 with her parents and four siblings. She was able to successfully apply for the DACA program. Having successfully navigated the education system as a first-generation undocumented student, she became a role model for her siblings and commu-nity members. She graduated with honors in busi-ness administration from the Cali-fornia State Polytechnic University, Pomona, with a focus in management, human resources, and entrepreneur-ship. Andrea seeks to use her experi-ence, education, and skills to support in uplifting Latino/Hispanic commu-nities and underrepresented students. Faith and family, together, is what drives Andrea to keep pushing forward in life. Again, from some other Members, from ALMA ADAMS , who was with us earlier, from North Carolina. She tells the story of Brenda Montanez. Brenda Montanez was born in San Luis Potosi, Mexico, and came to Char-lotte, North Carolina, as a child with her parents. Brenda always knew she wanted to attend college, and because of DACA, she was able to. At 18, Brenda enrolled at Johnson C. Smith Univer-sity in Charlotte, where she is a stu-dent leader. She is a founding member of the Latinos Aiming for Achievement, LAFA, a group founded to give Latino students on campus a voice in the com-munity and a place to meet and discuss issues impacting them. To date, there are 32 members of the organization. Brenda is one of many students na-tionwide who has been able to achieve her goals of earning a secondary degree thanks to DACA. Thank you, A
LMAADAMS , for submit-ting Brenda’s story. This is from Representative J
ARED  H
UFFMAN from California: Alex DeLeon is a talented young woman who in-terned in Representative H
UFFMAN ’s of-fice. He recently invited her to speak at a townhall on the future of DACA, and here is what she said: ‘‘I’m smart. I’m resilient. I’m hard-working. I’m a DREAMer. I’m going to make something out of myself one day, but only if programs like DACA live on. And I’m not the only one: your classmate is a DREAMer, your lawyer is a DREAMer, and your boss is a DREAMer. We’re worth protecting and we’re here to stay. That’s why I’m get-ting out there and urging Congress to save the DACA program to allow near-ly 800,000 young Americans, like me, to keep working towards their aspirations and contributing to the only country that they call home.’’ I have had the occasion to have a conversation with Alex DeLeon. She is a remarkable young woman in doing so much in the community to give back. I am so glad that J
ARED HUFFMAN has called her testimony to our attention. P
ETER WELCH from Vermont and R
ICKLARSEN from the State of Wash-ington are here. Congressman W
ELCH calls to our at-tention the story about a DREAMer that he knows, and it is a letter from Juan Conde. I will preface this by say-ing Juan Conde, bachelor’s of science, master’s of science, Ph.D. in bio-chemistry and molecular biology, cur-rent medical student at the University of Vermont, all of that. I am telling you, this rug is killing me. Standing up is nothing, being hun-gry is nothing, being thirsty is noth-ing. It is the rug that is getting to me. Juan Conde writes: ‘‘Dear Congress-man Welch, I am writing to tell you my story about DACA in the hope that you and your colleagues will come up with a legislative solution to this issue. I am one of the ‘DREAMer kids.’ I have lived most of my life in the U.S. and consider it my home. ‘‘Throughout my life, I have been driven to understand cancer and have dedicated my studies to obtain the training needed to help cancer pa-tients. My mother passed away from cancer, and this tragedy made me real-ize that I wanted to dedicate my life to fighting this disease. This is why I spent a decade of my life in research, first in apoptosis during my M.S., and then DNA repair of tobacco and smoke carcinogenesis for my doctorate stud-ies. ‘‘I chose science because, at the time, it was impossible for undocumented students to attend medical school, and I wanted to have an impact on a dis-ease that had affected my family. It was difficult to obtain my degree as an undocumented student, but I persisted because I believed in the promise of the American Dream. ‘‘When DACA was announced, it transformed my life. Suddenly I could be paid for the research I was doing. I could drive, I could be free from the fear of deportation, knowing that all my hard work and dedication would not be meaningless, and that the idea of America and her promise were alive and strong. It also meant that medical schools, including my current school, UVM’s Larner College of Medicine, changed their policies and gave DACA students a chance to enroll. ‘‘I understand that legislation takes time, but if there is anything you can do to help DACA students, including a discharge petition, please do so. If you do, you will have the gratitude of a group of dedicated individuals who wish nothing more than to give back to the only country they have ever known.’’ Okay. So now this one says: Today, the bipartisan Problem Solvers Caucus wrote to Speaker PAUL RYAN to re-quest a ‘‘Queen of the Hill’’ rule to gov-ern debate on competing DACA and border security proposals to establish the official position of the U.S. House of Representatives. Last week, the 48-member Problem Solvers Caucus announced a bipartisan set of principles that lay the ground-work for a deal on DACA and border se-curity. The letter was led in the Problem Solvers Caucus by F
REDUPTON , Repub-lican from Michigan; and P
ETER  W
ELCH . The text of the letter can be found below and here: ‘‘Dear Mr. Speaker, the President challenged us last fall to legislate the DACA program rather than relying on executive orders to determine its fate. The President has also asked us to ad-dress border security. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.094 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H961 February 7, 2018 
‘‘DACA is an important issue in all of our States. And, as we know, the pro-gram’s original intent was to protect from deportation eligible children and young adults who were brought to this country through no fault of their own. We have learned through multiple re-ports that the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement has moved to de-port many who have been here for years, including some who are now married with children. Many have paid their taxes and have no serious crimi-nal record. Many know no other way of life. ‘‘There are a number of worthy Mem-ber proposals that should be properly debated and voted on by the House. Some are bipartisan and would end the uncertainty and distress that some 800,000 DACA recipients are enduring. Others would also address the issue of border security and broader immigra-tion reform issues. ‘‘Mr. Speaker, we seek your commit-ment that the House will address the uncertainty of the DACA-eligible popu-lation in a timely fashion, either sepa-rately or as part of a broader package, using an open and inclusive process that allows the House to work its will. ‘‘Specifically, we seek your commit-ment that the House will debate and vote on all serious and substantive pro-posals, particularly those offered on a bipartisan basis, as well as any bill ap-proved by the full Senate. A ‘Queen of the Hill’ rule should be employed that establishes the proposal receiving the most votes as the position of the House. ‘‘We accept the responsibility to reach consensus on a legislative solu-tion to DACA and are determined to re-solve this issue. We believe immigra-tion reform should be bipartisan and that only an open process allowing for the best ideas from both sides will dem-onstrate to the American people that we can find common ground.’’ That was a letter from the Problem Solvers Caucus, led by Representative F
RED UPTON , Republican from Michi-gan; and P
ETER WELCH , Democrat from Vermont. This is very important because we are talking about Queen of the Hill. As you know, my colleagues, there are several options to come to the floor. One is Queen of the Hill; one is King of the Hill. Queen of the Hill means the bill that gets the most votes is the bill that pre-vails. It would go to conference with the Senate; or if it is the Senate bill, would go to the President’s desk. King of the Hill, which we are not ad-vocating, is the one that wins last. We want the one that gets the most votes, the one that wins the most votes. This time, the queen should pre-vail. I appreciate the letter from F
RED U
PTON and P ETER WELCH because it talks about some very important things: a bipartisan, open process. That brings people together: biparti-sanship, transparency, unity. I thank the caucus for this. Okay. We have another story from Houston, from SHEILA JACKSON LEE. Andrea Ramos Fernandez is a local San Antonio DREAMer, who adores San Antonio, as any true San Antonian would. In 2005, Andrea was 8 years old when she moved to the United States. She was too young to realize the spring break vacation her mother had planned was a permanent move—that that vacation was a permanent move. This move was influenced by economic instability, paired with her father’s stabbing in a taxi cab in Mexico City. Once Andrea and her mother made it to the U.S., Andrea’s grandparents, who are U.S. citizens, began the proc-ess to legalize Andrea’s mother. What Andrea’s grandparents didn’t realize was that the broken immigra-tion system made it difficult to grant Andrea’s mother a green card, that im-migration process being over 23 years, leaving Andrea out of the possibility to adjust her status. ‘‘Chain migration’’—we call it family unification—has been a broken issue within the government, and in this case, Andrea’s grandparents could do nothing to change her status. That is why we want to improve it. So Andrea grew up undocumented. She grew up pledging allegiance to the American flag, watching American car-toons on Saturday mornings, and get-ting good grades. Andrea’s academic performance was so great that her first academic award was the President’s Award, which was signed by then- President Obama. Andrea continued her education with academic excel-lence, achieving high marks, eventu-ally graduating Churchill High School with honors. Her grades then led her to get a full ride at Texas State University in San Marcos, Texas, where she pursued a ca-reer in healthcare for 2 years. Eventu-ally, Andrea decided to transfer to the University of Texas in San Antonio, where she is now currently studying public policy while being a student leader on her campus. Andrea has been involved in various projects around the city of San Anto-nio, working as the lead immigration fellow for MOVE San Antonio. She has also pushed for educational initiatives on her campus, leading to the creation of the first onsite DREAMer Center on a college campus in Texas. Because of her leadership, Andrea has been given the opportunity to visit D.C. to lobby for the Dream Act and is now asking the Congress and Senate to act on bipartisan legislation. Andrea graduates in December of 2018, 4 months after her DACA expires. While Andrea is worried about what that may mean to her, she worries more about her community, whom she sees as a community full of promise. Andrea is an American who adores and believes in the American promise. Andrea cheered when the Spurs won their fourth championship in 2007, and once more in 2014. Okay. That was then. This is now. Okay. She also mourned with our country in some of our worst tragedies, as this country’s pain was also her own. Therefore, she asks to be given the op-portunity to prove she is already an American. How lovely. How lovely, Andrea. A little bit of my Golden State Warriors coming in there when she was talking about the Spurs, but anyway. From Congresswoman R
OYBAL - A
LLARD , who is with us, the godmother of it all, we have this testimony from one of her student DREAMers: ‘‘I am a student of East Los Angeles College and part of your congressional district. I am very concerned about the initia-tive President Donald Trump took to-wards the DACA program. He gave Congress 6 months to find a solution. As of today, there has been no progress and many are losing the protection they had with DACA. I am asking to fight for a clean Dream Act for all. The immigrant community is a hard-working group of individuals that are in this country for a better life, mean-ing that they want to work, educate themselves, be in the Army, and have all the benefits this country provides to make it an even better place to live in. ‘‘Sincerely, Luvia Navarrete, DACA recipient.’’ To Congresswoman L
UCILLE ROYBAL - A
LLARD , this letter begins: ‘‘Hi, Mrs. Lucille. I am Ana Garay from District 40. I am a DACA student from East Los Angeles College and I wanted to tell you my concerns about the DACA prob-lem that is going on right now. I want-ed to tell you I am really scared of what could happen in the next months, because, as other students, I want to accomplish my dreams and be a proud Latina, as you are. I hope that we fight together for what we want for our fu-ture as a community, because we are known as the one that fights to-gether.’’ Signed, Ms. Ana Garay. In the previous letter that I was reading from, the one from San Anto-nio, she talks about how many years it would take for the grandparents to help the daughter to become legal and to get a green card. The other day, there was an article in the paper, a big, long article, about how backed up the green card applications are; years, years. So even the people who want to be doing things on schedule, many peo-ple are here not because they came il-legally, but because the process took so long that their opportunity expired. b1745 This is from Congresswoman R
OSA D
ELAURO , who has joined us. Thank you, Congresswoman D
ELAURO . ‘‘Dear Representative DeLauro: I was honored to intern in your Washington office and learn more about the govern-ment of the United States and, more specifically, responding to constitu-ents’ concerns. ‘‘Walking through the long tunnels that connect the congressional build-ings to the Capitol, I began to envision 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.096 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH962 February 7, 2018 
myself working in the District of Co-lumbia upon graduation. But like for many people, the election results have forced me to take a different path. ‘‘After the Presidential election, all the stability that had allowed my fam-ily and me to become part of the Amer-ican life was turned into fear and doubt about our future. ‘‘Not only has the President-elect vowed to deport millions of undocu-mented immigrants, but he also prom-ised to remove the DACA program. For this reason, I had to return to New Haven and assist my family as we fig-ure out which decisions are best to take moving forward. Thus, I am sorry to inform you I will no longer be able to continue my internship in your Washington, D.C., office. ‘‘I want to express that, while I am in constant fear questioning whether I’ll be able to complete my undergraduate degree, or if my U.S.-citizen sister will be separated from us, I am not giving in. ‘‘My best memory working in your office was running into an old em-ployer who came to the office for a Capitol tour. Reflecting on the aspira-tions I had working as a busser to get myself through high school, I remem-ber your persona always providing me with hope. ‘‘That hope has grown exponentially as I reminisce on the times you walked into the office and greeted all your in-terns with such gratitude and enthu-siasm. ‘‘With infinite gratitude.’’ Thank you, Congresswoman D
ELAURO , for submitting this testi-mony to us and recognizing the dif-ficult decisions that families have to make in the interest of families stay-ing together. Thank you. N
IKITSONGAS of Massachusetts has joined us. Thank you. Congresswoman G
WENMOORE of Wisconsin has joined us as well. Congresswoman F
REDERICA  W
ILSON of Florida has joined us as well. Thank you, Congresswoman W
ILSON , for joining us. Again, this is from Representative W
ATSON COLEMAN : Another con-stituent, Diana Dı´az, who is 22 years old. She came to the United States from Mexico with her mother and two older siblings in 2002 when Diana was 7 years old. They settled in Somerset, New Jersey, where her mother worked long hours to ensure that her children could focus all their attention on school. Diana graduated from high school in New Brunswick, New Jersey. While still in high school, Diana herself worked a full-time job to help support her family. After high school, she at-tended Middlesex County Community College, where she got her associate’s degree in education. She then contin-ued her higher education and trans-ferred to Rutgers-Newark in the fall of 2016. There she majors in public admin-istration and minors in Spanish. Diana has aspirations to continue her education and enroll in a master’s pro-gram to become a certified legal inter-preter. Wow. That is hard. She hopes to head back to New Brunswick and work in the public school system as an administrator to help students just like her. She also wants to create a nonprofit organiza-tion to assist various ethnic groups with gaining access to higher edu-cation. Diana truly believes that the edu-cation she received in New Jersey was so valuable to her overall success, and she wants to give back so that others can follow suit. I just want to dwell on this for a mo-ment because she is talking about edu-cation being invaluable to her success, and she wants to give back so that oth-ers can follow suit. I hope that the Italian-American, Irish-American, Ger-man-American, Dutch-American, all of the ethnic groups that are here in our country take full pride in the example they have set for how the American Dream works in America, because what you see with these DREAMers just fol-lows so closely with what our families did, our ancestors did coming here. The idea that education was key to upward mobility and to reaching per-sonal aspirations, that faith and family and a work ethic were an important part of how you were regarded in America—and this may be what is in their DNA as they come to the United States, but it is clear they had master-ful, great examples to show how to achieve the American Dream in all of the waves of immigration that came before. Family, faith, community, edu-cation, patriotism, love of America. So beautiful. And Diana spells it out so clearly here. Another one from Representative JAYAPAL of Washington State. We heard from her earlier. She was with us earlier, Representative J
AYAPAL . She is on the Judiciary Committee, a leader on immigration. She is an immigrant herself. Twenty-two-year-old Esther was a hardworking and valued intern in Rep-resentative J
AYAPAL ’s office last year. She is also a DREAMer who came to the United States with her parents and younger sister when she was just 3 years old from South Korea. When they arrived on a visa, Esther’s parents sought help from an immigration law-yer to obtain more permanent legal status in the United States. They filled out applications, paid their dues, and gave the lawyer most of the money they had. And he ran away with all of it. He scammed them and left them with nothing. Esther’s parents’ visas expired. They had little money. They pushed their kids around in shopping carts because a stroller was too expensive. Then they started over. They built their lives in the United States. They raised a smart, passionate daughter who is now a sen-ior at Harvard. The DACA status Esther obtained in 2013 helped to give her the freedom to pursue her own American Dream. Even when Esther’s DACA status was secure, she said that typical safe spaces like hospitals, police stations, and doctor’s offices filled her with fear because DACA doesn’t afford protections to her family. She also hides her status and worries what would happen if someone she trusted outed them to immigration authorities. Unless we take immediate action to help DREAMers, Esther’s future is even more uncertain. Thank you, Es-ther, for sharing your story with us. Thank you, Congresswoman JAYAPAL , for sharing it. We have been joined by C
EDRIC RICH-
MOND , the distinguished chair of the Congressional Black Caucus. Earlier I read statistics from the caucus about how many people were DREAMers from the Caribbean, from Nigeria, et cetera. We read some testimony that was from our press conference by the DREAMer sent by K
AMALA HARRIS from Belize and coming from the African-American community now. Thank you for com-ing, Congressman R
ICHMOND . Now we have one from David Vasquez, a DREAMer I have met. David was born in Germany and moved to the United States at age 13. He grew up in Elk Grove Village, Illinois, and grad-uated at the top of his high school class. He earned a full-ride scholarship to Bowdoin College through QuestBridge, an organization that links low-income students with top col-leges in the U.S. David graduated from Bowdoin with a double major in economics and Ger-man and was able to spend two sum-mers interning at Goldman Sachs. He later joined AlphaSights, a high- growth startup. At AlphaSights, David established the firm’s San Francisco office and grew it from 8 to 25 employ-ees. That is an important point because many of these DREAMers have started businesses, created jobs; by creating small businesses and being entre-preneurs, small and larger jobs. That is really an important part of our econ-omy. Jesper Kim from Fotorama: Jesper is a South Korean-born immigrant brought to the United States when he was 2 years old. He received his associ-ate’s degree and is pursuing a degree in computer science while working at his high school’s photography studio. He continues to volunteer at his church and in his high school’s Key Club. Evelyn Valdez-Ward from Irvine, California: Graduate student, Univer-sity of California, Irvine. A first-gen-eration, female, Hispanic, undocu-mented scientist, Evelyn constantly seeks to dismantle economic, racial, and cultural barriers. She is part of the 1 percent of 800,000 DACA students pur-suing postgraduate education. In addition to studying climate change’s impact on planet productivity and drought tolerance, she is a strong and loud advocate for her undocu-mented community. I would say ‘‘vocal.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.098 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H963 February 7, 2018 
Evelyn received her B.S. in biology from the University of Houston-Down-town in 2016. As an undergraduate, she spent 3 years on a variety of research projects that sparked her passion for ecology. In 2013, she helped to create a planet-water transport model using chaparral shrubs to test drought toler-ance in collaboration with Drs. Michael Tobin, Brandon Pratt, and Anna Jacobson of California State Univer-sity, Bakersfield. This is very impor-tant research. In 2014 and 2015, she worked under the direction of Drs. Scott Mangan, Mi-chael Tobin, and Claudia Stein at Washington University in St. Louis, Tyson Research Center, where she studied phylogenetic relationships and the effects of drought in prairie grass-lands. As a second-year Ph.D. student in the Department of Ecology and Evolution-ary Biology at the University of Cali-fornia, Irvine and Ford Foundation Predoctoral Fellowship, she is cur-rently studying the effects of climate change on the interaction between plants and their soil microbes. She is dedicated to combining her scientific training with mentoring of underrepresented minorities in STEM, especially within the community of un-documented students. Evelyn aims to inspire the next generation of sci-entists by pushing forward the mission to diversify STEM. Thank you for that, Evelyn. Again, many of the great discoveries in Amer-ica came from immigrants coming here. Many of the great academic minds in our country came from an-other country. But then, at the same time, America produced our own, and that is a pretty exciting combination. Ana Cueva: Ana Cueva was a young Mexican immigrant who has called Utah and the United States home since 1998 when she was 5 years old. We have a number of DREAMers from Utah, so we thank them for speaking up. From this young age, she was always taught the importance of education, hard work, and family. Beyond the val-ues her parents instilled in her, her fu-ture was also shaped when a year after arriving to this country her mom be-came very ill. This experience gave her a desire to help others, and she began to forge a path on her journey to find her calling in nursing. In fact, nursing was solidified as her American Dream when she was just 9 years old. To achieve this dream, she under-stood how important it was to honor her parents’ decisions and dedicated herself to education and community. As a teenager, she quickly became a volunteer at her local hospital and later was elected president of the Na-tional Honor Society for her high school chapter. She attended an accel-erated high school, earned her associ-ate’s degree in science at 17, and grad-uated in the top 10 percent of her sen-ior class. She continued her studies a year later with the help of DACA. Now she prides herself in being able to say she achieved her professional dream of being a registered nurse, BSN, cur-rently working in the shock therapy ICU at a Level I trauma center in Utah. She graduated with high honors from Utah Valley University in Decem-ber 2016. Thank you, Ana Cueva, for sharing your story with us. Keyla Garcia Espino of Wyoming: Kayla Garcia Espino came to the United States when she was 5 years old from Mexico. In 2016 she earned her bachelor’s degree in business adminis-tration with a concentration in ac-counting from Ferris State University. Keyla is the deputy treasurer for the city of East Grand Rapids and has been working for the city for almost 3 years. Her DACA expires in October of 2018. May I correct the R
ECORD . She is not from Wyoming—she is from Wyoming, Michigan. Is that a city in Michigan? Wyoming? This is from C
OLLEEN HANABUSA , who has been with us for a large part of the day, this testimony. Am I not lucky to be able to become so familiar with so many of these beautiful DREAMers? We want to send these people back? This talent, this rich talent? This achievement, this determination, this faith in the future, this patriotism for America? I don’t think so. b1800 We have to make it happen. I have confidence. Hi, my name is Sisilia Kaufusi. I am a DACA recipient. My parents came to the United States of America seeking the American Dream. I and my siblings came here when we were young. I was 4 when my mother and I came to the USofA. It was not until I was a senior in high school that I found out I had no legal status in this country of opportu-nities. Today, I humbly ask that you issue legal resident status to those who have benefited from President Obama’s De-ferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA). President John F. Kennedy said: ‘‘Ask not what your country can do for you—ask what you can do for your country.’’ Over 700,000 people have benefited from this program. This pro-gram had opened the doors for not only myself, but other undocumented chil-dren. Thanks to DACA, they have ob-tained education, employment, and other leadership roles with their com-munity. Within their community so that they can do something for our country. President-elect Trump said he will end this program or allow this program to expire. By doing so, he is slamming the door on the face of DACA recipi-ents, which will undoubtedly damage communities and the economy across the country, and perhaps even across the world. DACA recipients feel a sense of danger, which is why I write this let-ter today. People that have benefited from DACA have no other objective in mind than to become positive members of the U.S. community. Those with se-vere criminal backgrounds did not and do not qualify for DACA. And this is a letter from Sisilia to Congresswoman COLLEEN HANABUSA : With this in mind, I respectfully ask that you forgive DACA recipients and urge you to pass legislation which al-lows DACA recipients to become U.S. residents and protect the information they have turned to the Department of Homeland Security, in order to return peace of mind to these families imme-diately. It is only with your help that we continue working for a better America. It is interesting, as we read these let-ters—I am sure my colleagues would agree—to see how many families hesi-tated to tell their children about their status. I can understand why they would not want to frighten them, but nonetheless, when they do find out, they are very shocked by it. We shouldn’t have that kind of fear and shock in our country, especially for our children. So while these parents took great risk, had great courage and determina-tion to protect their children, unfortu-nately, we didn’t have comprehensive immigration reform soon enough to have avoided some of those sad situa-tions. Congresswoman V
ELA´ZQUEZ has an-other testimonial from a DREAMer. Yatziri Tovar is a young New Yorker and, yes, an American, who faces an uncertain future. Yatziri Tovar came to the United States from Mexico at age 2. She is American in every way—except on paper. Last year, after a lot of hard work, Yatziri graduated from City Col-lege in New York. She achieved this goal while holding down a job at the same time she completed her studies. Because she is undocumented, Yatziri was not able to secure financial aid. Now Yatziri is giving back by work-ing with a community group that stands up for and empowers some of her most vulnerable neighbors, like other immigrants and low-income workers. Yatziri is exactly the type of person we want contributing to our Nation. Yet, Congress is now contemplating turning its back on young DREAMers like Yatziri. This is shameful. For young, patriotic people like Yatziri and for hundreds of thousands of young Americans—yes, Americans—we need to pass a Dream Act now. I appreciate this statement from Yatziri Tovar, but I hope that we can be more optimistic about the prospect of not turning our back, but on em-bracing our DREAMers by having a dis-cussion, a debate on the floor of the House and passing legislation. I hope the Speaker will give us in this House of Representatives the dig-nity that we deserve to be able to dis-cuss matters of concern to our con-stituents on the floor of this House and have the House of Representatives work its will in order to address this issue. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.099 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH964 February 7, 2018 
The Senate has gotten that privi-lege—not privilege—it is really a given, by the leader in the Senate, Mr. M
CCONNELL , in consultation with a bi-partisan group of Members, we have bi-partisan legislation, as has been said over and over. What we do should be bi-partisan, should be done openly, and should unify people. That should be a rule of thumb for everything we do. It is especially necessary to do this soon. Why? We ask the question: Why is the House cut out of this discussion? Why? We need that answer from the Speaker of the House. Why are we not given our constitutional opportunity to discuss this important issue? Just a few more from Members. Actually, I could stay here for the full 40 hours and do this, but I know that we have a vote to take, and the rest. So let us just conclude with Car-los Aguilar, same last name as our co-sponsors of the Hurd-Aguilar bill—no relation. Carlos migrated to the United States from Irapuato, Mexico, at the age of 14 and currently lives in Kerrville, Texas. After graduating from high school, he received his B.A. in psychology from Schreiner University. Carlos has also earned an M.S. in sociology at the Uni-versity of Texas at San Antonio. Cur-rently, he is attending the Harvard Graduate School of Education where he is pursuing a doctoral degree. Aware of the obstacles along undocu-mented students’ road, Carlos has de-voted his academic and professional en-deavors to issues relating to unauthor-ized migration as well as providing sup-port and guidance for this vulnerable population. In addition to academic attention to these issues, Carlos has remained ac-tive in the immigrant community as the Immigrant Youth Leadership coor-dinator at UTSA—that is University of Texas at San Antonio—as an associate legal assistant in an immigrant law firm. He has many accomplishments. Moreover, together with other un-documented and DACA students, Car-los coordinated students’ efforts at UTSA—University of Texas at San An-tonio—in mobilizing to defend their rights as undocumented and DACA stu-dents. Through the creation of Immi-grant Youth Leadership, they advo-cated and worked to improve the edu-cational experience of this population. I am just going to one more from California. I have to end on California. Kimberly came to the United States from Mexico and currently resides in Los Angeles. She is the only person in her family without papers and, in spite of the challenge, has risen to the occa-sion as an advocate for DREAMers. She implemented a resolution supporting DREAMers at her local community col-lege. She is involved in the advocacy community in Victorville and spent time as an intern in Congressman C
OOK’s office—bipartisan. She hopes to become a lawyer one day. We have been joined by Congress-woman SCHAKOWSKY . I thank the gen-tlewoman for being with us; Congress-woman K
ATHY CASTOR . I acknowledged the gentlewoman earlier. She was here before. And in back is Congresswoman C
AROL SHEA-PORTER ; Congresswoman R
OBIN KELLY ; Congressman S TEVE  C
OHEN is with us; Congressman J OHN D
ELANEY . I am trying to recognize just the ones I hadn’t acknowledged before: Con-gresswoman K
ATHERINE CLARK , Con-gresswoman J
ULIA BROWNLEY , Con-gresswoman J
ACKIE SPEIER . I acknowl-edged Congresswoman S
UZAN DELBENE, Congressman B
OBBY SCOTT, Congress-woman D
EBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Congressman B
RAD SHERMAN —I read your testimony earlier as I did yours, A
LMA—Congressman D AVID CICILLINE , Congresswoman Y
VETTE CLARKE —I read your testimony earlier as well. All the others I think I have ac-knowledged. Yes, H
ANK JOHNSON from Georgia, Congressman H
ANKJOHNSON . I think we have acknowledged all of the Members who are here. Congresswoman G
WEN MOORE , I acknowledged earlier when she was sitting over here. I will tell the gentlewoman who she was sit-ting next to. She was sitting next to Congresswoman N
IKITSONGAS at that time, but anyway, I acknowledge the gentlewoman again and thank her. Mr. Speaker, for the last 8 hours, I have had the privilege of reading the testimony of so many DREAMers. I still have more, but I thank all of you. It is a privilege to read the eloquent statements of the DREAMers as they express their love of America, their commitment to a better future for our country and their own families’ better future. It was a double honor to do so with the recommendations of the testimony that you all extended, presented, and to have so many of you here in the course of the day, a real tribute to the respect that we have for our DREAM-ers. So I accept your applause on behalf of them because it was their story, in their words—by and large—that I told, in addition to the Bible and the Catho-lic Conference of Bishops and Pope Francis and Pope Benedict and so many other religious groups that we have. But I thank all of you. Our basic request is: honor the House of Representatives. Give us a chance to have a vote on the floor. The Republican leader in the Senate, M
ITCH MCCONNELL , has gone forward with the budget proposal with the promise that he will give that oppor-tunity to the floor of the Senate. The Senate will work its will. We will see what they produce. We will work our will here and see what we produce, but it must be bipar-tisan, transparent, and unifying. We think that there has been a lot of groundwork. In our case, the Hurd- Aguilar bill is one option. The Senate bill may be another option. There may be other options that are proposed. I am just telling you about the bipar-tisan ones. Mr. Speaker, I thank the staff of the House of Representatives and the var-ious speakers at the House who have been up there with such courtesy—you smiled. You smiled. But most of all, let us thank and acknowledge the DREAMers for their courage, their op-timism, and their inspiration to make America more American. I thank my colleagues. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Allow me to just say that we con-tinue on this most important legisla-tion, H.R. 1153, and we have had the op-portunity to yield time to Leader PELOSI , and while she certainly came in to oppose this bill that we have be-fore us, having yielded 1 minute to the leader is the most profound 1 minute probably in the history of this institu-tion, that 1 minute that ended up 8 hours where Leader P
ELOSI talked about the plight of DACA and the DREAMers. And I am very proud that in yielding that 1 minute we had the opportunity to listen to Leader P
ELOSI deal with an issue and demand that we have an op-portunity to have a real debate and a real discussion in the people’s House. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased that we had that opportunity, and now let me just say, I have no further requests for time, and I am prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, American consumers are under attack by the Trump admin-istration and Republicans in Congress every day. We learn about either an-other effort to weaken guardrails, pro-tecting consumers from predatory ac-tors, or another Trump appointee re-fusing to hold bad actors accountable. Trump supporters at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Securities and Exchange Commission have basically stopped enforcing our Nation’s consumer and security laws. b1815 Mr. Speaker, as you know, there is a lot of excitement here because of what took place in the last 8 hours, so I don’t feel interrupted at all. I just feel very, very pleased that we had the op-portunity to have that speech by our leader. However, I will just continue. Let me just get to the fact that, again, Mick Mulvaney, whom Trump unlawfully ap-pointed as Acting Director of the Con-sumer Bureau, is gutting the Consumer Bureau’s Office of Fair Lending Equal Opportunity limiting the Consumer Bureau’s ability to stop bad actors from discriminating against commu-nities of color. News reports also suggest that Mulvaney has slowed down the Con-sumer Bureau’s investigation of Wells Fargo, the ultimate example of a recid-ivist megabank. Wells Fargo has pub-licly admitted to ripping off millions of Americans with fraudulent checking accounts, credit cards, forced-placed auto insurance, and much, much more. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.100 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H965 February 7, 2018 
But the Trump administration has a partner in its efforts to undermine con-sumer protections. House Republicans have been in lockstep with the Presi-dent when it comes to rolling back con-sumer protections. Take the Consumer Bureau’s rule on forced arbitration: Wall Street lobbied hard against this rule, and instead of putting consumers first, House Republicans passed a Con-gressional Review Act resolution to re-peal a rule that would have helped con-sumers who have been wronged by the big banks to join together to hold them accountable. But that is just one example of how House Republicans have tried to under-mine consumer laws. For years now, they have tried to cut the funding of the Consumer Bureau or to change its structure, and having failed in those attempts, they now have their inside man, Mick Mulvaney, who is working to destroy the Bureau from within. We shouldn’t be surprised since the chair-man of the Financial Services Com-mittee has said he wants to ‘‘finan-cially terminate’’ the Consumer Bu-reau. The bill before us today should be viewed as one part of this long line of attempts by my colleagues on the op-posite side of the aisle to undermine the fundamental consumer protection. Home buyers should not be gouged or swindled just because they want to own a home. H.R. 1153 would legitimize predatory kickbacks through affiliated firms. Megabanks, including bad actors like Wells Fargo, and other lenders would be incentivized to steer their borrowers into more costly products simply because they can. H.R. 1153 is a bad bill that will only line the pockets of Wall Street with the hard-earned savings of Main Street. But don’t just take my word for it. Civil rights groups and consumer advo-cates all agree that this is bad for America. So, despite all of the excitement that we have had here on the floor today with Leader P
ELOSI and the message that she brought to this Congress, I want all of our Members to simply re-ject President Trump’s and House Re-publicans’ attack on consumers. Vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 1153 and support Leader P
ELOSI in calling for a debate in this House on the issue dealing with DACA and the DREAMers. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ERGMAN ). The gentleman from Texas has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, we could not be more highly honored that the minority lead-er would take such an interest in H.R. 1533, the Mortgage Choice Act. I am reminded that there are Mem-bers who come to this great Chamber to make speeches, and there are those who come to make laws. When it comes to speeches, I would note that the Get-tysburg Address came in at 2 minutes, and Americans may think it had great-er eloquence. I would note that as the minority leader quoted the Bible frequently throughout her speech, it reminds me of Isaiah 1:18, ‘‘Come now, let us reason together, says the Lord.’’ Yet President Trump stood right there in the State of the Union Address with his hand out with an olive branch extending an open hand to work with Members of both parties on an immi-gration reform package. He offered a fair compromise. He offered a fair com-promise, and, instead, the minority leader slapped his hand and called it in-sulting, Mr. Speaker. She called it lame. She called it dangerous. This is not someone who has come to this Chamber, the people’s House, in order to make law. The President didn’t offer legalization. He offered a pathway to citizenship. He didn’t offer this for 700,000. He offered it for 1.8 mil-lion. He said: Let’s secure our borders, and let’s make sure that immigrants who come to this coun-try come legally and come with their sleeves rolled up coming to work and build America. 
There are those who want to solve a problem, and there are those who want to exacerbate a problem for the elec-tion. Meanwhile, Mr. Speaker, hard-working Americans need the oppor-tunity to get mortgages to buy their part of the American Dream. Every-thing that the ranking member said, she ought to share it with her own Democrats because half of them on our committee support H.R. 1533 which is good for America and good for prospec-tive home buyers. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all House Members to adopt it, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 725, the previous question is ordered on the bill. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. Accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 22 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. b1835 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. BERGMAN ) at 6 o’clock and 35 minutes p.m. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to clause 4 of rule XVI, I move that when the House adjourns today, it ad-journ to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow for morning-hour debate and 10 a.m. for legislative business. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: Suspending the rules and passing H.R. 3851, if ordered; Suspending the rules and passing H.R. 1997, if ordered; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
WAR CRIMES REWARDS EXPANSION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on suspending the rules and passing the bill (H.R. 3851) to amend the State De-partment Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to provide for rewards for the arrest or conviction of certain foreign nationals who have committed genocide or war crimes, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 407, nays 0, not voting 23, as follows: 
[Roll No. 61] YEAS—407 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.200 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH966 February 7, 2018 
Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—23 
Barraga´n Brady (PA) Bridenstine Crist Cummings Demings DeSantis Gowdy Harris Hartzler Hultgren Jones Katko Lewis (GA) Long Lynch Moulton Rouzer Shuster Sinema Trott Walker Walz 
b1906 Messrs. RICHMOND and GARAMENDI changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
UKRAINE CYBERSECURITY COOPERATION ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. A
DERHOLT ). The unfinished business is the question on suspending the rules and passing the bill (H.R. 1997) to en-courage United States-Ukraine cyber-security cooperation and require a re-port regarding such cooperation, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 404, noes 3, not voting 23, as follows: [Roll No. 62] AYES—404 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE7.003 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H967 February 7, 2018 
Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—3 
Amash Duncan (TN) Massie 
NOT VOTING—23 
Barraga´n Black Brady (PA) Bridenstine Crist Cummings Demings DeSantis Gowdy Harris Hartzler Hultgren Jones Katko Lewis (GA) Long Moulton Rouzer Shuster Sinema Trott Walker Walz 
b1916 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 210, noes 185, answered ‘‘present’’ 3, not voting 32, as follows: [Roll No. 63] AYES—210 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Budd Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Cicilline Clay Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Courtney Cramer Crawford Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeLauro DelBene Dent DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Estes (KS) Evans Ferguson Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garrett Gianforte Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Granger Griffith Guthrie Handel Harper Heck Hensarling Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Hunter Issa Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lewis (MN) Lipinski Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Marino Marshall McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palmer Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Speier Stefanik Stewart Takano Taylor Thornberry Titus Tsongas Wagner Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Young (IA) 
NOES—185 
Adams Aguilar Amash Bass Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Bost Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Buck Burgess Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clyburn Coffman Cohen Comer Connolly Correa Costa Costello (PA) Crowley Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney Denham DeSaulnier Diaz-Balart Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Espaillat Esty (CT) Farenthold Faso Fitzpatrick Flores Foxx Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gosar Gottheimer Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jordan Keating Khanna Kihuen Kilmer Kind Kinzinger Knight LaHood Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lee Levin Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Massie Mast Matsui McGovern McKinley McSally Meehan Meeks Messer Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran Palazzo Pallone Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rogers (AL) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sires Slaughter Soto Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Torres Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Zeldin ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—3 
Cleaver Garamendi Tonko 
NOT VOTING—32 
Barraga´n Biggs Black Brady (PA) Bridenstine Bucshon Chu, Judy Crist Culberson Cummings Demings DeSantis Gowdy Harris Hartzler Hultgren Jones Katko Larsen (WA) Lewis (GA) Long Moulton Peterson Ratcliffe Rice (NY) Rouzer Sa´nchez Shuster Sinema Trott Walker Walz 
b1924 So the Journal was approved. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
f 
WESTERN AREA POWER ADMINIS-TRATION TRANSPARENCY ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. A
RRINGTON ). The unfinished business is the question on suspending the rules and passing the bill (H.R. 2371) to re-quire the Administrator of the Western Area Power Administration to estab-lish a pilot project to provide increased transparency for customers, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE7.004 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH968 February 7, 2018 
GATEWAY ARCH NATIONAL PARK DESIGNATION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on suspending the rules and passing the bill (S. 1438) to redesignate the Jeffer-son National Expansion Memorial in the State of Missouri as the ‘‘Gateway Arch National Park’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
USDA FUNDING WILL HELP ERADI-CATE SPOTTED LANTERNFLY IN PENNSYLVANIA (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, earlier today, USDA Sec-retary Sonny Perdue announced $17.5 million in emergency funding to stop the spread of the spotted lanternfly in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The spotted lanternfly is beautiful, with its distinctive and colorful wings, but it is an invasive and threatening pest and its spread must be stopped. The spotted lanternfly is originally native to parts of China, India, Viet-nam, and Eastern Asia. It was first dis-covered in Berks County, Pennsyl-vania, but now has spread to 13 coun-ties. It is a threat to apples and grapes and peaches, stone fruits, and various tree species throughout Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania’s Agriculture Sec-retary Russell Reading has been work-ing to combat its spread, and this Fed-eral funding will only increase the Commonwealth’s ability to fight this pest. As vice chair of the House Agri-culture Committee, I have been work-ing with Congressman R
YAN COSTELLO  and Congressman L
LOYD SMUCKER and all members of the Pennsylvania dele-gation to ensure that we have the re-sources necessary to eradicate the spotted lanternfly. I applaud Secretary Perdue’s swift prevention efforts before the planthopper starts to reemerge this spring. 
f 
b1930 SPACEX (Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the extraordinary achievement of Elon Musk and SpaceX for the spectacular and historic launch of its giant Falcon Heavy rocket, now the world’s most powerful operational rocket, from Cape Canaveral on Tuesday, February 6, 2018. Besides the launch itself, which car-ried Mr. Musk’s personal Tesla Road-ster into space, SpaceX also achieved a second amazing feat by guiding two of the Falcon Heavy’s rocket boosters back to Earth for an upright landing. This rocket launch has paved the way for faster, cheaper launches of sat-ellites and cargo into space. So, as the representative of Califor-nia’s 43rd Congressional District, this milestone is especially meaningful to me. SpaceX is headquartered in my dis-trict in the city of Hawthorne, Cali-fornia, and employs thousands of tal-ented men and women in our commu-nity. I congratulate Elon Musk and SpaceX for continuing the great tradi-tion of achievement by aerospace com-panies in the South Bay. f 
OLIVIA, 7 YEARS OLD, WANTS TO PROTECT TREES (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have a letter here from one of my grandkids, 7-year-old Olivia. ‘‘January 28th. ‘‘Dear Congressman Poe, ‘‘I am writing to tell you that the en-vironment is very important to me. ‘‘We need to make sure that enough money is spent on keeping the world clene. ‘‘I love seeing all the beauty in the world. ‘‘I know that you agree with me that trees, flowers and lakes are worth pro-tecting. ‘‘I planted broccoli last year and I want every kid to have that oppor-tunity at their school too. ‘‘Please do your best! ‘‘Sincerely, Olivia. #8, Dallas, Texas.’’ Mr. Speaker, No. 8 is my grand-daughter Olivia. I call my 12 grandkids by their birth number. Well, Olivia, Mr. C
ICILLINE and I are introducing legislation to protect trees on government easements of interstate highways. Sometimes trees are cleared at tax-payer expense so that billboards on ad-jacent property can be seen. Olivia is right, ‘‘Trees are worth pro-tecting.’’ We should preserve the trees on the interstates because, as No. 8 says, ‘‘The environment is important.’’ And that is just the way it is. 
f 
RECOGNIZING OLYMPIC ATHLETES FROM THE CENTRAL COAST OF CALIFORNIA (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a couple of Olympic athletes from my district on the cen-tral coast of California. Brita Sigourney and Nick Cunningham will be representing Team USA at the Olympics in South Korea. Brita attended the same schools I went to, Carmel High and UC Davis. She is a freestyle skier, and she is the first woman to land a 1080 in competi-tion at the halfpipe run, and she is one of the top female freestyle skiers in the world. Nick is a bobsledder. He also went to one of the schools I went to: Monterey Peninsula College. He is a sergeant in the Army National Guard and a mem-ber of the Army’s World Class Athlete Program. Starting this Friday, Brita and Nick will compete on the world stage under the stars and stripes of our flag. As we know, the Olympics is an event where many different people from dif-ferent places come together and com-pete with one another for the thrill of victory and the agony of defeat, and in doing so, they provide their opponents with dignity and respect. Hopefully we here in Washington will not only watch the Olympics, but we will learn from Olympians like Brita and Nick, because it is our hometown athletes who not only understand what it takes to win, they know what it takes to represent the best team at the Olympics and the best country in the world. f 
NANCY PELOSI STANDS ON HER FEET WITH COMPASSION AND PASSION (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I think most of the world today saw the leader of the Democratic Caucus, N
ANCY PELOSI , stand on her feet with compassion and passion for the 800,000 DREAMers, those who are desperately in need of a solution, and 140,000 in the State of Texas. We pray that her stand-ing and reading those stories will move this body to do what is right. 
FEMA NEEDS TO BE COMPLETELY REORGANIZED  
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I also want to do what is right for my constituents. FEMA needs to be com-pletely reorganized. As a member of the Homeland Security Committee, we are seeking to divide FEMA into the emergency component and the long- term recovery. So many of my constituents have re-ceived FEMA denial letters. They don’t know what to do with those letters even though we have advocated for them to appeal. It is important for FEMA to address the question of these letters throughout the hurricane-dev-astated areas, including throughout Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Flor-ida, and beyond. People are hurting. FEMA must as-sess these denials. They must reach out 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.208 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H969 February 7, 2018 
again for review, and they must stand up for a long-term recovery of an amaz-ing, devastating flood like Hurricane Harvey that had 51.22 inches, 21 trillion gallons of water, and Houston under-water for a period of days. We must help the American people and Texans. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF THOMAS DAY, JR. (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Thomas Day, Jr. Thomas loved spending time with his four kids, Whitney, Candice, Kelsey, and Nolan, and his two grandkids. He loved boating with his family, cheering for the Pittsburgh Steelers, and coach-ing Little League baseball. He worked as an estimator for Por-trait Construction for more than 20 years and was very personable and friendly with everyone he met. His children’s friends called him ‘‘Daddy Day’’. Thomas will be remembered by all those who knew him as a fun-loving and amazing family man. I would like to extend my condo-lences to Thomas Day’s family and friends, and please note that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
f 
BRINGING JUSTICE TO DREAMERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, once again I am honored to stand in the well of the House of Representa-tives. I have been blessed and fortunate enough to stand here and to have the opportunity to vote on some of the great issues of our time. I am proud to say that I was here to vote on the Af-fordable Care Act, and I am proud to say that I still stand behind the Afford-able Care Act. I was here to vote on the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay legislation. I still stand behind what we did on that great occasion. I was here to vote on a good many pieces of legislation, but I must tell you, Mr. Speaker, I am very proud to have been here today to see the Honor-able N
ANCY PELOSI as she took a stand for those who cannot be here to stand for themselves. She took a stand for the DREAMers, and not only did she speak for them and stand up for them, she also literally took a stand on her feet for more than 8 hours in heels. Mr. Speaker, that is a part of history that I will forever remember, and I am proud to have been here, not in the room for the entirety of the time, I must tell you. A good many of us were afforded the opportunity to go in and out, but she stood there for the en-tirety of the 8 hours and spoke elo-quently about the needs of the DREAMers, spoke eloquently about the things that they have done to make our country a better place, spoke elo-quently about how America the Beau-tiful is a more beautiful America be-cause they are here. I would like to associate myself with her comments. I believe that she is a part of that avant garde that will ulti-mately bring justice to those young people who came here, not of their own volition, but who came here with some-one, some parent, some significant other, some person who had care, cus-tody, and control, and who have done all of the right things, save having been born here, and deserve an oppor-tunity to remain in this country. So, Ms. PELOSI , wherever you are, I want you to know that I have great ad-miration for you and I adore you for what you have done tonight. Mr. Speaker, I am here to also speak on behalf of a constituent, Mr. Jose Escobar. Mr. Speaker, he is my con-stituent. He lived in my congressional district. I do regret that he has been deported to El Salvador, but notwith-standing the distance between us, he is still my constituent, just as I had a constituent who was detained in China. Notwithstanding the distance, this was still my constituent, and we fought with her husband and her friends and other Members of Congress to get her back to the United States of America, and she has been returned. The entirety of that time while she was away, she still remained my con-stituent, just as I have a constituent who is currently in Syria being de-tained. We are going to fight to bring that constituent back. That constituent will be my constituent as long as I am in the Congress of the United States of America and that constituent is de-tained in Syria. My hope is that we will get our constituent back sooner rather than later, but it doesn’t matter about the time. What matters is that I am committed to stay with that con-stituent and make sure that his moth-er and father believe that we are work-ing with them to bring him home. So it is, Mr. Speaker, with Mr. Escobar. He is my constituent. He has been deported to San Salvador in El Salvador. Notwithstanding the fact that he has been deported, he is still someone that I am going to work to bring back to this country. Mr. Escobar came to this country at the age of 15. He was brought here. He came here right around the time the earthquakes took place in January of 2001. While he was here, there was an-other earthquake that took place on February 13, 2001. These earthquakes devastated El Salvador. There were people who died. Hundreds of people died. As we do in this country, we offered TPS, temporary protected status, to those persons who came here from El Salvador who were here in this coun-try. We didn’t want to send them back to devastation. We didn’t want to put them in harm’s way. We are a caring Nation. We showed how much we care by giving them the opportunity to have temporary protected status. His mother sought temporary pro-tected status for herself and her son. His mother believed that she and her son had temporary protected status. However, Mr. Speaker, later on when Mr. Escobar sought to get his renewal of the temporary protected status, he discovered that a mistake had been made. It is difficult to know what hap-pened, but it wasn’t done with any kind of malice aforethought. There was a mistake that was made that could have been corrected, I believe, but it wasn’t. Mr. Escobar did not run and hide. He presented himself. Mr. Escobar went to the authorities. He tried his best to correct this mistake, and in the proc-ess of doing this, he maintained a life, and in maintaining his life, he did what ordinary people do, what people do who are young: he married. He married Rose Escobar. While they were married, they had two beautiful children. He now has a daughter who is 4 years of age. He has a son who is 8 years of age. b1945 His son and his daughter are here in the United States of America, but I re-gret to inform you, Mr. Speaker, that Mr. Escobar is no longer in the United States of America because on March 7, 2006, he was married, but on March 7, 2006, he was removed from this coun-try. And it was done in such a way as to create great sorrow, great pain, within his family. At the time of his removal, he was working. At the time of his removal, he was doing all of the things that we ex-pect a man with a family to do. He was taking care of his children. He was a father to his children. He was taking care of his wife, and she was taking care of him. He was a good husband to his wife. He was, by all counts, by all standards, by any acid test, a good American, saving the fact that he was not born in the United States. But he went in for what he thought would be another visit because he had a work permit, and when he went in to visit the government by and through his agents and immigration, these au-thorities decided and did what I believe they were ordered to do. I hold no grudge against them. I think they were doing what was required of them. They were doing what they perceived to be their jobs. And in so doing, they detained him. And in detaining him, his wife left with their baby in her arms. She came be-lieving they would all return home to-gether, but she was separated from her husband, children separated from their father, and she went home and she cried. But she is strong. She did more than simply cry. She decided that she was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.210 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH970 February 7, 2018 
going to fight and she was going to get her husband returned home lawfully. It was a sad day, however, in her life to know that her children would not see their father for some time and did not have the opportunity to say good-bye. Her son wanted to know: Where is my father? And she had to give an expla-nation to her son, an explanation that did not meet with the circumstance, but he was young and she did not choose to tell him that agents of the government had taken their father away from them, the son and the daughter. So she told him that he was away. She allowed him to have the hope that he would return. She was hurt. He was sad. The father was taken away with $20 in his pocket and the clothes on his back, taken to a country that he had not been in for some 16 years. He had lived longer in this country than he lived in El Salvador. Dropped off at the airport in El Salvador with $20 in his pocket and the clothes on his back in a country where the gangs are, by defini-tion, terrorists. Legal definition, they are classified as terrorists, where they extort, where they do harm, such harm and such extortion that many people leave the country to save their chil-dren and prevent them from becoming a part of the terrorist gangs that roam the streets. He knew that he had to leave that airport before it was dark; hence, he decided to collaborate with others who were similarly situated. They put their money together and they acquired the services of a taxi to get them out of the heart of the city, to get them out into an area where they thought that they might have some degree of security. It cost him the entire $20, but there was someone that he was able to call who met him and took him to a place of safety. Even to this day he does not traverse certain areas. To this day, he does not have the sense of security that you and I have, Mr. Speaker. So he is still my constituent. He went to El Salvador, not by choice, dropped off at an airport, $20 in his pocket and the clothes on his back. His wife came to our office and has asked for our help, and we are going to help, and we are helping. Just this last weekend, I went to El Salvador to see my constituent. I was there to assure him that we are still with him, that we are still working to bring him back to this country lawfully. He was married, had children. His wife is an American citizen. His chil-dren are American citizens. He came here, thought he had TPS—temporary protected status—did not, but did not run, did not hide. He thought that the President was sincere when he said he was going to go after the bad guys; he was going to go after the criminals. He did not believe that when the President said ‘‘crimi-nals,’’ it meant Jose Escobar who only had a speeding ticket. He didn’t think that that would apply to him, the no-tion that the President would go after criminals, those who had committed serious offenses, a traffic offense never thought to be the kind of offense that would get him deported, extradited, evicted from this country after having been here longer than he had lived in El Salvador. Yes, he came without inspection is the proper terminology, as I under-stand it. But he came without proper documents, he did. While here, he be-haved, complied, thought that he was going to go in for an indication that he was still going to have his job and stay with his family. This is what he thought. So I went to see him, and his wife was with me. We met with him for ap-proximately 3 hours. We found out that he is still living in a state of insecu-rity. We found out that he is not able to have the kind of employment that he needs so that he can send money back to take care of his family. We found out that he still has hope, that he still has dreams, that he still be-lieves that he should be united with his family. He believes that this country will still live up to the ideals that we have expressed and extolled. He still believes that those who say that they believe in family values will value the family that he has and will want to see him reunited with his family. The law says it can be done. We are going to pursue it. We are going to file legislation to ask that my colleagues here in Congress join us in not only helping this Escobar, but all of the Jose Escobars who are similarly situ-ated, torn apart from their families. We are a country of family values. We have at least one party, and I be-lieve both, but one party that prides itself on family values. How can we allow this kind of atrocity to continue and persist if we are the party that be-lieves in family values? We must do what we can to make it clear to those who don’t understand that we will change this circumstance. There are some who will say that you can’t get this kind of thing done. I dif-fer. But let’s assume for a moment that it can’t be. I don’t believe this. I be-lieve that we can get Mr. Escobar re-united with his family, but let’s as-sume for a moment that we can’t. Then when you can’t, and you know it is a righteous cause, you have got a duty to do all that you can. We must do all that we can to prevent families from being torn apart. This is why I went to El Salvador, to assure Mr. Escobar. This is why I am on the floor of the House tonight, because I want my colleagues to know that we will file legislation to aid, assist, and protect the Escobars of the world. We are living in some very difficult times. We are living in times now such that people will negotiate with the lives of people, negotiate with the lives of the Jose Escobars. You give me a wall, and I will give you freedom for Mr. Escobar or the Escobars of the world, the DREAMers of the world. Let’s negotiate. Let’s put their free-dom, their liberty, their sense of dig-nity on the line. You want their dig-nity? You want them to have a sense of security? Give me a wall. I will trade you a wall for their security and their dignity. These are difficult times. Voltaire, the great French philoso-pher, has an adage that reminds us that those who can make you believe absurdities can cause you to commit atrocities. It is absurd to conclude that we are doing a righteous thing when we sepa-rate a father from his wife and children under the circumstances that Mr. Escobar suffers under, circumstances that he, quite frankly, didn’t create himself. He came here as a child—cir-cumstances that we ought to acknowl-edge and we ought to want to do some-thing about, circumstances that ought to say to us we ought not negotiate with the lives of human beings. This is a difficult time for our coun-try. This is an absurdity. And remem-ber, people who can convince you that an absurdity is the right thing can con-vince you to do things that are going to be harmful to good, decent people, harmful to the Jose Escobars of the world. So I am here tonight on behalf of Mr. Escobar and the many Escobars of the world because I don’t want an absurd-ity to become an atrocity, a greater atrocity than it is. And I would hope that my colleagues would reconsider this notion of negotiating with the lives of people. When history looks back upon this, when those who look back upon us through the vista of time, through the window of the years, they are going to see that at this time, in 2018, there were people negotiating with the lives of people and they thought that it was a legitimate thing to do. I am not going to fight about a wall that really is a false fence of security. I am not going to fight you about that. I am going to believe that when there were other people who were suffering and needed help, there were people who were willing to come forward and make sacrifices for them. b2000 So, with that thought in mind, I want you to know, I may have to make concessions for the lives of people, but I don’t want to negotiate. If there is something that I will vote on, then I will vote, but I don’t want to negotiate when it comes to the lives of people. I believe, Mr. Speaker, that this is a great moment for us, a great moment for us to do something that is more than right, a great moment to do some-thing that is righteous, a great mo-ment for us to demonstrate that we will stand for something so as to cause the world to know that we won’t fall for anything. We are not going to fall for the no-tion that you can just play with the lives of people. We are not going to fall for the notion that lives are going to be measured in walls. Lives are going to be measured in how we will impact 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.212 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H971 February 7, 2018 
family reunification. Lives are going to be measured in how we are going to deal with diversity in the visa pro-gram. We are not going to measure lives that way. I don’t think it is a good deal. I think it is a terrible deal. I think it is an atrocity when you offer me the lives of people, but in exchange, I have got to give you $25 billion, and I have got to change family reunification such that it is not as we know it today, and I have got to guarantee you that you are not going to have to worry about diver-sity as it relates to persons coming into the country. I don’t think it is a good deal. Some-one today said that the President of-fered a good deal and we ought to ac-cept it. It is not a good deal for me, not a good deal for the people that I rep-resent. I don’t like it. I wouldn’t nego-tiate it. The fact of the matter is, it is not a negotiation. They are asking for a ca-pitulation: either take it or leave it. That is not negotiation. But I still say that we ought not negotiate with the lives of people. Mr. Speaker, I close with this. We, who have been charged with the awesome responsibility of representing the many in our society, have got to remember that the greatness of our country is not going to be measured by how we treat those who live in the suites of life, how we treat those who have millions, how we treat those who can buy their way into the country, how we treat those who have done well. It is not going to be measured by how we treat the well-off, the well-heeled, and the well-to-do. The greatness of our votes and what we do will be measured by how we treat those that Speaker P
ELOSI —currently minority leader, Speaker P
ELOSI — spoke of in the Book of Matthew, how we treat the least among us—the least, the last, and the lost. That is really how the greatness of a country is going to be measured. The greatness of Amer-ica will be measured this way. And we can play all the games that we want, but in the final analysis, when we have to give that final judg-ment and receive that judgment, it won’t be about how well we treated millionaires and how many tax breaks we gave them. It is going to be: What did you do for those who are not in a position to do for themselves? Mr. Speaker, I pray that we will live up to the expectations that we pledge allegiance to in the flag: liberty and justice for all. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEGAL IMMIGRATION The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ASO). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gen-tleman from South Carolina (Mr. R
ICE) is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the majority leader. Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to thank the minority leader, Ms. PELOSI , for her plea on behalf of the DACA recipients. She certainly showed great passion and stamina. I do wonder, however, why she is so concerned now. This is not a new prob-lem. All of these people who qualify for DACA today had to be here by the year 2007. They were here illegally in the United States during those 2 years when Ms. P
ELOSI served as Speaker of the House and Harry Reid was the lead-er of a supermajority of Democrats in the Senate and Barack Obama was President, yet she took no action then. They could have passed a law, rather than having President Obama sign an illegal executive order, and given the DACA kids a pathway to citizenship, but I guess it wasn’t a priority then. Last month, my home county, Horry County, South Carolina, settled a claim brought by the United States De-partment of Justice. It seems the De-partment determined that Horry Coun-ty wasn’t doing enough to accommo-date students who couldn’t speak English. One would think that wouldn’t be much of a problem in South Carolina. We are a long way from our southern border. But as it turns out, according to the Horry County independent news-papers, 5,511 out of the 44,700 students in Horry County Schools spoke English as a second language only. That is 13 percent of the student body in Horry County, South Carolina. So the school system agreed to pay a claim by paying $600,000 to accommo-date those students who couldn’t speak English. My constituents back home certainly have sympathy for all chil-dren—including the DACA children— but before they resolve this DACA issue, they have one condition. They want the flow of illegal immigrants stopped first, and so do I. Thirty years ago, we gave amnesty to millions of illegal aliens on the prom-ise that we would stop the flow of ille-gal immigration. Yet here we sit again. Well, fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me. I am willing to try to find a solution for the DACA folks, but first we have to stop the flow. President Trump has made an offer to resolve the DACA issue. I think it is quite reasonable. He has laid out a good framework: number one, secure the border; number two, end chain migration; number three, end the visa lottery. Personally, I want to add to that list a legal obligation on employers to check the immigration status of the people they hire. This system called E- Verify is already required in many States, including South Carolina. If E- Verify is required and enforced, it will end the practice of coming here ille-gally for a job. In return, under the President’s pro-posal, 1.8 million DACA recipients— which is almost three times what President Obama had proposed—would be granted legal status, but no special pathway to citizenship. They would go to the back of the line like everyone else. DACA recipients are illegal immi-grants. Presumably, they were brought here as children by their family mem-bers who, presumably, were also here illegally. But I would like to focus here for a few minutes on legal immigration. You have to differentiate, and people con-fuse the two. You see, our legal immi-gration system is quite complex, and most Americans are unaware of the de-tails. But, Mr. Speaker, I would like to point out a few things that are really important for the American public to understand about our legal immigra-tion system. We accept 1.1 million legal immi-grants per year. I would like to refer to this chart for a minute, which I know is hard to see on TV, but as recent as the year 1970, we were accepting 200,000 legal immigrants per year. That num-ber passed 400,000 in about 1980. You can see this big spike. That is when President Reagan promised us that, if we would make the people who were here illegally legal, we would secure this border and we wouldn’t have a problem again. But you see what has happened now, this is legal immigration. It has gone up and up and up to the point now where we are accepting almost 1.2 mil-lion legal immigrants per year. If you add on top of that the hundreds of thousands of illegal immigrants com-ing in that number is much higher than this. This is only legal immigra-tion. Mr. Speaker, at 1.1 million legal im-migrants, there are people who stand up here and say that we are hard-heart-ed if we don’t accept every illegal im-migrant who gets across our border. But the numbers say otherwise. The numbers don’t lie. We are very open to immigration. We still go by the motto on the Statue of Liberty. We accept people from all over the world, 1.2 legal immigrants a year. And look at this slide, Mr. Speaker. This is a representation of the top 10 countries in the world that accept legal immigrants. You will notice on the far side, here is the United States. This is as of the year 2015. We accepted 1.051 million legal immigrants. The next closest was Germany at 686,000. We are almost twice as much as the next one. And if you add the next five together, we are still more than they are. So anybody who tells you that our immigration system is hard-hearted is simply ignoring the facts. It is baloney. We have the most open system of legal immigration in the world, by far. Most countries base their immigra-tion system on merit. Ours, on the other hand, two-thirds of our legal im-migrants come in based on chain mi-gration. The criteria is extended fam-ily, so we end up importing a lot of people that have low education and low skill sets. Most countries say, look, we want to use or immigration system to become 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.214 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH972 February 7, 2018 
more competitive, to make our econ-omy thrive, to lift not only the immi-grants, but the people who live here. So what they say is, if you have a skill set or an educational background that we need, then you move to the front of the line. It makes perfect sense. It makes sense for the immigrant. It makes sense for the economy of the country. It makes sense for the people who live there. Ours, on the other hand, is based on chain migration. So does that make us more competitive or less competitive? Mr. Speaker, look at this slide. The top slide here—this is from the Center on Immigration Studies—shows that immigrants, our legal immigrant fami-lies, families headed by a legal immi-grant in the United States, 51 percent of them get some type of social safety net benefit; 51 percent, as compared to 30 percent for the average family. The head of household is a native-born American. Fifty-one percent of the people that we are bringing into our country under chain migration end up relying on our social safety net. Mr. Speaker, I have to ask you, it is only common sense. Do you think that makes us more competitive or less competitive? Don’t you think that drives up our deficit, Mr. Speaker? Don’t you think it takes resources away from people in this country al-ready that need it? The bottom of this slide represents the amount of dollars from our social safety net that are taken by immigrant families versus Native American fami-lies. You can see the average immi-grant family getting benefits gets an average of $6,200 a year in benefits, while the average family headed by somebody who was born in America gets $4,400 in benefits. So it is very easy to see, Mr. Speak-er. It is common sense that using chain migration in the visa lottery to deter-mine two-thirds, 65 percent of our im-migrants, 800,000 people, the result is that we bring in people with a low edu-cation, a low skill set that end up rely-ing on our social safety net and, in fact, make our country less competi-tive and take resources away from folks at the bottom end of the scale here in America that need these re-sources. b2015 I believe our immigration system is broken. The President believes so too. He has said: 
I want a bighearted deal for the DACA kids. 
Leader Pelosi is also very concerned about the DACA kids obviously. So we have areas of agreement, and I am glad we do. I look forward to an agreement that takes care of the DREAMers, se-cures our borders, and moves us to a modern, merit-based immigration sys-tem like every other developed country has that lifts our economy and at the same time lifts opportunity for all Americans. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on February 6, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bill: H.R. 4708. To amend the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to issue Department of Homeland Security-wide guidance and de-velop training programs as part of the De-partment of Homeland Security Blue Cam-paign, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 17 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, February 8, 2018, at 9 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3896. A letter from the Congressional Re-view Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Importation of Orchids in Growing Media From Taiwan [Docket No.: APHIS- 2016-0005] (RIN: 0579-AE28) received January 31, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 3897. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary of Defense, Homeland Defense and Global Security, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s report on as-sistance provided by the Department of De-fense for certain sporting events for calendar year 2017, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2564(e); Pub-lic Law 104-201, Sec. 367(a); (110 Stat. 2496); to the Committee on Armed Services. 3898. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting certifi-cation that for calendar year 2017, the legiti-mate commercial activities and interests of chemical, biotechnology, and pharma-ceutical firms in the United States were not significantly harmed by the limitations of the Convention on access to, and production of, those chemicals and toxins listed in Schedule 1 of the Annex on Chemicals, con-sistent with the resolution of advice and con-sent to ratification of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling, and Use of Chemical Weapons and on Their Destruction, adopted by the Senate of the United States on April 24, 1997, and Executive Order 13346; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3899. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Addition of Certain Entities; Re-moval of Certain Entities; and Revisions of Entries on the Entity List [Docket No.: 170804727-7727-01] (RIN: 0694-AH43) received January 29, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 3900. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting notification that the Secretary of State will convene an Accountability Re-view Board to examine the circumstances surrounding the unexplained incidence of medical conditions consistent with mild traumatic brain injury in some U.S. govern-ment personnel and their accompanying de-pendents in Havana, Cuba, pursuant to Sec. 301 of the Omnibus Diplomatic Security and Antiterrorism Act of 1986; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3901. A letter from the Associate General Counsel, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting three (3) notifications of a nomina-tion, and an action on nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3902. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel for Operations, Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development, transmitting four (4) notifications of action on nomina-tion, and discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3903. A letter from the General Counsel, Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmit-ting the Agency’s final rule — Freedom of Information Act Implementation [RIN: 2590- AA86] received February 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3904. A letter from the Executive Sec-retary, U.S. Agency for International Devel-opment, transmitting two (2) notifications of designation of acting officer, and an action on nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 3905. A letter from the Deputy Chief, En-forcement Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Amendment of Section 1.80(b) of the Commission’s Rules; Adjustment of Civil Monetary Penalties to Reflect Inflation re-ceived January 31, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 3906. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Pratt and Whitney Division Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0719; Product Identifier 2017-NE-22-AD; Amendment 39- 19163; AD 2018-02-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3907. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-0826; Product Identifier 2016-SW-084-AD; Amendment 39-19153; AD 2018-01-12] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 6, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3908. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Various Restricted Category Heli-copters [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0894; Product Identifier 2017-SW-044-AD; Amendment 39- 19160; AD 2018-02-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.215 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H973 February 7, 2018 
3909. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Enstrom Helicopter Corporation Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0141; Product Identifier 2016-SW-067-AD; Amend-ment 39-19154; AD 2018-02-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3910. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Aerospace Welding Minneapolis, Inc., Mufflers [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0324; Product Directorate 2017-CE-004-AD; Amendment 39- 19157; AD 2018-02-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3911. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bell Helicopter Textron Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0895; Product Identi-fier 2017-SW-048-AD; Amendment 39-19161; AD 2018-02-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-ruary 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3912. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Fokker Services B.V. Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2018-0022; Product Identifier 2015-NM-044-AD; Amendment 39-19162; AD 2018-02-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-ruary 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3913. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Fokker Services B.V. Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-1249; Product Identifier 2013-NM-104-AD; Amendment 39-19156; AD 2018-02-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-ruary 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3914. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2018-0023; Product Identifier 2017-NM-084-AD; Amendment 39-19164; AD 2018-02-11] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 6, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3915. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-1250; Product Identifier 2017- NM-174-AD; Amendment 39-19159; AD 2018-02- 06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3916. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-0514; Product Identifier 2016-NM-206-AD; Amendment 39-19148; AD 2018-01-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 6, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3917. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-1244; Product Identifier 2013-NM-145-AD; Amendment 39-19152; AD 2018-01-11] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 6, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3918. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-1243; Product Identifier 2012-NM-150-AD; Amendment 39-19151; AD 2018-01-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 6, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3919. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Fokker Services B.V. Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-1242; Product Identifier 2013-NM-043-AD; Amendment 39-19150; AD 2018-01-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-ruary 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3920. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-0629; Product Identifier 2016-NM-184-AD; Amendment 39-19149; AD 2018-01-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-ruary 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3921. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Honeywell International Inc. Turbo-prop and Turboshaft Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2016-9418; Product Identifier 2016-NE-23- AD; Amendment 39-19167; AD 2018-02-14] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 6, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3922. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Revenue Procedure Modifying Rev-enue Procedure 2018-5 (Rev. Proc. 2018-10) re-ceived January 29, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 3923. A letter from the Director, Office of Regulations and Reports Clearance, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Extension of Sunset Date for Attorney Advisor Program [Docket No.: SSA-2017-0062] (RIN: 0960-AI26) received January 29, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 3924. A letter from the Regulations Officer, Office of Regulations and Reports Clearance, Social Security Administration, transmit-ting the Administration’s final rule — Ex-tension of Expiration Dates for Four Body System Listings [Docket No.: SSA-2017-0055] (RIN: 0960-AI17) received January 29, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. SA´NCHEZ (for herself and Mr. R
OSKAM ): H.R. 4957. A bill to provide better care and outcomes for Americans living with Alz-heimer’s disease and related dementias and their caregivers while accelerating progress toward prevention strategies, disease modi-fying treatments, and, ultimately, a cure; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. BOST (for himself and Ms. E
STY of Connecticut): H.R. 4958. A bill to increase, effective as of December 1, 2018, the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabil-ities and the rates of dependency and indem-nity compensation for the survivors of cer-tain disabled veterans, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 4959. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to ensure that the tem-porary refundable portion of the child tax credit is not less than the payroll taxes paid by the taxpayer; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. HARTZLER (for herself, Mr. C
LAY, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. L
ONG, and Mr. S MITH of Missouri): H.R. 4960. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 511 East Walnut Street in Columbia, Mis-souri, as the ‘‘Spc. Sterling William Wyatt Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. BEYER (for himself, Mr. W
ITT-
MAN, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massachu-setts, Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. M
ENG, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. B ROWN  of Maryland, Mr. H
OYER , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALO-
NEYof New York, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´N of New Mexico, Mr. C
OLE, Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Ms. L
EE, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mrs. L
OWEY , Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. S OTO, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. C
LAY, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. B RENDAN  F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07FE7.000 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH974 February 7, 2018 
Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Ms. H ANABUSA , Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. V ELA, Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. P
LASKETT , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. E
STYof Connecticut, Mr. E VANS , Mr. P
ALLONE , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. C
OSTA , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. P
ANETTA , Mr. S MITH of Wash-ington, Mr. S
IRES, Mr. J ONES , Mr. C
ORREA , Mr. C RIST, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mrs. D
EMINGS , and Ms. S LAUGHTER ): H.R. 4961. A bill to provide for the com-pensation of Federal employees furloughed during a Government shutdown; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. CARTER of Georgia (for him-self, Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. G
OODLATTE , Mr. P ALAZZO , and Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia): H.R. 4962. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a special rule for certain casualty losses of uncut timber; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. U PTON , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. P
ERRY , and Mr. C LAY): H.R. 4963. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for assistance for vic-tims of child pornography, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. HANABUSA (for herself and Ms. G
ABBARD ): H.R. 4965. A bill to establish best practices for State, tribal, and local governments par-ticipating in the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KELLY of Mississippi: H.R. 4966. A bill to make continuing appro-priations for pay for certain training for members of the National Guard and of the reserve components of the Armed Forces in the event of a shutdown of the Federal Gov-ernment, to prohibit the furlough of such members during such a shutdown, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appro-priations, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico (for herself and Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico): H.R. 4967. A bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act and the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 to improve nutri-tion in tribal areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico (for himself and Ms. M
ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico): H.R. 4968. A bill to permanently reauthor-ize the Rio Puerco Management Committee and the Rio Puerco Watershed Management Program; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. M
CCAUL: H.R. 4969. A bill to improve the design and construction of diplomatic posts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 4970. A bill to require the creation and maintenance of a MadeInAmerica.gov website; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia (for himself and Mr. MACARTHUR ): H.R. 4971. A bill to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to exempt from registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission certain accredited investor transactions within transparent secondary markets, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4972. A bill to amend the title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Dis-crimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, the Ameri-cans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Reha-bilitation Act of 1973, and the Genetic Infor-mation Nondiscrimination Act of 2008 to re-quire that individuals who perform work for employers as independent contractors be treated as employees; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. ROGERS of Alabama (for him-self and Mr. L
OEBSACK ): H.R. 4973. A bill to require the Secretary of Defense to develop and implement a plan to provide chiropractic health care services and benefits for certain new beneficiaries as part of the TRICARE program; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. SMUCKER: H.R. 4974. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to render overstaying a visa a criminal offense, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WELCH (for himself, Ms. C
AS-
TOR of Florida, Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. K
EATING ): H.R. 4975. A bill to amend the Atomic En-ergy Act of 1954 to provide for consultation with State, tribal, and local governments, the consideration of State, tribal, and local concerns, and the approval of post-shutdown decommissioning activities reports by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WELCH (for himself and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania): H.R. 4976. A bill to establish a grant pro-gram to support landscape-scale restoration and management, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina: H. Res. 728. A resolution reaffirming United States support for Israel and con-demning the United Nations Human Rights Council for certain wasteful and abusive ac-tions; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Finan-cial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. VALADAO: H. Res. 729. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that countries that are party to the Hague Con-vention on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction should work to resolve international parental child abduction cases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. B LUM, Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. C
ARTER of Texas, Mr. C
OMER , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. C OSTELLO  of Pennsylvania, Mrs. D
AVIS of Cali-fornia, Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. H
ECK, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. L AR-
SENof Washington, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. M CNER-
NEY, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. S
IMPSON , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. S
OTO, Mr. T HOMP -
SONof Pennsylvania, Mr. U PTON , Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Ms. W ILSON  of Florida, Mr. Y
ARMUTH , and Ms. H
ANABUSA ): H. Res. 730. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of Career and Technical Education Month; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Ms. LEE (for herself, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. K HANNA , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. T HOMP -
SON of Mississippi, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. B
ASS, Mr. C OHEN , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. G OMEZ , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. D
EUTCH , Ms. M OORE , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. S EANPATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. C RIST, Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. A
DAMS , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia, Ms. S PEIER , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, and Mr. C APUANO ): H. Res. 731. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of National Black HIV/AIDS Awareness Day; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself and Mr. B
ILI-
RAKIS ): H. Res. 732. A resolution urging Turkey to respect the rights and religious freedoms of the Ecumenical Patriarchate; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. PAYNE (for himself, Mr. M
ULLIN , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. G ONZALEZ  of Texas, Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mrs. W AT-
SON COLEMAN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALO-
NEYof New York, Ms. B ORDALLO , and Mr. B
UCHANAN ): H. Res. 733. A resolution expressing support for health and wellness coaches and ‘‘Na-tional Health and Wellness Coach Recogni-tion Week’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. SA´NCHEZ: H.R. 4957. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07FE7.100 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H975 February 7, 2018 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 18: Congress shall have Power—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Mr. BOST: H.R. 4958. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 4959. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. HARTZLER: H.R. 4960. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7, ‘‘The Con-gress shall have power to . . . establish Post Offices and Post Roads . . .’’ In the Constitution, the power possessed by Congress embraces the regulation of the Postal System in the country. Therefore, the proposed legislation in naming a post office would fall under the powers granted to Con-gress in the Constitution. By Mr. BEYER: H.R. 4961. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 7 of section 9 of Article I of the Con-stitution of the United States. By Mr. CARTER of Georgia: H.R. 4962. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1, of the Con-stitution of the United States. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 4963. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 of the Con-stitution states The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . By Ms. HANABUSA: H.R. 4965. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. KELLY of Mississippi: H.R. 4966. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states:‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law. . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the author-ity to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions gov-erning their use. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 4967. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 4968. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. M
CCAUL: H.R. 4969. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1; and Article I, section 8, clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States By Ms. MENG: H.R. 4970. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: H.R. 4971. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4972. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 3 of section 8 of article I of the Con-stitution. By Mr. ROGERS of Alabama: H.R. 4973. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The power of Congress to make laws to provide for the common defense, as enumer-ated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SMUCKER: H.R. 4974. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 4975. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 4976. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 60: Mr. R OEof Tennessee. H.R. 173: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, and Mr. R
USH. H.R. 179: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 346: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 544: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California. H.R. 719: Mr. M
CHENRY . H.R. 846: Mr. C
RIST, Mr. H URD, Mr. K HANNA , and Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 850: Mr. FORTENBERRY and Mr. B AR-
TON. H.R. 858: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 878: Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. B
LUM, Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. S ANFORD , and Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 1022: Mr. S
IRES and Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD . H.R. 1048: Mrs. B
LACKBURN and Mr. C HABOT . H.R. 1160: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa and Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 1266: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 1270: Mr. G
OMEZ and Mr. C ONNOLLY . H.R. 1276: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 1374: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 1409: Ms. M
ATSUI , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, and Mr. G RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 1511: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 1552: Mr. B
ABIN. H.R. 1575: Mr. R
OTHFUS . H.R. 1617: Ms. M
ENG, Mr. F ASO, Mr. Y OUNG  of Iowa, and Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio. H.R. 1683: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan and Mr. H
UDSON . H.R. 1783: Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 1820: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 1825: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Ms. M ENG, and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 1861: Mr. K
EATING . H.R. 1881: Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. L
ONG, Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. L
OUDERMILK , and Mr. S MITH of Missouri. H.R. 1939: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 1955: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 2242: Mr. K
EATING . H.R. 2259: Mr. C
OURTNEY and Mr. S EANPAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 2345: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 2421: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 2670: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 2740: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 2771: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H.R. 2820: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 2832: Mr. S
ANFORD and Mr. K USTOFF of Tennessee. H.R. 2856: Mr. B
UDD. H.R. 2913: Mr. G
RIJALVA and Mr. B LU-
MENAUER . H.R. 2948: Mr. L
OBIONDO . H.R. 3085: Ms. B
ORDALLO . H.R. 3199: Ms. T
SONGAS . H.R. 3238: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 3269: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 3272: Mr. S
IRES and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 3273: Ms. M
ATSUI , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, and Ms. S HEA- P
ORTER . H.R. 3301: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 3378: Mr. V
ELAand Mr. O’H ALLERAN . H.R. 3394: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 3497: Mr. C
ORREA , Mr. M ACARTHUR , and Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 3566: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 3576: Mr. D
UNN. H.R. 3635: Mr. P
AULSEN and Mr. S EANPAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 3637: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 3654: Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
APUANO , and Mrs. L AW-
RENCE . H.R. 3742: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. M OORE , Mr. N AD-
LER, Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. P AYNE . H.R. 3761: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 3790: Mr. R
OSSand Mr. C ULBERSON . H.R. 3851: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 3878: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 3931: Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. K ATKO , and Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 3956: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 4018: Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. S OTO, Mr. J OHN-
SON of Georgia, Mr. R ASKIN , and Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 4099: Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. M ACARTHUR , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE7.011 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH976 February 7, 2018 
Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B
EYER , and Mr. M AST. H.R. 4107: Mr. C
LEAVER , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. O
LSON , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 4229: Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska. H.R. 4242: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida. H.R. 4253: Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas, and Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 4265: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 4267: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER and Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 4268: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 4274: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 4328: Mr. G
ALLEGO and Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE. H.R. 4461: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 4507: Mr. C
ALVERT . H.R. 4510: Mr. B
URGESS . H.R. 4527: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 4571: Mr. R
UTHERFORD . H.R. 4635: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan and Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 4649: Mr. W
ELCH and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 4650: Mr. C
ALVERT . H.R. 4655: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 4682: Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 4704: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4744: Mr. K
ENNEDY and Mr. R OSKAM . H.R. 4747: Mr. L
OBIONDO . H.R. 4760: Mr. S
ANFORD , Mr. H UNTER , and Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 4772: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4775: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia and Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 4776: Mr. D
ESAULNIER and Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 4777: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 4782: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJ´ANof New Mex-ico. H.R. 4803: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER and Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 4831: Mr. M
AST. H.R. 4844: Mr. W
EBER of Texas. H.R. 4854: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 4855: Ms. B
ORDALLO . H.R. 4856: Mr. E
LLISON , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. R
ASKIN , Ms. D ELAURO , and Mr. K ENNEDY . H.R. 4884: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 4885: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 4886: Ms. T
ENNEY and Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER . H.R. 4888: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 4889: Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H.R. 4897: Mr. K
INGof New York, Ms. N OR-
TON, Ms. S TEFANIK , and Mrs. D INGELL . H.R. 4949: Mr. Y
ODER and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 4953: Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California. H.J. Res. 101: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.J. Res. 122: Mr. D
UFFY , Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. W
ALKER , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. F ASO, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. W
ILLIAMS , Mr. R UTHERFORD , Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. H
UIZENGA , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. B IGGS, and Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H. Res. 21: Mr. CLEAVER . H. Res. 129: Mr. S
CALISE . H. Res. 188: Mr. K
HANNA . H. Res. 274: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. R
OSS, Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. D UNCAN of Ten- nessee. H. Res. 318: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H. Res. 401: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H. Res. 529: Ms. M
ENG. H. Res. 697: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H. Res. 699: Ms. J
AYAPAL , Ms. H ANABUSA , and Mr. M
CEACHIN . H. Res. 700: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H. Res. 707: Mr. S
CHIFF . H. Res. 713: Mr. L
OWENTHAL and Mr. P OCAN . H. Res. 716: Ms. H
ANABUSA . H. Res. 722: Mr. C
OHEN . f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
78. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the City Commission of Lauderdale Lakes, FL, relative to Resolution 2018-009, denounc-ing public expressions and beseeching Presi-dent Donald Trump to comport himself with the dignity that the office of the Presidency deserves; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE7.008 H07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S667 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 2018 No. 24 
Senate 
The Senate met at 11:30 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, how can we serve You today? What do You want us to do for Your Kingdom? Today, use the lives and labors of our lawmakers to make our Nation and world better. Remind our Senators that although there will be hills and valleys as they strive to accomplish Your purposes, You will always be with them, even until the end of time. Lord, inspire our legislators to know that You have begun a good work in them and will carry it on to completion. Sus-tain them with Your grace and never let them go. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CHILD PROTECTION IMPROVEMENTS ACT OF 2017 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the House mes-sage to accompany H.R. 695, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
House message to accompany H.R. 695, a bill to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a national criminal history background check system and crimi-nal history review program for certain indi-viduals who, related to their employment, have access to children, the elderly, or indi-viduals with disabilities, and for other pur-poses. Pending: 
McConnell motion to concur in the amend-ment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill. McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on Appropriations, with instructions, McCon-nell amendment No. 1922, to change the en-actment date. McConnell amendment No. 1923 (to (the in-structions) amendment No. 1922), of a per-fecting nature. McConnell amendment No. 1924 (to amend-ment No. 1923), of a perfecting nature. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Mexico. 
RUSSIA INVESTIGATION  
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to speak a little bit about the rule of law and President Trump’s approach to what has hap-pened as far as the Mueller investiga-tion. The rule of law has protected our Na-tion’s democracy, institutions, and citizens for over 200 years. It means that no one person is above the law—no one—not even the President. President Trump does not seem to re-spect the rule of law. He acts as if the law doesn’t apply to him. He believes that he can steer the wheels of justice in whichever direction he wants to shield himself from lawful investiga-tion. This President is willing to risk na-tional security, to defy the judgment of the FBI Director and his team, and to release classified material for his own political purposes. Think about that. The President of the United States just declassified a top-secret document, and he did it with the clear intent to under-mine the investigation into Russian in-terference in our election. His actions should end any doubt about his willing-ness to obstruct justice. After he declassified the Nunes memo, President Trump said: ‘‘A lot of people should be ashamed of them-selves. It’s a disgrace, what’s happened in our country.’’ This is one of the rare times I have agreed with President Trump. It is a disgrace, what has hap-pened in our country, but not for the reasons the President gives. Russia’s cyber attacks and other po-tential operations during the 2016 elec-tion represented a direct strike at our democracy. I cannot think of a time when our national interest has been so threatened and the President of the United States has ignored the threat. Not only has this President turned a blind eye to Russia’s interference, but he has done nothing to prevent future attacks. He ignores the threat even though the CIA Director says Russia will try to interfere in our elections again. Instead, he has done everything he can to curry favor with Vladimir Putin. He should be ashamed of him-self. Unfortunately, he has demonstrated time and time again that he is incapa-ble of shame. But he is not alone. Many members of his party should be ashamed for enabling the President to undermine the special counsel inves-tigation, for enabling his defamation of career public servants, and for remain-ing silent in the face of a growing cri-sis. The President has made clear that he does not like Special Counsel Mueller’s and Deputy Attorney General Rosen-stein’s independence and commitment to the rule of law, and he has had an eye on getting rid of them for quite a while. We learned he considered firing them last June, and we have known for many months, from the President’s own admission, that he fired FBI Direc-tor James Comey to stop the Russia in-vestigation. These men have dedicated their lives to serving our country. Mr. Mueller served as a Federal prosecutor and a Department of Justice lawyer for much of his career, and he was ap-pointed as FBI Director in 2001 by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:46 Feb 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.000 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES668 February 7, 2018 
President Bush. Mr. Rosenstein is also a career Federal prosecutor and was appointed as a U.S. attorney by Presi-dent George W. Bush. The President has said many times: ‘‘There was no collusion.’’ If that is true, why does the President go to such great lengths to undermine the inves-tigation? The President’s intentions are trans-parent and dangerous. He fails to ac-cept that Mr. Mueller and Mr. Rosen-stein swore an oath to the Constitu-tion. Because they will not pledge their loyalty to him, he is bound and deter-mined to stop the investigation into his potential wrongdoing. But the Republican leader has de-layed bringing forward bipartisan legis-lation to protect Mr. Mueller from ar-bitrary dismissal. In light of recent events, Congress must act. The special counsel needs protection to do his job. He shouldn’t have interference from the President and his partisan sup-porters. In the Senate appropriations bill for the Department of Justice, I included language directing the Department of Justice to abide by its current regula-tions for the special counsel, but it is clear to me that we must do a lot more. During the Watergate investigation, Eugene McCarthy said: ‘‘This is the time for all good [people] not to go to the aid of their party, but to come to the aid of their country.’’ It is time for all Members of Congress to come to the aid of our country and ensure that Mr. Mueller and his team are able to gather the facts and draw their conclusions without obstruction. It is astonishing that President Trump still calls the Russia investiga-tion a ‘‘witch hunt.’’ Our government’s 17 law enforcement and national secu-rity agencies all reached the conclu-sion that Russia actively interfered with our Presidential election through hacking national party computers, leaking information, and spreading disinformation over media and social media outlets. The President’s contin-ued refusal to address this threat is un-conscionable, and it betrays our na-tional interests. Mr. Mueller’s inves-tigation into Russian interference is justified by the evidence, and it is im-perative. We also have abundant evidence that the President tried to interfere with the Department of Justice and FBI in-vestigation. The President’s firing of FBI Director James Comey because of ‘‘the Russian thing’’ is what landed him with a special counsel in the first place. Why did the President want a pledge of personal loyalty from Mr. Comey and Mr. Rosenstein? Why did he ask Mr. Comey to drop the investigation of Mr. Flynn? Why is the President so angry at At-torney General Sessions for recusing himself from the investigation, and why did the President need the Attor-ney General to not recuse to ‘‘protect’’ him? The evidence of interference with an ongoing investigation is enough reason to investigate. We all remember that President Nixon’s chief transgression was the coverup. Despite a constant re-frain of denials from the President that his campaign had any connection with Russia, we know there were many con-nections. Former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn pled guilty to lying to the FBI about his December 22, 2016, conversation with the Russian Ambas-sador about relieving U.S. sanctions imposed for Russia’s interference. Campaign foreign adviser George Papadopoulos pled guilty to lying to the FBI about his contacts with people connected to the Russian Government. Former campaign manager Paul Manafort was charged in a Federal in-dictment with acting as a foreign agent for the pro-Russian Ukraine Govern-ment. The President’s son, Donald Trump, Jr., and his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, and Mr. Manafort all met with Russian operatives to gather dirt on Hillary Clinton. Then, the President personally dictated a press statement misrepresenting the nature of the meeting. These are just a few of the connections. Mr. President, I refer to a November 13, 2017, article from the Washington Post. It chronicles many of the meet-ings between the Trump campaign offi-cials and the Russians during the cam-paign and is too long to go into here. But neither the compelling evidence justifying investigation nor Mr. Mueller’s credentials have stopped the President and his friends in Congress from attacking both. Representative N
UNES nominally recused himself from the Trump collusion investigation in the House Intelligence Committee, but he and his colleagues on the committee have now released a memo based on in-complete and misleading information, with the President’s full backing. This is despite a warning from the FBI against its release, and the Speaker will do nothing to rein in him or his committee members. The President’s attacks on the inde-pendence of our Nation’s premier law enforcement agency mirror his attacks on our other foundational institutions. He has maligned the judiciary. He has maligned the press. He attacks and dis-respects our foundational principles— separation of powers, freedom of speech and religion, and equality under the law. This is in addition to the Presi-dent’s regular assault on the truth. The Washington Post counted at least 2,000 times where this President departed from the truth in his first year in of-fice. The White House and its allies in Congress must stop their baseless at-tacks on Mr. Mueller and his team. They must let them do their job and find the facts. We must ensure the independence of prosecutors so we can ensure that investigations and out-comes are fair and impartial. Why is the President going to such lengths to fight this investigation? We do not know. But we do know that a foreign power—Russia—interfered in our last election, and we do know that the President and his team have had significant business links to Russian fi-nancial interests. The President’s family business con-tinues today, but it does so while con-cealing his tax returns and keeping their business partners secret. On top of that, the Trump administration has become much more accommodating of Russian interests. Are these things connected in some way? We need to know. That is why the special counsel’s investigation is so important. Now is the time for every Member of Congress to put the country ahead of politics. Special Counsel Mueller must be able to do his job, to follow the facts wherever they may lead, and to draw his conclusions. Congress must pass legislation to protect the special coun-sel from being arbitrarily fired, not serve as the President’s lieutenants in an unprecedented assault on the rule of law. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. BAR-
RASSO ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. WARREN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
ATTORNEY GENERAL JEFF SESSIONS  
Ms. WARREN. Madam President, 1 year ago today, I came to the Senate floor to oppose the nomination of Jeff Sessions to lead the Department of Justice. The Justice Department is charged with defending our laws and standing up for all people regardless of color, sex, sexual orientation, religion, or ability. That night, I described Jeff Sessions’ appalling record on nearly every major national issue handled by the Justice Department, including civil rights, im-migration, and criminal justice reform. That night, I also read a letter that Coretta Scott King sent to the Senate Judiciary Committee in 1986 that op-posed Sessions’ nomination to serve as a Federal judge. Mrs. King wrote a vivid account of how Jeff Sessions, as a U.S. attorney in the 1980s, had ‘‘used the awesome power of his office to chill the free exercise of the vote by black citizens.’’ That letter had been a part of the Senate Judiciary Committee’s records for more than 30 years. It helped sink the nomination of Jeff Ses-sions for the Federal judgeship for which he had been nominated back in the 1980s. I had hoped that by reminding the Senate of its bipartisan rejection of Sessions in the 1980s, that the letter might help us to once again come to-gether in a bipartisan way to say that this kind of bigotry shouldn’t be al-lowed in our criminal justice system. That was my plan. Yet, for reading 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:46 Feb 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07FE6.002 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S669 February 7, 2018 
those words—the words of an icon of the civil rights movement—I was boot-ed off of the Senate floor. Every one of my Republican colleagues who was present that night voted to shut me up for reading Mrs. King’s words. Then, the next day, every single Republican voted to confirm Jeff Sessions—a man deemed to be too racist to hold a Fed-eral court judgeship in 1986. Nope. They confirmed him to lead the agency charged with defending justice for all Americans. Now it has been 1 year since the Re-publican-controlled Senate made Jeff Sessions Attorney General of the United States. I wish I could say that I had been proven wrong—I actually really do—but Coretta Scott King’s warnings ring even louder today than they did in 1986. On issue after issue, Jeff Sessions’ Justice Department has failed in its mission to promote justice for all Americans. Instead, Sessions has taken the Department in exactly the opposite direction. So let’s make a list and start with voting. In 1986, Mrs. King warned us that Sessions had used the awesome power of his office as an Alabama prosecutor to chill the free exercise of the vote by African Americans. As Attorney Gen-eral, he has continued that crusade, targeting not only African Americans but Latinos, the elderly, veterans, and other marginalized groups. Only weeks after Sessions took the reins, the Justice Department aban-doned its legal challenge of a Texas voter ID law that intentionally dis-criminated against voters of color. Later, the Department argued that it should be easier for States to strike el-igible voters from their voting rolls—a proven way of preventing eligible citi-zens from voting. Sessions has eagerly embraced Presi-dent Trump’s make-believe, fact-free conspiracy theories about voter fraud— condoning the President’s voter sup-pression commission and engaging in State-level inquiries into voter data-bases. Next on the list: defending all Ameri-cans—equal protection under the law. In her letter, Coretta Scott King warned that Jeff Sessions would under-mine equality under the law. Sure enough, when Jeff Sessions took over at the Justice Department, he imme-diately got to work in reversing the agency’s prior efforts to defend laws and policies that protect Americans from discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender identity. Sessions’ Justice Department has re-scinded guidance that protects transgender students and workers from illegal discrimination. The same day that President Trump used Twitter to announce that he was banning transgender individuals from serving in the military, the Justice Department filed a legal brief that reflected Ses-sions’ view that our great civil rights laws don’t protect gay Americans from discrimination. This was despite the rulings by other Federal courts and guidance from the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission reaching the opposite conclusion. Sessions’ Justice Department has also gone out of its way to argue in the Supreme Court that business owners should be able to deny service to gay customers. In 1986, Mrs. King wrote: ‘‘I do not be-lieve Jeff Sessions possesses the req-uisite judgment, competence, and sen-sitivity to the rights guaranteed by the federal civil rights laws to qualify for appointment to the federal district court.’’ It is clear that Sessions has not acquired those skills in the 32 years since Mrs. King issued her warning. Third, criminal justice. Jeff Sessions is using the monu-mental power of his office to invert our criminal justice system. For too long in America, we have had a dual justice system—one sympathetic, soft-on- crime system for the rich and another ineffective, cruel system for everyone else. Coretta Scott King told us about Sessions’ role in this broken system when she wrote that he ‘‘exhibited an eagerness to bring to trial and convict’’ Black civil rights leaders despite there being evidence that clearly dem-onstrated their innocence of any wrongdoing. Meanwhile, she said, he ‘‘ignored allegations of similar behav-ior by whites.’’ In recent years, we have made some progress away from that broken sys-tem by having implemented proven re-forms that make our communities safer. Jeff Sessions has worked with laser-like focus to reverse those gains. Just last week, Sessions effectively closed an office within the Justice De-partment that helped to make legal aid more accessible to people who don’t have enough money to pay for a law-yer, and that is just the tip of the ice-berg. Under Jeff Sessions, the Justice De-partment killed off a reform initiative that allowed local police departments to voluntarily partner with the Federal Government to improve community po-licing. The Justice Department has aban-doned its longstanding efforts to hold local police forces accountable when they routinely and systematically vio-late the constitutional rights of Amer-ican citizens. Sessions ended the Justice Depart-ment’s Smart on Crime Initiative, which allowed prosecutors to divert some low-level, nonviolent offenders into rehab programs. This was a pro-gram that saved money, allowed of-fenders to avoid incarceration, and im-proved safety in our communities. It improved the lives of these offenders and their families. Instead, Sessions in-structed all prosecutors to bury even low-level, nonviolent drug offenders under the most serious charges possible that guaranteed the longest prison terms possible. Sessions even rolled back efforts to take weapons of war off of our streets by lifting commonsense restrictions on the transfer of military-grade weapons to local police departments—weapons of war, such as grenade launchers and armored vehicles that belong on battle-fields, not on the streets where our kids ride their bicycles and walk to school—weapons that even the Pen-tagon cannot justify handing over to local police. Next, immigration. As a Senator, Jeff Sessions was an anti-immigration extremist who led multiple successful campaigns to de-feat bipartisan, comprehensive immi-gration reform. As a Senator, he urged the deporting of Dreamers who were brought to the United States as kids. Now, as the head of the Justice De-partment, he has continued his ugly anti-immigrant rampage. He has zeal-ously defended every illegal and im-moral version of President Trump’s Muslim ban. He has used the Depart-ment to try to cut off aid to cities and States that prioritize keeping their communities safe over being part of his national deportation force. While it was Donald Trump who ordered it, Jeff Sessions himself announced the end to the Deferred Action for Childhood Ar-rivals Program, or DACA, which has subjected 800,000 Dreamers to deporta-tion. So there it is. Coretta Scott King’s words about Jeff Sessions were true in 1986, they were true in 2017, and they remain true today. On Jeff Sessions’ watch, the Justice Department has promoted voter suppression. On his watch, the Justice Department has en-dorsed discrimination. On his watch, the Justice Department has reversed efforts to reform our broken criminal justice system. On his watch, the Jus-tice Department has led an all-out, big-otry-fueled attack on immigrants and refugees. All of this, all of it, was predictable. All of this, all of it, was foreseeable. All of this, all of it, could have been avoided if just a few Republican Sen-ators had stood up for fair and impar-tial justice, but they didn’t—not one. So here we are. Here is the ultimate irony: President Trump turned on his Attorney General. Why? It was not over voting or equal rights or criminal justice or immigra-tion—no. The President turned on Ses-sions because Sessions formally recused himself from a law enforce-ment investigation into the President’s ties to Russia. Sessions has groveled, but Donald Trump will never forgive the sin of Sessions’ failing to serve Donald Trump personally. Jeff Sessions, President Trump, and this Republican Congress seem to think that they can stoke the fires of hatred and division without being con-sumed by them. Maybe they can for a time, but people are resisting and per-sisting. States and cities are stepping up to defend civil rights that are under assault by the Federal Government. The American people are showing up in the streets, in the airports, in the courtrooms, and even at the polls to hold this government accountable. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:46 Feb 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07FE6.003 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES670 February 7, 2018 
They will continue to show up and to fight day in and day out—to fight for fairness, to fight for equality, to fight for liberty and justice for all. Republicans tried to silence Coretta Scott King for speaking the truth about Jeff Sessions. They tried to si-lence me for reading Mrs. King’s words on the Senate floor. They have tried to silence all of us from speaking out, but instead of shutting us up, they have made us louder. Warn us. Give us explanations. Nev-ertheless, we will persist, and we will win. I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B
AR-
RASSO ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
INFRASTRUCTURE  
Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, last week, President Trump gave his State of the Union Address. It was full of that same spirit of optimism and confidence that I have heard over the past year from the people at home in Wyoming. I imagine the Presiding Offi-cer has heard the same things from people in her State of Iowa as well. As the President said, ‘‘This is our new American moment.’’ ‘‘This is our new American moment,’’ and I agree. The American economy is back on the right track. It is going to take a lot of hard work for us to stay on the right track. Some of that work involves building our country’s infra-structure. America’s roads, bridges, dams, highways, and ports are critical to our Nation’s success. Republicans know it. Democrats know it. The American Society of Civil Engi-neers gives America’s infrastructure a poor grade. One out of every five miles of highway pavement is in bad condi-tion. As chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee, I am committed to improving this situation by working with the President and with Members of both parties. We need to fix a lot of our aging infrastructure. To do that, we need a robust, fiscally responsible infrastructure plan that makes it easier to start and to finish these projects more quickly. I was chairman of the Transportation Committee in the Wyoming State Sen-ate. I saw how we could make projects less costly and more efficient if we could just speed up and streamline the permitting process and the approval process for projects to get done. We have a project back home to re-build a highway interchange in the northern part of Sheridan County in Sheridan, WY. It took 14 years to de-velop and get the approval of the plan-ning and permitting for this inter-change that needed to be built for safe-ty purposes. The actual construction took less than 2 years. This is a safety project. It is important for trucks and cars that go through this part of our State to do it in the safest way pos-sible. Anything we can do as members of the EPW Committee and Members of the Senate to make sure we can finish projects like this one faster is going to be better for our communities and is going to be better for people’s safety. According to the Bipartisan Policy Center, there are 59 different reviews and permits that an infrastructure project may need to get. There are a dozen different agencies that can slow down projects along the way, and that is just at the Federal level. One of the steps that takes the long-est amount of time is what they call an environmental impact statement. We all agree we need to make sure that big construction projects don’t damage the environment. The problem is, these re-views have taken on a life of their own. They now take an average of 5 years to complete. That is just one type of re-view that the construction projects have to go through before workers can put a shovel in the ground. The regulations and redtape have be-come unreasonable, and they have be-come excessive. There was a study re-cently that looked at all of these regu-latory delays and the cost of them. It found that the cost of delaying the start of all these public infrastructure projects in this country by 6 years is over $3.7 trillion—not millions, not bil-lions—$3.7 trillion. Think of how much we could accomplish and how much we could save if we could cut out these delays just a little bit. We know that is possible. In 2011, the Obama administration picked 14 infra-structure projects for expedited review. One of the projects was a new bridge in New York. New York managed to do the environmental impact statement in just 11 months. Why should it take 5 years in Wyoming? It is 5 years nor-mally and less than 1 year with this ex-pedited plan. This proves Washington can do these reviews and can do this permitting faster when it wants to. The problem is, Washington usually doesn’t care if these projects get done any faster. President Trump under-stands this completely. He has shown that he intends to change the mindset in Washington. It is interesting, when we remember that George Washington was a surveyor long before he was our first President. I don’t think we have had a President since then who has President Trump’s experience in build-ing things and dealing with all of the challenges that come with what we have seen from the times of Wash-ington and Jefferson. President Trump understands that the shorter we can make the permit process, the better. These are projects that can save lives. They can provide economic opportunities in towns and communities all across the country. It is what we are hearing in townhalls when we talk to people. When we cut the Washington regulations and red-tape, we allow for more economic growth. That is what Republicans have been doing for the past year because as soon as President Trump took office, Repub-licans in Congress began striking down unnecessary, burdensome, and costly regulations from the Obama adminis-tration. Republicans wiped 15 of these major rules off the books. A major rule is one where the time and money it takes to comply with the rule adds up to $100 million or more. This is going to save Americans as much as $36 billion. The total saved so far, $36 billion. The Trump administration has been very active in cutting needless regula-tions as well. The President froze ac-tion on over 2,000 Obama administra-tion rules that hadn’t taken effect yet. This is one of the first things President Trump did and what he is committed to do. He said that for every significant new regulation Washington writes, his ad-ministration would offset it by getting rid of two other rules. New regulation, get rid of two. That is how to make a real difference in Washington, and we are seeing it with the Trump adminis-tration. That is how to free the Amer-ican people so they can get back to work. The economy has responded all across the country. New employment numbers came out last Friday. The American economy has created more than 2 million jobs since President Trump took office. The unemployment rate is down to 4.1 percent. Wages are up by almost 3 percent over the past year. The Associated Press had a head-line on Friday that said: ‘‘US added strong 200K jobs in January; pay up most in 8 years.’’ The Los Angeles Times headline was: ‘‘U.S. economy creates 200,000 jobs in January; wages take off.’’ According to a Gallup poll last week, Americans’ satisfaction with the state of the economy improved by 12 percent-age points over the past year. That is a huge leap. President Trump is absolutely right, this is our new American moment. We must keep providing relief from Wash-ington redtape for it to continue. We have done that with other regulations. We need to do it with the things that slow down infrastructure projects as well. That is how we make sure our economy continues to grow. Fixing and improving America’s aging infrastruc-ture needs to be a bipartisan goal. We need to be able to do it faster, better, cheaper, and smarter. So today I call on my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to do all we can to make this happen. These are not Democratic projects or Republican projects, they are the projects we need to continue to make our country stronger, safer, better, and more pros-perous. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:46 Feb 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07FE6.004 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S671 February 7, 2018 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, I know the leaders are coming down shortly, but I thought I would get started, and I will return when they are finished with their remarks. 
SECURE ELECTIONS  
Madam President, 271 is the number of days left before the 2018 elections. Only 271 days to go—a little more than 9 months—and we still cannot assure American voters that our elections are secure. That is unacceptable, and that is on us. We know what happened in 2016. There was no debate about the facts. On January 6, 2017, intelligence reports made clear that Russia used covert cyber attacks, espionage, and harmful propaganda to attack our political sys-tem. Six months later, on June 21, the De-partment of Homeland Security con-firmed that Russia launched cyber at-tacks against at least 21 State election systems and illegally obtained emails from local election officials. This week, we also learned that voter systems in Illinois were hacked, and the information on thousands of voters was exposed to the Russians. Our na-tional security officials have sounded the alarm. This is just the beginning. Last week, CIA Director Mike Pompeo said he has ‘‘every expecta-tion’’ that Russia will target the U.S. midterm elections. The former Direc-tor of National Intelligence, James Clapper, said: ‘‘I believe Russia is now emboldened to continue such activities in the future both here and around the world, and to do so even more in-tensely.’’ Yet we have made no real progress in Congress toward shoring up our elec-tion systems. Just 41 days from now, Il-linois—a State that Russians success-fully hacked in 2016—will hold a pri-mary for the midterm elections. So why haven’t we acted? There is no ex-cuse, and that is because there are six solutions on the table. Many of them are bipartisan. First, States need support to protect their voting systems from cyber at-tacks. Right now there are more than 40 States that rely on electronic voting systems that are at least 10 years old. Think about that. Ten years ago, we were using flip phones. Now we have smartphones that we update regularly to keep pace with the emerging tech-nology. So we need to provide States the re-sources to update their election tech-nology because our voting systems haven’t kept pace with the times, much less the sophistication of our ad-versaries. In addition, our election officials need to know exactly what they are up against. It took the Federal Govern-ment nearly a year to notify those 21 States targeted by Russian-backed hackers, and today many State and local officials still feel like they are in the dark. That is why Senators L
ANKFORD , H
ARRIS , GRAHAM , and I have introduced legislation that will bring State and local election officials, cyber security experts, and national security per-sonnel together to provide resources and guidance on how States can best protect themselves from cyber attacks. Second, we need reliable backup measures in place when something goes wrong. Each State administers its own elections. Our decentralized election process is both a strength and a weak-ness. It is a strength to have multiple States using multiple systems. Then there can never be one centralized place to hack. We saw this in 2016. Rus-sian hackers attempted to breach the systems of many States but were only successful in one. I will continue my remarks after the leaders are finished. I know they have a major announcement, but I would just end with this. This is a pivotal mo-ment for our country. We will not give up on our free elections and the free-dom those elections deserve. If the worst happens in 2018, it is on us, not just Russia. How does the saying go? Hack me once, shame on you. Hack me twice, shame on us. We know what we can do. We must put the resources into the State elections, and we must pro-tect the elections. I yield the floor. RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. 
BUDGET AGREEMENT  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I am pleased to announce that our bi-partisan, bicameral negotiations on de-fense spending and other priorities have yielded a significant agreement. I thank my friend the Democratic leader for joining me this afternoon and for the productive discussions that have generated this proposal. The compromise we have reached will ensure that, for the first time in years, our Armed Forces will have more of the resources they need to keep America safe. It will help us serve the veterans who bravely served us, and it will ensure funding for impor-tant efforts such as disaster relief, in-frastructure, and building on our work to fight opioid abuse and drug addic-tion. This bill is the product of exten-sive negotiations among congressional leaders and the White House. No one would suggest it is perfect, but we worked hard to find common ground and stay focused on serving the Amer-ican people. First and foremost, this bipartisan agreement will unwind the sequestra-tion cuts that have hamstrung our Armed Forces and jeopardized our na-tional security. Secretary Mattis said: ‘‘No enemy in the field has done more harm to the . . . readiness of our mili-tary than sequestration.’’ For years, my colleagues on the Sen-ate Armed Services Committee, led by Chairman J
OHN MCCAIN, have spoken out about these damaging cuts. In the face of continuing and emerging threats, these cuts have left us unable to realize the potential of our missile defense capabilities. They have whit-tled down our conventional forces, lay-ing an undue burden on forward-de-ployed personnel and their families. And they have shrunk our fleet to its lowest ship count in nearly three dec-ades. We haven’t asked our men and women in uniform to do less for our country. We have just forced them to make do with less than they need. This agreement changes that. In addition, this bill will provide for our returning heroes. Too often, under-funded, overcomplicated bureaucracies fail to deliver the care our veterans de-serve. The Trump administration and Congress—thanks to the leadership of Chairman ISAKSON —have made impor-tant progress for veterans in the past year. This agreement will expand on those steps. This agreement will also bolster our ongoing national struggle against opioid addiction and substance abuse. It will fund new grants, prevention pro-grams, and law enforcement efforts in vulnerable communities all across our country. It also provides funding for disaster relief efforts. Last year, powerful storms crippled Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands and damaged main-land communities from Florida to Texas. Thanks to the efforts of Mem-bers such as Senators C
ORNYN , CRUZ, R
UBIO, and others, this bill will get more help on the way. The agreement will clear the way for a new investment in our Nation’s infra-structure—a bipartisan priority shared by the President and lawmakers of both parties. This bill does not conclude the seri-ous work that remains before Congress. After we pass it, the Appropriations Committees will have 6 weeks to nego-tiate detailed appropriations and de-liver full funding for the remainder of fiscal year 2018, but this bill represents a significant, bipartisan step forward. I urge every Senator to review this legis-lation and join us in voting to advance it. I particularly want to thank my friend the Democratic leader. I hope we can build on this bipartisan momentum and make 2018 a year of significant achievement for Congress, for our con-stituents, and for the country that we all love. 
IMMIGRATION  
Now, on one final matter, as I have said publicly many times, our upcom-ing debate on DACA, border security, and other issues will be a process that is fair to all sides. The bill I move to, which will not have underlying immi-gration text, will have an amendment process that will ensure a level playing field at the outset. The amendment process will be fair to all sides, allow-ing the sides to alternate proposals for consideration and for votes. While I ob-viously cannot guarantee the outcome, let alone supermajority support, I can ensure the process is fair to all sides, and that is what I intend to do. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:46 Feb 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07FE6.006 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES672 February 7, 2018 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
BUDGET AGREEMENT  
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, first let me thank the Republican lead-er for his comments and his work these past several months. We have worked well together for the good of the Amer-ican people. We had serious disagree-ments, but instead of just going to our own separate corners, we came to-gether with an agreement that is very good for the American people and rec-ognizes needs that both sides of the aisle proffered. I am pleased to announce that we have reached a 2-year budget deal to lift the spending caps for defense and urgent domestic priorities far above current spending levels. There are one or two final details to work out, but all the principles of the agreement are in place. The budget deal doesn’t have ev-erything Democrats want, and it doesn’t have everything Republicans want, but it has a great deal of what the American people want. After months of legislative logjams, this budget deal is a genuine break-through. After months of fiscal brinksmanship, this budget deal is the first real sprout of bipartisanship, and it should break the long cycle of spend-ing crises that have snarled this Con-gress and hampered our middle class. This budget deal will benefit our country in so many ways. Our men and women in uniform represent the very best of America. This budget gives our fighting forces the resources they need to keep our country safe, and I want to join the Republican leader in saluting Senator M
CCAIN. We wish he were here because he has fought so valiantly and so long for a good agreement for the Armed Forces. The budget will also benefit many Americans here at home: folks caught in the grip of opioid addiction, veterans waiting in line to get healthcare, stu-dents shouldering crippling college debt, middle-class families drowning under the cost of childcare, rural Americans lacking access to high-speed internet, hard-working pensioners watching their retirements slip away. Democrats have been fighting for the past year for these Americans and their priorities. We have always said that we need to increase defense spend-ing for our Armed Forces, but we also need to increase the kinds of programs the middle class so needs and depends on. It is our job as Americans, as Sen-ators, to make sure that middle-class people can live a life of decency and dignity so that they can keep in their hearts the American belief that their kids will live a better life than they do. In this budget, we have moved, for the first time in a long time, a good deal forward on those issues. Alongside the increase in defense spending, the budget deal will lift fund-ing for domestic programs by $131 bil-lion. It will fully repeal the domestic sequester caps while securing $57 bil-lion in additional funding, including $6 billion to fight against the opioid and mental health crises; $5.8 billion for the bipartisan child care and develop-ment block grant; $4 billion to rebuild and improve veterans hospitals and clinics; $2 billion for critical research at the National Institutes of Health; $20 billion to augment our existing in-frastructure programs, including sur-face transportation, rural water and wastewater, clean and safe drinking water, rural broadband so desperately needed in large parts of rural America, and energy infrastructure; and $4 bil-lion for college affordability, including programs that help police officers, teachers, firefighters. The deal also boosts several healthcare programs that we care a lot about in this country. An increase in funding for community health centers, which serve 26.5 million Americans, is included. My friends Senators MURRAY , T
ESTER , SANDERS , and many others have been champions for these commu-nity health centers. I want to thank them for the hard work they have put in to get this done. The Children’s Health Insurance Program will be ex-tended for an additional 4 years. Credit is due to our ranking member, Senator W
YDEN , for his effort for this extension. American families with children who benefit from CHIP will now be able to rest easy for the next decade. Seniors caught in the Medicare Part D doughnut hole will also benefit from this bill, which eases the coverage gap next year, helping thousands, millions of seniors afford prescription drugs. We have waited long for this. Rural hos-pitals that struggle, seniors, children, and safety net healthcare providers will benefit from a package of health tax extenders as well. On the pension issue, Democrats se-cured a special select committee that must report a legislative fix to the problem by December 2018. Millions of pensioners—teamsters, carpenters, miners, bakery workers, and so many more—are staring down cuts to their hard-earned pensions. They didn’t do anything to cause those cuts. Their livelihoods are staked to these pen-sions. We ought to make sure that they get every penny they earned. We Demo-crats would have liked to take up and pass the Butch Lewis Act. We couldn’t reach an agreement to do that, but now we have a process and potentially the means and motivation to get it done. There were so many Senators, led by Senator B
ROWN , who are responsible for this. I want to acknowledge him and Senators C
ASEY , STABENOW , M ANCHIN , K
LOBUCHAR , BALDWIN , MCCASKILL , DON-
NELLY , and H EITKAMP , who worked so long and hard on pensions. The budget deal also includes long- awaited disaster relief for Texas, Lou-isiana, Florida, the Western States, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Is-lands. Many of these places are still taking their first steps on the long march to recovery. Much of Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands remains damaged and in the dark. This recov-ery aid could not have come a moment too soon. Senator NELSON worked very hard for both Florida and Puerto Rico relief, as did so many others in this Chamber. I would also like to thank our rank-ing member on the Appropriations Committee, Senator L
EAHY , who worked so diligently with his staff and his ranking members on these issues, as well as Senator M
URRAY , who has been our beacon on health issues, where we have made real progress today. The budget deal is a win for the American people. It will also do so much good for our military and for so many middle-class Americans and fi-nally consign the arbitrary and point-less sequester caps to the ash heap of history. A final point: Our work here in Con-gress on this budget deal between the Republican leader and me, between the Senate and the House was completed without a great deal of help from the White House. While President Trump threatened shutdowns and stalemates, congressional leaders have done the hard work of finding compromise and consensus. It has been a painstaking and months-long process. It has re-quired concessions, sometimes painful, by both sides. But at the end of the day, I believe we have reached a budget deal that neither side loves but both sides can be proud of. That is com-promise; that is governing. That is what we should be doing more of in this body, and it is my sincere hope that the Republican leader and I will continue to work together in this way to get things done for the American people. Now, of course, we must finish the job. Later this week, let’s pass this budget into law, alongside an extension of government funding. I hope the House will follow suit and President Trump will sign it. I also hope that Speaker R
YAN will do what Senator M
CCONNELL has agreed to do—allow a fair and open process to debate a Dreamers bill on the House floor. This budget deal will be the best thing we have done for our economy, our military, and our middle class for a long time. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, we are very pleased by this bipartisan work and what this will mean for our country. I thank both leaders for their work. 
SECURE ELECTIONS  
Madam President, I want to finish the remarks that I started before the leaders took the floor pertaining to an-other issue that is very important to this country, and that is the issue of the elections in 2018. I mentioned the importance of the bill that Senator L
ANKFORD and I are leading, along with Senators H
ARRIS  and G
RAHAM , that would give—along 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:46 Feb 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07FE6.008 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S673 February 7, 2018 
with House support, Republican and Democratic support—some much need-ed resources to the States to help them with their equipment. Many of the States have not updated their election equipment in over 10 years. I also mentioned the reliable backup measures that we are going to need for things like a paper ballot system. Ten of our States don’t have that. If they were hacked, there would be no backup to prove what had happened. That must change. Third, we have to make sure our elec-tions are free from foreign influence campaigns. We know that the Russian disinformation reached more than 126 million Americans through Facebook alone. And while $1.4 billion was spent on online political ads in 2016, we still don’t know how much Russia actually used to purchase those ads, although we do know they bought Facebook ads in rubles to influence the 2016 election. Today, online platforms are dwarfing broadcast, satellite, and cable pro-viders. The largest internet platform has over 210 million American users. The largest cable provider only has 22 million subscribers. That is why Sen-ators M
CCAINand W ARNER and I have introduced the Honest Ads Act, simply putting in a level playing field. So if money is spent on political ads, the same rules that apply to print, radio, and TV apply to online media compa-nies, and that is a disclaimer, and that is simply a disclosure of both can-didates’ ads and also issues—defined by statute—of national legislative impor-tance. If my radio station in Thief River Falls, MN, is able to track their ads, and the press is able to see them, and opponents’ campaigns are able to see them, that should be able to be done by some of America’s most bril-liant companies. We must fix that. Fourth, we need to make sure our elections are free from foreign money. About $184 million in dark money was spent in the 2016 Presidential election. Senator W
HITEHOUSE has a bill that would ban campaign contributions and expenditures by corporations that are controlled, influenced, or owned by for-eign nationals. Senator B
LUNT and I have a bill that would use existing credit card protocols to help verify that online donations are only coming from Americans. If Amazon can check your credit card against your home ad-dress, campaigns and PACs should be doing the same to verify that online donations are truly from the United States. Fifth, we must send Russia a message that this behavior is unacceptable. We need to make it clear to Russia that we will not tolerate their interference in elections. That is why I have said time and again that we need to impose the Russia sanctions that passed the Sen-ate with overwhelming bipartisan ap-proval. This is about sending the Rus-sian Government a message: There will be consequences if you interfere with our elections. We will impose sanctions against those who engage in business with the Russian defense and intel-ligence sectors—two parts of the Rus-sian Government responsible for or-chestrating the attacks on our election systems. The Senate voted 98 to 2 for those sanctions, and this administration has not implemented them. It makes no sense to me that the administration does not stand with 98 out of 100 Sen-ators on this. When we don’t do the sanctions, we are announcing to the world that there are no consequences to foreign governments that interfere in American elections. By doing that, we simply embolden them. My colleagues also recently intro-duced a bipartisan bill that would re-quire mandatory sanctions against countries that interfere in U.S. elec-tions. Deterrence is key, and imposing additional sanctions would send a strong message to Russia and any other country that seeks to undermine our democracy. Sixth, we must understand the full extent of Russia’s role in our 2016 elec-tion. That is why Senator CARDIN in-troduced a bill to establish an inde-pendent commission with one goal: to examine Russian cyber operations and interference in the 2016 elections, be-cause understanding what happened in the past will help us prevent attacks in the future. All of these tools would help secure our elections, and so many have bipar-tisan support. I am not just talking about the Senate; Republican and Democratic former national security officials support these policies. Repub-lican and Democratic State and local election officials want Federal re-sources to protect election security. Republican and Democratic House Rep-resentatives do too. Representative M
EADOWS , the leader of the House Free-dom Caucus, and Democratic Congress-man J
IMLANGEVIN introduced a com-panion to one of these election security bills that I am leading. It was Repub-lican Senator M
ARCO RUBIO who said that once they went after one party in one election, the next time it will be the other. Our whole country is based on free elections and the freedom to partici-pate in our democracy. Our Founding Fathers set up a system so that we would be free of foreign influence. In fact, our whole country began because our country wanted to be free of for-eign influence. Now is the time to put politics aside and come together to secure the future of our elections. So whether you are a four-star general, a fourth grade teach-er, or a computer engineer at Four-square, this is an issue that should unite us. In 1923, Joseph Stalin, then General Secretary of the Soviet Communists, was asked about a vote in the Central Committee of his party. Stalin was un-concerned about the vote. After all, he explained that who voted was ‘‘com-pletely unimportant.’’ What was ‘‘ex-traordinarily important’’ was who would count the votes and how. It is 95 years later, and sometimes it seems as though we are back at square one. Who voted is important. And if we suppress a vote or if people aren’t al-lowed to vote or if the wrong people have voted or they are calculated the wrong way, that means that they had their way. What he acknowledged back then is that who counts the vote mat-ters. We have to decide who is going to count America’s vote. Is it going to be America, or are we going to let another country influence our elections and be able to count them themselves? Russia, as we know, is not our only threat. Our adversaries will continue to use cyber attacks. These attacks may not involve traditional weapons of war, but they can be just as disruptive and destructive. As I said in closing before the leaders took the floor, the 2018 elections are just 271 days away. We need to protect our election systems. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said in an inter-view just yesterday that Russia is al-ready trying to influence the U.S. mid-term elections and that Russia has a lot of different tools at its disposal. So I ask my colleagues, why don’t we start having some tools at our disposal, laws at our disposal that will actually do something about this, resources sup-ported by the head of the Freedom Cau-cus in the House that will help to strengthen our State election equip-ment? That is what we need. Hack me once, it is on them; hack me twice, it is on us. The 2018 elections are just hundreds of days away. It is time we take action, and we will have opportunities in the next few weeks to put some resources into this. I will remind you that the cost of the bill that Senator LANKFORD and I have, which we have paid for by unspent grant money, is 3 percent of the cost of one aircraft carrier. If these other countries are viewing this as a form of warfare, at least we can put the re-sources of 3 percent of one air carrier into this challenge. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The Senator from South Caro-lina. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, 6 weeks after the passage of tax reform, we con-tinue to show the American people how we are delivering on our promises with real, lasting tax reform. In fact, a recent poll showed that 69 percent of Americans are satisfied with the boost in our economy. Another poll showed that Americans’ approval of our tax reform package has more than doubled since its passage. I know it will continue to rise as more families see the benefits coming their way. Our new tax law will ensure that they are able to keep more of their paychecks and that the jobs of the future are cre-ated right here in the good old U.S.A. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:46 Feb 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07FE6.009 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES674 February 7, 2018 
Back home in South Carolina, we continue to see positive changes be-cause of tax reform. More businesses are awarding their employees with raises, and as a result, more families are putting more money in their bank accounts and in their pockets. Here is a real-life example. I received a note from Steve Potts, the CEO of Scout Boats in Summerville, SC. Scout Boats is, for those who may not know— but everybody knows Scout Boats— Scout Boats is a world-class brand. It has been recognized all over the world for quality boats. Here is a success story, an organic success story. Back in 1989, Steve started his busi-ness with his wife in their garage. They did very well for a while, and then, of course, very quickly, Hurricane Hugo came about several months later and wiped them out. They had to start all over again. They had two employees in 1989. Their life savings were invested into Scout Boats. Today, almost 30 years later, they have 340 employees. This year, they are going to hand out $1,000 bonuses to their 340 employees, and they hope this is the year that they will take their employees from 340 to 350 and exceed 400 employees. He said: 
We’re confident this will help— 
The tax reform package. 
—further stimulate our own company mo-rale, as well as become an attractive career opportunity for new employees we are cur-rently searching for. . . . We believe by us giving back to our employees, we’re doing exactly what you and many others originally intended with tax reform. 
This is fantastic news and proof that we are reaching our goals. I want to say thank you to Steve, not only for sharing your story but for re-warding the hard work of your employ-ees. It is what happens in small and medium businesses all over the coun-try. Having started a small business my-self, I understand and appreciate the dedication Steve had to his vision and to his employees, because for Steve and so many entrepreneurs, their employ-ees are an extension of their family. So being in a position to provide those folks with a $1,000 bonus each is a big deal. It is a big deal for the company. It is a big deal for the employees. It is reflective of the fact that most small businesses are reinvesting in their fu-ture, which means reinvesting in their employees. Steve is a classic example. Just like Steve, in the last 6 weeks, more than 3 million Americans have seen direct benefits from tax reform, be it bonuses or wage increases or better benefits. It is all good news, and it just keeps on coming. It is good news. More than 300 companies across our great Nation have announced significant ben-efits for their employees. There is more. My Investing in Op-portunity Act was included in the tax cut, and it is designed to help 52 mil-lion Americans living in distressed communities like the very one in which I grew up. We have worked hard to get the IIOA—Investing in Oppor-tunity Act—across the finish line so that it can be deployed in States around this Nation to help those very folks. That means everything from workforce investment, to better edu-cation, to businesses being attracted into these opportunity zones. I want to thank the majority leader for his words on the Investing in Op-portunity Act yesterday morning. He is right. This will empower communities, and it will put up a big neon sign that says we are open for business. It will help communities that today may be wavering, questioning whether they can be successful. This is a resounding yes. Yes, you should be hopeful. Yes, you can be successful. I know these communities full well, and they are full of folks looking for a chance, an opportunity to put their creativity, their intelligence, and their work ethic on display. The Investing in Opportunity Act will provide that chance. The benefits of tax reform have just begun. Whether it is bonuses for work-ers, more wages, better benefits, or the implementation of the Investing in Op-portunity Act, we know that the best is yet to come for the American people. Thank you, Mr. President. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
PAID LEAVE  
Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, we just marked the 25th anniversary of the Family and Medical Leave Act, known to most as FMLA. When FMLA passed 25 years ago, it was an incredible step forward for mil-lions of working families. They finally had the legal right to step away from their jobs to take care of their families without the risk of being fired. But we now know that the law just has not kept up with the times. FMLA doesn’t apply to 40 percent of the workforce, and it doesn’t guarantee any pay during the time the worker is away. In fact, 25 years after FMLA was signed into law, we are still the only industrialized country in the world that doesn’t guarantee access to some form of paid leave. That means that workers all over the country are losing wages and retirement savings when they take time off. The economy is los-ing tens of millions of dollars. We have to change this because FMLA is not good enough anymore. We need an actual national paid leave program, and I am pleased to see that paid leave has now clearly become a bipartisan issue. Both parties agree that paid leave is something that our country desperately needs and urgently wants to have. Earlier today, a group of Republican colleagues announced a proposal they claim would solve this problem, but it is clear that their proposal will not help the vast majority of working Americans. In fact, it would not create a real paid leave program that covers all workers. Not only that, this plan will actually rob the Social Security trust fund. This would not strengthen Social Secu-rity; it would weaken Social Security. No worker should have to borrow against their own Social Security bene-fits, which are already too low, to get paid family leave when they need it to take care of a new baby, a sick family member, a dying parent, or themselves. And let’s not forget that Social Secu-rity already pays women less than men. So this proposal would make that problem even worse. If you are watching this debate right now and you are wondering whether Congress is finally going to pass a paid leave law that actually helps working Americans, don’t be fooled by this Re-publican proposal. If your son is diagnosed with cancer and you need time to bring him to his chemotherapy appointments, their plan will do nothing for you. If your el-derly mother has dementia and you need time to be by her side, this plan will do nothing for you. If your hus-band has a heart attack and he needs you there while he recovers, this plan does nothing for you. Right now, millions of American workers are stuck choosing between earning a paycheck and leaving their jobs to take care of a loved one when some medical emergency happens, and if this bill passes, that would not change. Listen to what a woman named Shelby went through because she didn’t have paid leave. Shelby is a mother and a grand-mother, and she takes care of her par-ents. She is a security officer, com-mitted to keeping her community safe. We all know that we can never predict when medical emergencies happen. All of a sudden, Shelby’s youngest daugh-ter and parent needed medical atten-tion at the same time. Shelby had to leave work because her family needed her, but all she had was FMLA—unpaid leave—which counted as an employ-ment disciplinary action where she worked. As Shelby put it, taking unpaid leave was an enormous financial burden for her. She couldn’t keep up with her rent or utility costs, and it took her months to catch up on just paying her bills. She was able to keep her job, but she suffered far more than she should have, with an enormous amount of added stress on top of her family’s medical issues, because she didn’t have paid leave. This Republican proposal would not help her. We have to fix this. Even President Trump agrees. In his State of the Union Address last week, he said: My response is this: Actions speak louder 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:46 Feb 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07FE6.010 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S675 February 7, 2018 
than words. Our country needs a real paid leave plan. If President Trump and Congress really are serious about creating a na-tional paid leave program, then I urge them to support my paid leave bill, which would actually work. It would cover all workers, not just new moms. It is called the FAMILY Act. The FAMILY Act would finally guar-antee paid family and medical leave to every working American. The FAMILY Act is affordable. It is an accessible earned benefit that you and your em-ployer would contribute into together. It would stay with you for your entire career, no matter where you worked. It is universal and comprehensive. It is for women and for men. It is for the young and the elderly. It is for workers in big companies or small companies or even if they are self-employed, it would only cost about the cost of a cup of cof-fee a week. This is the kind of paid leave pro-gram that our country needs, and any-thing less is just not enough. Five States around the country have already stood up for what is right and given their workers access to paid leave. These States, including my home State of New York, are doing a much better job than Congress of meet-ing the needs of their people on this issue. California, for example, has had their paid leave program for more than a decade. I know some of my colleagues are worried about whether paid leave is good for business, so I hope they will listen to these numbers. In a survey, 90 percent of business owners in California said that paid leave had a positive or, at worst, no negative effect on their profit or their productivity and on their retention. Ninety-nine percent of them said that it boosted morale. Paid leave is good for business and it is good for working families, so we have to pass it. I know there is bipar-tisan support to do it. Let’s start re-warding work again and give people the opportunity to earn a better life for their families, and let’s finally give Americans access to paid leave. I urge my colleagues to join me in this fight and pass the FAMILY Act. I now wish to yield the floor to my colleague from Illinois, who is also going to speak about why this is good for America. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague from New York, who is on the floor today, for her leadership on this very important issue. I am here to join in the discussion on one of the most pressing issues facing American families all across our coun-try—our Nation’s outdated family leave policy. About 2 weeks ago, I an-nounced that I am expecting a baby girl in April. The support for my an-nouncement has been overwhelming, and I am grateful for it. I have received so many congratulations and lots of questions about my daughter-to-be. I have also gotten questions about how I balance being a working mother and a legislator, how I expect to handle hav-ing a newborn and a 3-year-old as I con-tinue my work here in the U.S. Senate. I know these questions come from a good place, but let’s be real. It is 2018. Women have been having children since the beginning of humanity, and I am nowhere near the first person to be a working mom. In fact, my colleague was a working mom and legislator long before I was. Millions of women have been bal-ancing the demands of their job and their families ever since female trail-blazers first joined the working world, but you wouldn’t know that based on the policies we have adopted as a coun-try. The United States is one of just a handful of developed countries in the world that doesn’t offer paid maternity leave, and one of the very few industri-alized nations that doesn’t offer paid parental or family leave to parents. Across our Nation, working parents face barriers to staying in the work-force. Lack of access to affordable child care and paid family medical and parental leave forces people to choose between taking care of their children or a sick family member and losing their job and their health insurance. That hurts our entire country. That is why, as we mark the 25th anniversary of the Family and Medical Leave Act today, I want to highlight the com-monsense legislation my colleagues and I have introduced to make the workplace more accommodating for working parents. Senator G
ILLIBRAND has a great bill, the FAMILY Act, which would do just that by creating a universal family and medical leave insurance program that would cost employers and employees less than $1.50 per week on average. This is the ultimate in self-help. This is people helping themselves so that they can have the leave they need when their families need it. Senator P
ATTY MURRAY ’s Child Care for Working Families Act would ensure every family has access to affordable and high-quality child care. And my Child Care Access Means Parents in Schools Reauthorization Act would in-crease access to on-campus care for student parents, who make up more than one-quarter of all college students in America. These bills are a great place to start, and we should take them up in the Sen-ate as soon as possible. After all, the FMLA passed in 1993. While it was an important step forward for our coun-try, it is not comprehensive and it is nowhere near enough. Many workers across the country are ineligible for it, don’t qualify to receive unpaid time off, and can’t afford it. The FMLA does little to help Americans who cannot af-ford to take unpaid time off from work, forcing people to choose between a pay-check and being able to pay their mort-gage and support their own loved ones. We need to do what we can to change that—to finally offer paid parental leave like the rest of the world has. There is no reason we can’t get this done today, and we should get to work on it today. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Dakota. Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I rise today to talk about paid family leave. I want to introduce this topic by say-ing that politicians across America, whether they are local, whether they are in State offices, or whether they are in very important bodies like the U.S. Senate, make one pledge; that is, to support American families. They promise to try to make life just a little easier for people who are raising the next generation, to do what it takes to encourage people to have families and to have children, so our future is se-cured not only with a workforce but also the vibrancy that is America. It has been 25 years since we adopted the Family Medical Leave Act. That was a great step forward, and I actu-ally remember when it happened. I was North Dakota’s attorney general cheer-ing from the sidelines, thinking: We have solved this problem. We are now protecting parents from losing their jobs and enabling them to care for their newborns. Unfortunately, it wasn’t enough. It wasn’t enough be-cause how many people, even if they have the protection, can afford to exer-cise their rights under the Family Med-ical Leave Act? The answer is very, very few in my State. It is absolutely essential that we take this to the next step. It is essen-tial that we make sure we are not forc-ing our citizens to choose between working—as they have to when fami-lies live paycheck to paycheck—and caring for their newborn. Many daycare facilities will not even take an infant until they are 10 or 12 weeks old. So what choice have we really given people under the Family Medical Leave Act? Just 15 percent of the workforce in the United States has access to paid family leave through their employer. That leaves millions of people without access to paid leave for time away from their job to care for a new child or a se-riously sick relative. It is well past the time that the United States of America—the greatest country in the world—has a Federal paid family and medical leave policy to truly support working families. I will tell my colleagues that I find this issue particularly vexing because North Dakota competes with the rest of the country for workforce. If you go to California, this benefit is extended through a State system. If you go to Rhode Island, this benefit is extended through a State system. New York is pursuing a State system. Certainly States with large populations, like New York and California, have the econo-mies of scale to offer this benefit in a State-based system. Guess what hap-pens to a State that only has just over 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:46 Feb 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07FE6.011 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES676 February 7, 2018 
700,000 people in population. Think about the percentages that we would need to run a State-based program. We need a national solution to this problem. I know a lot of people are say-ing: Well, the States are doing it; they are the laboratories of experimentation in this great democracy. But the funda-mental problem is that for States like mine that don’t enjoy economies of scale, this will not be a reality for the women, for the families in my State who want to have children. Also, daycare is the second issue that makes this so difficult. We need to make sure that people know they are going to have a guaran-teed income for those first three months of child-raising. Why is that important? It is important because we know that as a matter of physiological development, that bonding period of time with your parents during those early months is so critical. When chil-dren get detached from their parents during those early months, they can suffer psychological effects that will last forever. So we need to get this done. Let’s talk about what proposals are on the table. I don’t want to be critical because I think it is wonderful that this issue has come to this body, not only on this side of the aisle, to talk about the need for paid family leave. But, once again, where we applauded the Family Medical Leave Act, we left too many people behind. We can’t do that again. That is why it is really im-portant that we analyze the proposals that are out there. I know that along with my good friend, the Senator from New York, we have been having long and extensive conversations with many Republicans about this issue, as well as with many folks in the White House, about the need for Federal paid leave. Over the past few days, details have come out about a Republican plan that would have new parents do something we should never do, which is take money out of our retirement system. The plan suggests that new parents take money out of their Social Security benefits. Think about that. We have a retire-ment crisis in this country. Too few people have anything other than Social Security to live on in their older years, and now we are saying: Guess what. Borrow against that. Get your Social Security to help you pay for what hap-pens today, and then hope upon hope that you will have enough money to re-tire in the future. It is, quite honestly, the wrong direction. This plan does not, in my opinion, support families. It would not help most working families and those who could use it. It would force them to choose between caring for a newborn or a family member or their retirement savings. I think it is likely that people would take that option, but jeopard-izing their future retirement is not a choice they should have to make. Additionally, just think about this: Women already get, on average, 20 per-cent less in Social Security benefits than men. Why is that? It is that way because of the pay gap we have in this country—another issue we could dis-cuss, but we are not going to do that today. Social Security is a critical retire-ment security plan in this country, and for far too many families, it is the only thing they can rely on in retirement— something we need to fix—and we don’t need to exacerbate it by complicating the Social Security retirement crisis with the problem of paid family leave. So I am here to advocate for a bill that Senator G
ILLIBRAND has intro-duced and I have proudly cosponsored called the FAMILY Act. It is a real Federal paid leave policy that I think we desperately need. We need to sup-port working families, and this bill does, because it would make that promise of family paid leave possible. Our bill provides 12 weeks of par-tially paid leave for workers dealing with serious health issues of their own, including birth and adoption of chil-dren, or for family members. Our bill would create an affordable, effective earned benefit that both employers and employees could and would contribute to. For employees, the paid leave ben-efit would always apply to them no matter where they live. It is transport-able, which is so important in this new gig economy. Almost half of North Dakota workers do not qualify for a single—now, I want my colleagues to remember this—work day where they could get sick, and only about one-third of North Dakota’s workers are eligible for and can afford unpaid leave. For them, the FAMILY Act would make all the difference. No family should have to choose between a loved one and their job. No family should have to make the choices that they have to make today, frequently delaying raising a family because they simply can’t afford it when they put pen to paper. Our bill also levels the playing field for businesses. I think this is an impor-tant part. I want people to understand this. If you are a small firm in North Dakota that does coding—let’s say you are a software firm and you get an ex-citing new product and you want to generate excitement within your busi-ness. You want to recruit the best and the brightest coming out of our univer-sities, coming out of our tech schools, but you are competing against Micro-soft and you are competing against Google and you are competing against all of those companies that can afford to provide that benefit. Many, many of the small businesses in my State have said: Help us compete; help us compete for the best and brightest. When those benefits are offered to workers, where are they going to go if they want to raise a family? They are going to go not just to where the pay is better, but they are also going to go where they can get the benefit of paid family leave. It is critically important that small businesses be enable to enjoy the economies of scale. If you work in retail and you say ‘‘I want to exercise my right to paid fam-ily leave or my right to family leave, and I am going to go,’’ the employer is going to protect the job, but they can’t afford to pay that person when they are paying another person in a small busi-ness. If my colleagues can think about this the way I think about it—we have unemployment insurance for a reason. We have unemployment insurance be-cause temporarily people have to get out of the workforce because maybe their job no longer exists or they have lost their job for some reason. We give unemployment benefits to help bridge them to the next job and to keep them in the workforce. As a condition of that, we ask them to continue to look for a job, and, hopefully, we provide some services in their search for a job. Think about the unemployment sys-tem. Who here would repeal unemploy-ment insurance? It is temporary. This is an extension. Think about it like we would think about unemployment in-surance. If something happens in your family—you have a baby, your mother gets cancer, your husband gets can-cer—you can’t afford to take time off, but you can’t afford to leave them alone. So what do you do? You exit the workforce, potentially qualifying for food stamps, potentially qualifying for government benefits. This benefit keeps people in the workforce. When I talked about this benefit in Dickinson, ND—not exactly a hotbed of liberalism—and explained why I thought it was important, a woman came up afterward and said: Do you know what I really like about your plan? I said: That we are going to help fam-ilies? She said: Well, that is important. But I really like that it keeps people in the workforce, that they have a job when they come back, and that they are able to bridge that and not leave employ-ment. Think about the economic disruption when somebody can’t keep an employee because of these challenges. Retraining costs are high. When this started in California, this was not yet again another big govern-ment program. People would talk about it that way. Satisfaction levels with this program from every end of the spectrum in California are off the charts—with employers and employees, with small business and with large business—because they know that the retraining and retooling they would have to do for employees is expensive, and they want to keep the good em-ployees that they have. Let’s do something for families. Let’s actually do something. Let’s not just promise it. Let’s not mortgage our re-tirement for it. Let’s do something for families and actually take this burden and say: We are going to help you. If you want to have a child, it is 3 months of paid family leave. It is not at your total salary. It will not be the full amount, but we are going to help you if 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07FE6.014 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S677 February 7, 2018 
your mom gets sick with cancer so you don’t have to leave your job to take care of her. We are going to work with families to make this happen. I guarantee that this will be a pro-gram that will be remembered the way we remember other great programs, such as Social Security, Medicare, and unemployment insurance. I urge my colleagues to take a look at the FAMILY Act. Take a look at all of the good economic arguments that go with it—not the heartwarming argu-ments, which I think we can make, but the economic arguments about why this makes sense for American business and for the American economy. I yield the floor. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, when the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was signed into law in December, we heard a lot about what was going to immediately hap-pen. This was going to be a tax cut for the rich. Corporations were going to use their money to buy back their stock and not share it with the people who work for them. The Senate was as divided on a par-tisan basis as the Senate could be. Every person in the majority voted for the tax bill. Every person in the minor-ity voted against the tax bill. We heard from some of the leaders of the other side that it would be Arma-geddon. We heard from President Obama’s Treasury Secretary that 10,000 people would die every year if the tax bill was signed into law. We heard that the average family would only get crumbs and scraps from the tax bill. It is turning out that this is not what ap-pears to be happening at all. Companies have stepped up to show that in a growing economy—in an economy they believe is going to grow—they value the people they work with and they value the employees of their company in a way we wouldn’t have anticipated. I thought this would happen as we saw the economy take off from the tax bill. It didn’t occur to most of us that companies would step up on day one and say: We are going to value and show our value to the people who work for us. Over 3.8 million people now have re-ceived over $4 billion in bonuses. A lot of those happened in my State of Mis-souri. The Central Bank of St. Louis, which employs over 2,000 people, gave a $1,000 bonus to all full-time employees, and the 246 part-time employees will get a $500 bonus. Charter Communications announced, as many people have, that they are going to increase their own minimum wage. Whatever their minimum sala-ries have been in the past, those are now going to be higher. The best kind of minimum wage increase is because you believe that is the fair thing to do for your employees and also because you believe it is what you need to do to keep good employees in a rising econ-omy. I think we had gotten so used to the stagnant economy of the last 8 or so years that people had forgotten what happens when the economy be-gins to grow. So Charter Communica-tions is now increasing their minimum wage to $15 an hour. Commerce Bancshares, in Kansas City, has more than 2,300 employees in Missouri, and they gave a $1,000 bonus to all of their full-time employees and a $250 bonus to their part-time employ-ees. Mid-Am Metal Forming in southwest Missouri gave all 140 of their employees a cash bonus. This is not just about big companies. This is about little companies looking at how they want to grow and knowing that to grow, they need to keep a workforce that can be part of that growth. Great Southern Bank, in my home-town of Springfield, has over 800 Mis-souri employees. They gave a $1,000 bonus to full-time employees and a $500 bonus to part-time employees. Walmart announced that the 25,700 Missourians who work for them are not only getting bonuses, but they are rais-ing the starting wage for full-time em-ployees to just under $14 an hour—sub-stantially higher than the wage other-wise. That doesn’t sound like crumbs to the people who are getting those bo-nuses. They see what they can do with it. Solomon Essex, a warehouse worker at Dynamic Fastener, in Raytown, told us he was using his $1,000 bonus to help his daughter buy a car. Mary Beth Hartman, who owns a con-struction company in Springfield, said: ‘‘I’ve been able to offer my long tenured employees a week of vacation’’ that they didn’t have before. ‘‘They’re getting plenty of overtime; they have job security.’’ She is also creating new jobs in her business. It is a good start, but I think there are even more announcements and more good opportunities ahead. Senator C
APITO and I were on the floor talking about this before the bill passed. I said several times that there are two ways to increase your take- home pay. One is for the government to take less out of it, and another one is for you to get a better job to start with. We are already beginning to see both of those things happen. When you double the standard deduction, when you double the child tax credit, and when you lower the rates, the new code allows you to have more money. Our friends on the other side said people wouldn’t get a tax cut. But 90 percent of the workers in the country who have income tax deducted from their paycheck are going to have less income tax deducted on the same pay in February than they would have had in December. What does that mean? I will mention here that the Univer-sity of Missouri just beat Kentucky in basketball for the first time since we got into the SEC, a handful of years ago. We didn’t want to let that go unmentioned. The Boone County clerk announced that he had run the payroll for the first time for all 485 county employees, and the average county employee was get-ting $150.54 a month more than they were getting on that same salary last year. Many of those employees have two people in their house working. This is just the one salary—an average of $150.54. That is about $1,800 a year. A brand-new deputy sheriff in Boone County who earns $45,905 will have an extra $1,929 this year that they didn’t have if they started that same job in November or December of last year. Now, $1,900 does a lot of things. Two hundred dollars a month only seems like a lot if you don’t have it. In Boone County, that payroll for 485 people cal-culates right at $945,000 a year that those employees will have that in the past they would have sent to the Fed-eral Government. Some of it will be saved. Some of it will be spent. When I was flying back from Kansas City on Sunday, a guy behind me on the plane, as we were getting off, tapped me on the shoulder and said: Thanks for the tax cut. My wife and I just got our first checks with the new tax rates, and we are going to have $5,000 more this year than we had last year. We are going to put every penny of it in our kids’ college savings ac-count and we are really happy about it. We are really happy about it. We don’t often hear people say: We are really happy about something you have done for us because it is going to make a difference for the future of our family. But this tax bill will. For a single parent with one child in Missouri who makes $41,000 a year, their taxes are going to go down 75 per-cent. That single parent with one child will have $1,400 more this year than they had last year—over $100 every sin-gle month. A family of four who makes about $75,000 will have $2,000 more. That is a 50 percent tax cut for that family. For most people, that is 2 months’ worth of groceries. It is gasoline. It is an elec-tric bill. If you get your electricity from a pri-vately owned electric company, like many people do in 47 States, some of the electric companies are going to be reducing their rates. Now, if you have a rural electric coop, like my farm in Strafford has, or a public utility, like my house in Springfield has, you will not get that tax cut, but lots of Mis-sourians get their electric from some-body that pays taxes. If you pay taxes, you are going to be reducing your elec-tric bill because that 35 percent rate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07FE6.015 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES678 February 7, 2018 
was figured into what you are allowed to charge. Now you are paying 20 per-cent. That is money you are going to be giving back to the families and busi-nesses you serve. Helping families means ensuring that they have more opportunities in the fu-ture. Being part of a growing economy means you are going to have more op-portunities in the future. We are seeing all those things happen, and I think we are going to continue to see them hap-pen—not just in businesses like AT&T, Boeing, and Apple, which, by the way, just brought all of the money they had earned outside the country back home. They just announced that they are bringing 100 percent of everything back, which they would have not brought back at a 35-percent rate. But they are glad to bring it back at the rate in this tax bill. We are glad to see all those companies in a more competi-tive marketplace, just like small busi-nesses are. So even though the law went into ef-fect just a little over a month ago, I think we are seeing the kind of reac-tion we would have hoped for. Families are beginning to see that what they were told about the tax bill wasn’t true. You should never want to say something that is not true, but surely you should not want to do it when in 60 days you are going to be proven not true in the one thing that everybody looks at—which is a bigger paycheck than they had 60 days ago. In spite of what was said, 9 out of 10 workers are going to have a bigger pay-check, and those are hard-working families. The people who don’t benefit from the tax cut are the people at the richest end of the tax scale, not the other end of the tax scale. So I think we are off to a good start. I think we ought to be talking about a growing economy. All of us ought to be watching, after a decade of not seeing the economy grow, what has happened over the last few months and what really happens now as we move to a better place for families, a better place for jobs, and a better place for competi-tion because of the tax bill we passed in December and the President signed into law. With that, I think other colleagues of mine are here. Senator C
APITO and I have been on the floor a number of times talking about this together, and I know she is here to follow me now. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The Senator from West Virginia. Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Missouri for his ter-rific explanation, 60 days hence, of vot-ing for the tax reform bill and the ef-fects it is having in his great State. I would like to join him today to talk about what I think are the positive ef-fects of tax reform, not just across the country but particularly in my small State of West Virginia. Last Wednesday, Vice President M
IKE P
ENCE and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross came to West Virginia to talk about this at a small business, World-wide Equipment, which employs 1,100 people across the country, 200 or so of which are in West Virginia at 7 dif-ferent locations. We learned from owner Terry Dotson how he feels about tax reform and the effect it has had on his business, his employees, his ability to grow his business. What we learned is that Mr. Dotson is going to be in-vesting $8 million more in the oper-ations and in his workforce, whether it is through bonuses, expanding the fa-cilities, buying new equipment. But particularly for the men and women working for Worldwide Equipment, it is the bonuses that are going to have peo-ple seeing the immediate effect. He at-tributes this all to tax reform. The men and women of Worldwide Equipment join hundreds of thousands of workers all across this country at companies like Walmart, AT&T, Comcast, Fiat Chrysler, and many oth-ers who will receive bonuses or salary increases because of this bill. The good news doesn’t stop there, and that is good. Those of us who voted for this bill— and I did, very proudly—said that the effects of this tax reform are going to be felt in many different ways. Mr. Dotson has a relatively small business. He mentioned how he is feeling it. But many workers will see their take-home pay increase in the coming weeks, as employers are adjusting the tax with-holding based on the new law. People like Robert from Berkley Springs, WV, wrote me last week: Thank you for helping my family by voting yes on the tax bill. My family saw a signifi-cant increase in our take-home pay today. 
Edward from Hurricane, WV, said: 
I really want to thank you and the Presi-dent for the tax breaks! Please keep working to help the American workers. 
Dennie from Charleston wrote: 
The recent tax bill that was passed will provide a great boost to our economy in many ways including more employment op-portunities and money in people’s pockets. 
And Robert, who is a small business owner from Huntington, wrote: 
I want to thank you for your yes vote on the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. This legislation recognizes the importance of small business. 
In a State like ours, 95 percent of the businesses are small businesses. Many of them are family-owned. Other West Virginians will soon see the benefits. I would like to tip my hat and con-gratulate our State auditor, J.B. McCuskey, because he took the time and made the effort to figure out what kind of impact the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will have on State workers and the workers from West Virginia University or Marshall University—the three larg-est workforces the State of West Vir-ginia does payroll for. He announced that, in total, all three of those enti-ties will have $50 million more in their pockets throughout the year—an aver-age for a State worker of $1,000 or $1,200 more per year. These are significant amounts of dollars for young families trying to buy new shoes, buy books and school supplies, use the gas to go visit or go on a vacation. We could go on and on. It seems that the coldest day—a wet day like today—is always the day the furnace breaks down. How nice it would be to not have to borrow or worry or put more credit on the credit card and have the cash to be able to do these things. I would say, $50 million more for West Virginia workers is $50 million more going into the local economy, into the State economy. Better yet, people are making their own decisions on how they are going to spend it. Just 2 months after the bill became law, Americans are already seeing the benefits. The jobs report that was re-leased last Friday showed over 200,000 jobs that were created just in the month of January. The report showed— and I think this might be even more significant than job growth—that wage growth is accelerating at the fastest rate in the last 8 years. People talk about stagnated wages and how they haven’t had a raise or how their dollars are not going as far. By increasing the standard deduction and the child tax credit for middle- class families, we are making life bet-ter for the people we represent. By making our Tax Code more competi-tive, we are allowing American compa-nies to bring home money that had pre-viously been left overseas. There was a big controversy on this when we began discussing it: Are they really going to bring their money home? Apple announced plans to return as much as $250 billion in cash that it had kept overseas. That is billion with a ‘‘b.’’ That move is expected to create 20,000 new American jobs and a tax payment of $38 billion on the repatri-ated cash. I think that is, obviously, one of the largest examples but also one of the best examples of an Amer-ican company. Under our previous, outdated Tax Code, corporations were faced with a 35-percent tax if they brought their for-eign earnings home. Because the U.S. corporate rate was the highest in the developed world, American companies often made the financial choice to leave their foreign profits overseas, which meant that under the old sys-tem, the Federal Treasury was fre-quently left to collect 35 percent of nothing because people weren’t bring-ing the money back. Jobs that could have been done in America were being done elsewhere. That was a big prob-lem. In December we fixed it with this bill. We said that a more competitive tax code would allow our companies to bring their money back and provide more opportunities for Americans all across this country. That is exactly what we are starting to see. Today I want to highlight another part of the tax reform effort. I thank my colleague from South Carolina, Senator T
IMSCOTT, who spearheaded this. He was the sponsor of the Invest-ing in Opportunity Act, and I was a co-sponsor. This bill, which became part 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07FE6.016 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S679 February 7, 2018 
of the law in the tax reform bill, will help spur growth in economically dis-tressed areas. Under the bill, investors can defer their capital gains tax if they invest in opportunity funds. In rural areas, particularly those that have difficult economic condi-tions, such as many of the areas of my State, it is hard to spur investment, to get more people back to work, to cre-ate new opportunities. These funds must be invested in distressed areas and census tracts that are designated by Governors—who knows best but the Governors where these distressed cen-sus tracts are—and create opportunity zones. That will provide capital to help grow new businesses and also create jobs in parts of our country that really need them the most. If those parts of our country rise, the rest of the coun-try will continue to rise. According to the Economic Innova-tion Group, one in six Americans lives in an economically distressed commu-nity. These distressed areas lost 6 per-cent of their jobs between the years 2011 and 2015. The New York Times recently high-lighted the benefits of the Investing in Opportunity Act, writing that rural areas accounted for just 3 percent— only 3 percent—of the job growth in the years 2010 to 2014. Rural commu-nities saw more businesses close than open over that time period. Many West Virginia communities are continuing to suffer the consequences of the previous administration’s anti- coal policies. Their economies could use this boost, and this is exactly what tax reform and the Investing in Oppor-tunity Act, in particular, will provide. Passing tax reform fulfilled a promise that we made to the American people to make jobs and economic growth our top priority. Two weeks ago, the Senate fulfilled another major promise by passing the longest extension of the Children’s Health Insurance Program. In West Virginia, approximately 22,000 children rely on CHIP for access to their healthcare. It has been a successful program. It has been one that really helps a lot of families, a lot of working families. Over the years, it has helped improve the health of our State’s chil-dren. These working families deserve the long-term certainty that the CHIP program will be there to provide access to critical services, and I am proud we provided that certainty. I have been a strong supporter of the CHIP program for over 20 years. I was on the con-ference committee in the State house in the late nineties when we forged and implemented the program in our State, and I have been dedicated to it ever since. When I came to the Senate 3 years ago, in my maiden speech, I made long- term funding for the CHIP program one of my main priorities. Passage of this bipartisan legislation to extend it for the next 6 years was a big win for the children of this country and across West Virginia too. Hard-working Amer-icans are the beneficiaries of both tax reform and the CHIP reauthorization. I am confident the benefits will keep coming. It seems that every day some-thing good is happening in the Amer-ican economy with businesses and raises and bonuses and lower tax bills. People are beginning to see this in their withholding. Struggling commu-nities in West Virginia welcome this. Cities and suburbs in rural areas across the country will see greater economic growth, all because of the tax reform bill. It has been presented to us as that. Many of the companies making announcements are not making these announcements in a vacuum. They are saying, very exclusively, that because of the tax reform bill that the Congress passed and the President signed, we are able to do these things we have been wanting to do for our employees: Give them a bonus, put more money in their pensions, help give more charitable contributions in the communities where they live, provide more long- term certainty. Have no doubt, we will continue to work to add to the list of accomplish-ments, and I will probably be on the Senate floor talking about them. I yield the floor. I see my colleague from Indiana is here to talk about tax reform. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Indiana. Mr. YOUNG. Mr. President, I rise today to speak in support of—and to share a sample of—the positive results my State of Indiana is already experi-encing as a result of tax reform. Hoo-siers like Chelsee Hatfield, who accom-panied me at the State of the Union ad-dress last week, are already seeing the benefits of this historic tax overhaul. Chelsee is a young mother of three. She is a teller at a rural branch of First Farmers Bank & Trust Company in Tipton, IN. Chelsee recently learned that she is going to receive a raise and a bonus as a result of tax reform. This additional income will help Chelsee go back to school and earn her associate’s degree. It is also going to enable her to put money away for her children’s col-lege education. First Farmers Bank & Trust is also investing $250,000 per year—per year— in community development in the small rural communities where they serve businesses and individuals. More-over, First Farmers is going to invest $150,000 per year in employee develop-ment. This is just one company throughout the State of Indiana, and we are seeing all sorts of stories like this already emerging. Chelsee and the employees of First Farmers Bank & Trust represent so many regular Hoosiers who work in small towns and in our large cities, and they are going to see real benefits, sub-stantial benefits, for themselves and their families. As a result, the entire State and country, of course, will ben-efit as well. Indiana, like so many States, is al-ready seeing a steady stream of tax re-form success stories like these—and has ever since we passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. I will just go through a number of these positive stories that are emerging. Anthem, an Indiana-based health in-surance company, announced on Mon-day that more than 58,000 employees and recent retirees will receive $1,000 contributions to their retirements. Now, in my family and in so many fam-ilies around this country, $1,000 is a lot of money. That is just in the here and now. Moving forward, we can expect in-creased economic growth, a greater de-mand for workers, and for more wages to increase. Just in the near term, we know that Anthem has said it will give retirees and employees $1,000 contribu-tions to their retirements. Family Express Convenience Stores, out of Valparaiso, announced it is boosting its starting wage for employ-ees at their 70 locations throughout In-diana. Gus Olympidis is its CEO, and he said: ‘‘We feel obligated to pass on a significant portion of the tax savings to our staff.’’ Of course, we have heard this from a number of employers and their leadership. They are passing on tax savings to their employees because they want to retain these employees. This, of course, is a good way to do it. Southwest Airlines announced that it will be investing in a new fleet of air-planes, and the engines will be built by Hoosiers in Lafayette. FedEx is investing $1.5 billion in its Indianapolis hub and is providing bo-nuses to its workers. First Midwest Bank raised its min-imum pay for hourly employees to $15 an hour at its 18 Northwest Indiana branches. These are real results—real com-pensation and real benefits—already being experienced by rank-and-file Hoosiers—the people who help keep this economy humming. I listened very carefully to Hoosier voices when we were debating the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and I am glad to see their voices were heard, in the end, by a majority of my colleagues. Workers at companies of all sizes are already beginning to see the benefits of a tax code that is simpler, that is fairer, and that allows Hoosiers to keep more of their hard-earned money. I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, 47 days is how long it has been since President Trump signed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act into law, and what a 47 days it has been. We are already begin-ning to see what meaningful tax relief looks like for middle- and working- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07FE6.018 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES680 February 7, 2018 
class Americans. In just 47 days, well over 3 million American workers—the people who get up every day and go to work and obey the law and try to do the right thing by their kids—have re-ceived wage increases, benefits in-creases, and/or bonuses. I have heard a number of so-called experts say—and it has been my experi-ence that the experts are almost al-ways wrong, but that is a separate sub-ject—that if Congress reduced the cor-porate tax rate from 40 to 21 percent and if Congress lowered taxes on sub-chapter S corporations, LLCs, LLPs, sole proprietorships, and family farms, the benefits would only be felt by the so-called rich. I, respectfully, suggest that those 3 million Americans who have received bonuses and higher wages and more generous benefits— once again, in just 47 days—would not agree with the experts. In those 47 short days, over 330 companies have passed along their tax savings to their employees. I am from Louisiana. One of my State’s largest employers, JPMorgan Chase, has increased its minimum wage and expanded benefits for its hourly workers—real money in higher take- home pay. JPMorgan Chase has also planned a $20 billion 5-year domestic investment that will benefit those Americans who own homes, who own small businesses, or those who would like to someday as part of the Amer-ican dream. Honeywell, another well recognized corporation, happens to have a manu-facturing plant in Geismar, LA. Honey-well was quick to increase its 401(k) match for its employees, which helps to ensure certainty for people in their retirements. BancorpSouth, another company that does business in Lou-isiana, gave raises to 70 percent of its employees right off the bat—within the first 47 days. AT&T has 4,600 employees in Louisiana. Those employees are going to see $1,000 in bonuses and many other benefits of a $1 billion increase in investment by the company—all as a result of the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. There are other businesses with foot-prints in Louisiana—businesses like Home Depot, Cabot Oil & Gas Corpora-tion, Starbucks, Visa, American Air-lines, Capital One, Southwest Airlines, Bank of America, Apple, Fidelity, Humana, Nationwide, Regions, Verizon, and FedEx, just to name a few. They also made the list of compa-nies that are passing along their sav-ings to the American worker. Furthermore, in my home State of Louisiana, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is allowing small businesses to grow and reinvest in their employees and in their communities. Thanks to the TCJA, or the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act— I hate acronyms, as does the Presiding Officer—the Gulf Coast Bank & Trust Company, which is a bank in Lou-isiana—actually, in the New Orleans metropolitan area—was able to raise its minimum wage to $12 an hour, near-ly doubling the federally mandated minimum wage. The Gulf Coast Bank & Trust Company was also able to in-crease its charitable contributions by $75,000. Maybe, to some, that $75,000 is mere crumbs, but to the people of Lou-isiana, that is a lot of money. Blessey Marine Services, in Harahan, LA, immediately took $1 million of its tax savings and increased its employ-ees’ benefits. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act also al-lowed for a small brewery in Ham-mond, LA, to expand. I live about 30 miles away from it. The brewery is called Gnarly Barley. I love that name, ‘‘Gnarly Barley.’’ Gnarly Barley is going to expand, hire more workers, and provide more benefits to its exist-ing workers. It is not as big as AT&T, but Gnarly Barley and the people who work for it are just as important to my State and to the country. I would also point out that another Louisiana bank, IBERIABANK Cor-poration, is giving 80 percent of its em-ployees $1,000 bonuses. You can call that a crumb if you want to, but in Louisiana, $1,000 is a lot of money, and I think it is a lot of money to most Americans. I could keep going, but I think you get the point. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has promised just about every American family and just about every American worker and nearly every American business, large and small, a tax break, and they are already start-ing to see the effects. I have said this before, but it bears saying one more time that you cannot be for jobs if you are against business. You will never hear a politician say he is against jobs or she is against jobs. Every politician is for jobs, but you cannot be for jobs if you are against business. In order for businessmen and busi-nesswomen to succeed, they need four things. They need reasonable regula-tions, they need a well-trained work-force, they need decent infrastructure, and they need low taxes. That is what government is supposed to provide. Then government needs to get out of the way and let the free enterprise sys-tem work. Our Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has provided those low taxes, and I am very proud of the bill. Last September, I stood here and talked about the importance of tax re-lief for American families, businesses, and industries and for the overall health of our economy. I didn’t know if I would see the day, but, finally, we are on track to see better than average economic growth. I am talking about 3- plus percent. We talk about 3 percent growth as if it is the Holy Grail, but it is just average for the American econ-omy. Our burdensome Tax Code—it is clear now—was hamstringing our job creators, limiting productivity, and keeping wages about as low as they were, adjusted for inflation, in 1999. The American economy needed a shot in the arm, and that shot in the arm came 47 days ago. I think the outlook for our economy is better now than, certainly, it has been in 10 years. I guarantee you that 47 days from now, it will look even better because the Congress had the courage to legislate what the American people already knew, and that is that people can spend the money they earn better than the government can. I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield to the Senator from Montana. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Louisiana for allow-ing me to say a few words, and I thank you, Mr. President, for doing the same. Hopefully, today works out better than the last 131 days have, in that hopefully today a bipartisan group of Senators will be able to put forth a budget agreement that will be long term. I thank them because as part of that—although it isn’t done yet so we don’t want to get the cart too far ahead of the horse—there is funding for com-munity health centers in this agree-ment. Funding for community health cen-ters has become a top priority for me, and it became that because of my visits to community health centers around the State, from Bullhook in Havre to RiverStone in Billings, to the South-west Montana Community Health Cen-ter in Butte, to Partnership Health Center in Helena and Missoula, and the list goes on. These health centers pro-vide incredibly affordable and efficient healthcare to people across Montana. So I am incredibly pleased to work with the leadership in this body and get a deep deal for community healthcare centers across this country, including Montana’s 17 community health centers. I would say 2 years is a good start, but there happens to be 19 bipartisan cosponsors on a bill called the CHIME Act, which would reauthorize commu-nity health center funding for 5 years. That is where we really need to be. I am not complaining about the 2 years. I think it is important that we keep these folks going, and 2 years is cer-tainly better than where we are now, but, really, we don’t look with much vision in this body, and it is not vision-ary to say we are going to give a 5-year funding mechanism to our community health centers, but that is what we need to do today. We need to give the community health centers the long- term predictability they deserve. In Montana, these centers are the backbone of much of our healthcare de-livery system. They provide affordable access to care, keeping our commu-nities and families healthy. Let me give you a little example of how impor-tant these are. Community health centers alone pro-vide over 10 percent of the healthcare for the people of the State of Montana. It is where they go to get care, and 85 percent of those folks are low income. These are folks who probably wouldn’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07FE6.019 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S681 February 7, 2018 
be able to get healthcare without the community health center there, and 20,000 of them are children. Montana is a big State geographically, with not a lot of folks. Oftentimes folks have to travel a long way, under the best of conditions, to see a doctor. If we didn’t do this funding mechanism that we hope happens today or tomorrow, we would see these folks traveling hun-dreds of more miles to see a doctor be-cause oftentimes this is the only healthcare facility close to them. Although the news we have heard today so far seems to be positive on our budget, it doesn’t change the fact that Congress should have acted on this 131 days ago. A solution should have been passed when our fiscal year ended at the end of September. It speaks to the dysfunction of this body. Our basic job is to put forth a funding mechanism, known as a budget, that will provide basic healthcare that will fund commu-nity health centers and CHIP—not use them as political pawns—fund them, give people certainty, give our military certainty, give our security folks cer-tainty, and not continue governing from crisis to crisis with continuing resolution after continuing resolution. I have seen firsthand the destruction these short-term budgets have had on health clinics, veterans, and small business. I just had a group of school board folks in my office yesterday who talked about Impact Aid. These are schools that serve our military and Na-tive Americans. They said these CRs were limiting the possibility for pay-ments for Impact Aid schools. We have heard from our military leaders about how the short-term CR is wasting taxpayer dollars and hurting our military readiness. At a time when men and women from this great coun-try are stationed around the world, we need to give them certainty. They need to know we are doing our job as they do their jobs in incredibly difficult con-ditions. So, for 131 days, too many Americans have been living with uncertainty as a direct result of dysfunction in Con-gress. This agreement is a step in the right direction, and I am very pleased to see progress on a budget because 131 days is too long. Let’s get this fixed, and over the coming weeks, I will be more than happy to sit down with Republicans, Democrats, and Independents who are willing to roll up their sleeves and work to give this country, small busi-nesses, and working families predict-ability through a longer term budget so they can move forward and be all they hope to be in the greatest country in the world. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
PAID LEAVE  
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, we hear a lot in this Chamber about fam-ily values. We hear from Democrats and we hear from Republicans about the need to support and improve the strength of families across our Nation. What are the things that really do pro-vide the foundation for a family to thrive? Jobs, education, and healthcare. Good-paying jobs and jobs with good working conditions, cer-tainly, are extremely valuable, but the issue of good-paying jobs and good working conditions has been caught in a struggle between ‘‘we the people’’ and the powerful and privileged of this Na-tion. Our Constitution starts out with these three beautiful words: ‘‘We the People.’’ The whole entire setup was to avoid the type of situation that was in so many places in Europe, where the priv-ileged and powerful families ran every-thing for their own benefit and not for the benefit of the people of the United States of America—in that case, the people of Europe. Our vision is different. Yet, time and again, we see this struggle played out, where the powerful and privileged are trying to ride right over the top of or-dinary people—ordinary working Americans, ordinary middle-class Americans. That certainly is the case when we take a look at the issue of the Family and Medical Leave Act, FMLA. This is an act passed 25 years ago. It was a major step forward in striking a better balance for good working conditions. Let’s revisit a little bit of the debate that occurred 25 years ago in prepara-tion for the consideration of that act. Many folks today don’t realize that the opportunity to take unpaid time off to be with a child or be with a loved one who is very sick or a family member who is dying is something that came out of the FMLA 25 years ago. They as-sumed this is just a fair, decent, and right way to treat your employees; that it produces more productive, more loyal team members, and it is just part of an appropriate consideration of the human condition. Before we had the FMLA 25 years ago, oftentimes people couldn’t take time off to have an operation for a medical condition. Being sick a day might mean you are fired. Tending to a newborn child might mean you lose your job. Decent, ordinary interaction with family was something that was not prioritized by the companies around this country. It is a system that big, powerful, and privileged indi-viduals and organizations fought to preserve. It took 7 years of congressional de-bates. It took overcoming two Presi-dential vetoes. It took overcoming en-trenched opposition from special inter-ests that said it would be a disaster for workers to be able to address their medical conditions or their family medical conditions. They predicted all types of catastrophes. The chamber of commerce back then called FMLA—that is simply family and medical leave—a dangerous prece-dent. The National Federation of Inde-pendent Business said it was the great-est threat to small business in Amer-ica. One Member of Congress, Rep-resentative Cass Ballenger of North Carolina, described FMLA as essen-tially ‘‘nothing short of Europeanization,’’ and he didn’t mean that in a complimentary fashion. We know better today. There is no partisan debate over the FMLA today. There is no organized corporate opposi-tion to the Family and Medical Leave Act. Companies have found, treating their employees with the opportunity to address medical conditions of their own or their family members or to be with a new baby is simply a win-win for the company and for the employer. More than 200 million working Ameri-cans have taken leave under the Fam-ily and Medical Leave Act to care for a newborn child, to sit at the bedside of a sick loved one, or to recuperate after a major surgery. What has been the re-sult? According to a Labor Department survey released 5 years ago on the 20th anniversary, 91 percent of employers said the law had either a positive im-pact or at least no negative impact on the business. Whenever you get 9 out of 10 on anything in America, we should pay a lot of attention to that. The FMLA has been so successful and so popular, it has been expanded twice. In 2008, we expanded it to allow mili-tary families to take up to 26 weeks of leave to care for injured servicemem-bers. Then again, in 2009, we expanded it to cover flight attendants and airline flight crews. It is time we consider, on the 25th anniversary, that we need to go from a system of simply unpaid leave to a system of paid leave. We need to join the rest of the developed world and say: It makes so much sense for family members to have this flexi-bility. It makes so much of an im-proved worker and an improved family that it is a win-win for America. It is time to recognize that while the FMLA—Family and Medical Leave Act—was powerful, it is only powerful for those who could afford to go with-out income. That leaves out a great, vast swath of America. President Trump said he wants to fight for working families, so I would expect him to be down here lobbying for the improvement of this act. We haven’t heard from him yet, and I am not really expecting we will because what we have seen in the course of the past year is, while talking about strengthening families, time and again, the President is simply about dimin-ishing the support for working families and undermining them. We saw that most recently with the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau, by assigning someone to go over there and head it up and then proceed to undo the protections for fair finan-cial deals that are the foundation for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07FE6.021 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES682 February 7, 2018 
the financial success of our families. Really? Turn the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau into a bureau to support financial predators? No, that does not help our families. In fact, it will help our families to advance Senator G
ILLIBRAND ’s FAM-ILY Act because the time has come for national paid family and medical leave insurance in the United States. We know this because a number of States have already enacted their own paid leave law. This isn’t some big experi-ment that we have no foundation for understanding the pros and cons be-cause States have already acted. We can evaluate how that has gone. When California was debating paid leave before its passage in 2002—yes, 16 years ago—the chamber of commerce described it as a coming disaster, and the National Federation of Independent Business predicted it would be the big-gest financial burden for business in decades, but a study looking back on California’s paid leave found that after 1.4 million leave claims were paid— that is 1.4 million times that a worker was able to take care of a medical con-dition, was able to care for a newborn, was able to sit by the bed of a dying family member—the law has helped re-duce turnover. That is good for busi-ness. It has increased employee loy-alty, which is also good for business. New Jersey passed paid family leave in 2008. They offered workers 6 weeks, at two-thirds their salary, funded through a payroll tax. At the time, the mayor of Bogata, NJ, railed against it saying, ‘‘The basic argument for this . . . is to subsidize an army of breastfeeding single mothers.’’ Well, I must say what a misunderstanding that is of the importance of a mother to be with a newborn or a father to be with a newborn. That bonding, that support—those are family values. Don’t talk about family values to me and then talk about a mother having zero days to be with a newborn or a father zero days to be with a newborn. After 2 years, New Jersey has a leave fund that has a surplus, and they did a reduction in the payroll tax that pays for it. Between 2009 and 2015, 200,000 paid leave claims were approved, pay-ing out $507 million in benefits, result-ing in employee retention of over 90 percent. Business is humming in New Jersey and in California. In fact, busi-nesses are doing well in each of the States and the District of Columbia where paid leave has already been es-tablished by law. I celebrate what we accomplished 25 years ago with the Family and Medical Leave Act, but I am saddened we re-stricted it to only those who could af-ford to take time off with no pay. Strengthening families is something we should want to happen with families who are doing well enough to go with-out pay, but we should also assist fami-lies who are struggling and living pay-check-to-paycheck. I want those moms and dads who are living paycheck to paycheck to be able to spend a moment with their newborn. I want them to get the operation they need, which causes them to miss time from their job. I want them to be able to sit by the bed of a loved wife or a husband or child as they are dying. That is strengthening the families in America. That is put-ting people ahead of the powerful and the privileged. And putting people ahead of the powerful and privileged is what our Nation is all about. So let’s get it done and pass this bill. Thank you, Mr. President. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING GEORGE AND PEGGY BROWN  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, every community has one—the iconic American diner. Its definition, as has been officially outlined, is ‘‘a friendly place, usually mom-and-pop with a sole proprietor, that serves basic, home- cooked, fresh food, for a good value.’’ This is sort of an official definition that was coined by a gentleman named Richard Gutman, who is regarded as the curator and expert on all things diner. In 1955, 4 years before Alaska won statehood, our very own iconic Amer-ican diner opened in Anchorage. It was called the Lucky Wishbone. It was a friendly place. It featured pan-fried chicken, real cheeseburgers, great milkshakes, by the way, and French fries that had been cut from potatoes just that morning. Fitting squarely within Gutman’s definition, it was a mom-and-pop. Mom was Peggy Brown. Peggy passed away in 2011 at the age of 87 after a long struggle with Parkin-son’s disease. Pop was George Brown, who passed away on January 13 at the age of 96. This is the story of two extraor-dinary individuals who helped build our community and helped build our State in remarkable and very humble ways. George, along with his partner at the time, Sven Jonasson, built the res-taurant with their own hands. Sven exited shortly thereafter, and Peggy became George’s business partner, as well as his life partner. She did the books. She greeted the guests. She was involved in every aspect of the enter-prise. In 2002, the Lucky Wishbone was named Alaska’s Small Business of the Year. When you think about it, there is nothing more homegrown, nothing more truly small business and entre-preneurial than that small diner every-body calls home. Peggy flew back to Washington, DC, to receive the award in 2002. She was introduced at the time to President George W. Bush by Sen-ator Stevens. Senator Stevens told the President: ‘‘This lady makes some of the best fried chicken in the country.’’ You wouldn’t think that coming from Alaska, but I can testify from personal knowledge that that is a fact. The Lucky Wishbone, I expect, will continue on. It is a successful business with a large following. But with the passing of Peggy and now George, it marks the end of an era for us in Alas-ka. We have lost two beloved pioneers who were dear friends to so many of us, and I am proud to count myself among that group. It is important that we ac-knowledge their place in Alaska’s his-tory, and that is what I intend to do briefly today. George was a native of Wisconsin. He attended high school in Red Wing, MN. He joined the Minnesota National Guard. He was selected for Officer Can-didate School. In 1943, George and Peggy met, and they married the next year, in 1944. It is said that they met ‘‘over Formica.’’ George was training to be a pilot, and Peggy was a waitress. Some would sug-gest that their destiny as operators of an iconic diner was sealed at that very moment, but World War II came first. George received orders to go to India. He was one of those brave pilots who navigated military aircraft over the Himalayas, colloquially known as the Hump. Coincidentally, another significant figure in Alaska’s history flew those same routes during the war. That guy’s name was Ted Stevens. After the war, George and Peggy re-turned briefly to the Midwest. They bought a share in a restaurant. In 1951, they sold their share and took off for Alaska in a 1949 Nash. It was a pretty bumpy, dusty, 2-week journey, we are told. Upon arrival, George worked con-struction on Elmendorf Air Force Base and helped build a home for his family. They moved to Arizona for a short time in the 1950s and tried out another restaurant; at that time, it was in Tuc-son. It didn’t work. It was a flop. So they returned to Alaska to try again, and this time there was no flop. On the occasion of the Wishbone’s 50th anniversary in 2005, George re-called the Wishbone’s first week in business. He shared this with a re-porter from the Anchorage Daily News, Debra McKinney. He said as follows: 
The first day we took in $80. The second day, $125. Then we went to $300 on Saturday, I believe it was. We were totally swamped. And on Sunday it was $460. At that time, why of course coffee was 10 cents, a jumbo hamburger was 65 cents, a regular ham-burger 40 cents, a milk shake, 35 cents—that kind of thing. Things were looking pretty good after that first week. From then on, the business grew and grew and grew. 
Those were George’s words. Fifty years later, according to McKinney, the Wishbone was serving up over 1,000 chickens a week, some-where between 50,000 and 70,000 a year. Serving up all of that food, of course, requires a pretty big team. George and Peggy have four children, and every one of them put in time at the Lucky Wishbone. Patricia Brown Heller—Pat Heller—is one of those children. She is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07FE6.022 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S683 February 7, 2018 
the oldest of the four. She tells the story of her involvement working in the restaurant. She says she pretty much cut her teeth in the restaurant. She was the fastest potato peeler and slicer at the Wishbone, she says on the order of 200 pounds a day. She worked in the family’s restaurant cutting those potatoes, peeling and cutting them every morning. Pat decided that the restaurant was not going to be her career and decided to go another route. She was the long-time State director for the former Sen-ator Murkowski—my father, Senator Frank Murkowski—and then when I came to the Senate, she continued on as my State director in 2003. But Pat has always been, as have her siblings, a true fixture, along with her parents, at the Lucky Wishbone. The demands of the business required growth in the workforce, and George and Peggy maintained a high standard and demanded much of their employ-ees. Many chose to stay. They were adopted into the Browns’ extended family. If you ask people throughout Anchorage if they know somebody who has worked at the Lucky Wishbone, I can tell you that extended family is pretty large. It is pretty significant. George and Peggy were known for giving away $30,000 to $40,000 in Christ-mas bonuses, health insurance, and pensions. They were very protective of the health of their customers and their employees, and the Lucky Wishbone became smoke-free long before it was fashionable and not without more than its share of controversy because many of their customers liked to smoke, but not at the Wishbone. Oftentimes, when Mom and Pop pass away, the business dies with them. Fortunately, that won’t be the case here. Ownership responsibilities going forward will be shared by Pat and two long-term employees of the Wishbone. And out of love and respect for George and Peggy, they have made a commit-ment to Anchorage, so nothing is going to change. It is comforting to know that the chicken will still be wonder-ful, the cheeseburgers will still be real, the milkshakes good, and, of course, the french fries cut fresh every morn-ing. Community is a highly valued con-cept back home in Alaska. George Brown may have set out to run a suc-cessful restaurant, but what he did was he created a community institution, a place for people to talk about golf or flying or whatever were the issues of the day. We have a tradition, I guess you can call it, in my family. During a cam-paign, when you come to election day, there is oftentimes not much more that can be done. You have gotten your message out. You are just kind of wait-ing for people to vote. So a tradition in our family is we go out for a nice lunch, and we always go to the Lucky Wishbone on election day. I think I am going to continue that tradition. This is a place where the coffee is warm and the food is hearty, a place where the smiles and the hugs have always been readily available. As much as I have missed Peggy since she has passed, I will certainly miss George. I will miss his smile. I will miss his conversation. But it is comforting to know that their legacy will continue. On February 11—this weekend— George’s friends and supporters and ad-mirers will gather at the Alaska Avia-tion Museum to celebrate his life. It is really an appropriate place for George because he was a pilot, and once a pilot, always a pilot. He had 73 years of experience in the cockpit at age 94 when he last landed his Cessna on Deshka Lake to fish. I had an opportunity to speak with Pat before I came to the floor, and she is worried that the location they have chosen for the service will be too small because they anticipate that some 400 Alaskans will come to gather. She made the comment to me: At 96, you wouldn’t figure that there would be that many people at someone’s service. I reminded Pat that George was that person who touched so many people’s lives, whether as a pilot, a small busi-nessman, a community leader, or just the generous man with a good cup of coffee who would sit at the banquet table with you there at the Lucky Wishbone and just share a conversa-tion. He was a man of many talents with an extraordinary good heart and good will. On behalf of my Senate colleagues, I bid farewell to this outstanding Alas-kan. I extend my condolences to his family and to all of those whose life he enriched. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, all week I have been speaking about the impending deadline of tomorrow, the continuing resolution that we passed following the shutdown of the govern-ment over the DACA issue, and the im-portance of meeting that deadline. So you can imagine my pleasure at hear-ing the announcement this afternoon by the majority leader. His hard work leading to this critical funding nego-tiation has now produced an agreement that both sides should be able to get behind. One of the reasons these negotiations were so significant and why the an-nouncement today was such good news has to do with our military. I happened to have been raised in a military fam-ily. My dad served 31 years in the U.S. Air Force and was a B–17 pilot in World War II in the Army Air Corps. Those who have seen the old movies about the B–17, like ‘‘Memphis Belle’’ and others, realize what treacherous service that was during World War II. He was shot down on his 26th mission over Mannheim, Germany, and was captured as a prisoner of war for the last 4 months of World War II. But, thank goodness, the U.S. Army and General Patton came through Germany and liberated those POW camps at the end of World War II. My dad came home, built a family, and finished his career after 31 years in the military. So, as you might imagine, the men and women who serve in our military are near and dear to my heart. I recognize the importance of our support not only for the ones who wear the uniform but also the families. Of course, having an all-volunteer mili-tary means we have to provide support not just for the servicemembers but for the families as well. When our service-members enlist, they sign a contract and, basically, hand their lives over to us to be good stewards of their service and to be in a position of trust. To hold their budget hostage, which is what has happened until now, is to ask them to assume even greater risk in order to satisfy certain narrow polit-ical agendas. Given all that our men and women in uniform do for us—to keep us safe, to keep the world at peace as much as possible—it is not too much to call holding that funding hostage a disgrace. Our men and women in uniform can’t afford to be hamstrung, especially when we face new and evolving threats across the globe, but because of our in-ability to produce longer term cer-tainty, they were. That is, until now. The compromise we have reached will ensure both that our troops have what they deserve—in terms of train-ing, equipment, and readiness—and that our country has what it needs in order to achieve ‘‘peace through strength’’ across the globe. Since the Budget Control Act of 2011, we have kept discretionary spending, which includes defense spending, rel-atively flat. Unfortunately, the threats have done nothing but proliferate and increase, and we have seen a number of training accidents like the Fitzgerald and the J
OHNMCCAINwhere, literally, according to General Mattis, we have lost more servicemembers in accidents as a result of inadequate training and readiness than we have in hostile ac-tivities. That is just a shameful situa-tion. Of course, now we have acted to change it. Yesterday, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis testified before the House Armed Services Committee, and he wasted no time in telling us how ur-gent the situation was becoming. He said that, without a proper defense ap-propriations bill, the U.S. military lacks the most ‘‘fundamental congres-sional support.’’ As Secretary Mattis stated, the Trump administration’s new national defense strategy requires sustained, predictable appropriations in order to be carried out. I am con-fident that we are heading toward that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07FE6.024 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES684 February 7, 2018 
in light of this new agreement, but it took us an embarrassingly long time to get here, and that is regrettable, to say the least. I join the majority leader and our colleagues in strong support for our men and women in uniform and their families during this week of difficult and delicate negotiations, and I ask my other colleagues to vote to support this bipartisan legislation, to show their support for our military readiness, pro-curement, and testing—all of which are required to keep our forces the best trained, the best equipped, and the best prepared force on the planet. When we vote on this agreement, we can’t lose sight of other critically im-portant issues—issues that seem to fade from people’s memories; that is, something like disaster relief. I can’t adequately describe the outpouring of support we got from the President on down to neighbors helping neighbors following Hurricane Harvey and its devastating impact on my State. Cer-tainly, our hearts are with the people of the Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, and Florida as they have suffered from Hur-ricane Maria, as well as our friends and colleagues in the West, who have suf-fered as a result of the devastation caused by wildfires and mudslides and other hardships. The House passed an $81 billion relief package at the end of last year, and here we are; a couple of months later, we are actually acting on this disaster relief package. It is long overdue. I am pleased, though, to announce that the bill we will be voting on provides sig-nificant funding for disaster relief ef-forts around the country, and I applaud the House for taking the first step in December. I appreciate Governor Ab-bott of Texas, as well as the Senate Ap-propriations Committee, for working with us to help us strengthen the House bill. My fellow Texans who were hit by Hurricane Harvey last August have been waiting patiently, along with all the folks who faced the fury of Mother Nature in Florida, California, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands. It simply has been unacceptable to see the delay in getting the relief they need to them. Now we have the chance to stand up, fi-nally, in a bipartisan fashion and show not only that we remember what they have been through but also that more help is on the way. That is why I am urging all of my colleagues to support this agreement when we take it up. 
KARI’S LAW ACT  
Mr. President, the last issue I wish to address is a bill that I cosponsored called Kari’s Law. Two days ago we passed it in the Senate, and soon, I hope, the House will follow suit. It is imperative that we get this bill to the desk of the President for his final sig-nature soon so that it can become law. Kari’s Law amends the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to require multiline telephone systems, common in places like hotels and offices, to be equipped for emergency calls. Under the bill, the users of these phone systems will have the ability to dial 911 without first having to dial for an outside line. Why is this important? Let me tell you briefly the story of Kari Hunt Dunn of Marshall, TX. Kari was killed in her hotel room in Marshall, TX, in 2013. Kari’s then-9-year-old daughter was unable to reach emergency per-sonnel because she failed to dial 9 to get an outside line. She tried four times but was unable to connect, which meant no help ever came. With this simple change in the de-fault configuration of phone systems in offices and hotels, we can help folks reach the help they need in a crisis quickly, and we can save precious sec-onds that ultimately could save pre-cious lives. I am grateful to my colleague, the senior Senator from Minnesota, for working with us on this legislation, as well as my colleague Representative LOUIE GOHMERT , who carried the cor-responding bill in the House. I also want to thank Mr. Hank Hunt, Kari’s father, for his hard work in cham-pioning this bill and pushing so hard for this crucial change to become law. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. 
CONGRATULATING THE PHILADELPHIA EAGLES  
ON WINNING THE SUPER BOWL  
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I rise today to honor the Super Bowl cham-pions, the Philadelphia Eagles. Last Sunday night in Minneapolis, the Philadelphia Eagles defeated the vaunted New England Patriots by a score of 41 to 33 in one of the most amazing Super Bowls ever—one of the most amazing NFL games ever. It was really an extraordinary night. In so doing, the Eagles captured their first Super Bowl title ever and the fran-chise’s first national championship since 1960. The Eagles’ arguably improbable Super Bowl run came despite many se-rious injuries and a whole lot of doubt from naysayers and pundits and oddsmakers. The oddsmakers, by the way, had the Eagles as underdogs in every playoff game they played, but, of course, they won every one of them. It is a team led by Doug Pederson, a coach who, himself, entering the sea-son, was often doubted and sometimes dismissed by the punditry and the talk-ing heads. Not only did Coach Pederson make his critics look silly, but, in win-ning the Super Bowl, he beat a man who is arguably considered one of the best coaches in NFL history. Pederson did it by deploying one of the greatest offensive game plans I think the NFL has ever seen. The group of men who comprise the Eagles’ roster embody the city of Philadelphia. They are brash, gritty, and talented, with a never-say-die atti-tude. They are led by stalwarts like Malcolm Jenkins, Fletcher Cox, Carson Wentz, and Alshon Jeffery. The Eagles’ ‘‘next man up’’ mentality was incred-ible to witness. Think about what they had to over-come. Over the course of the regular season, the Eagles lost a Hall of Fame left tackle, their amazing middle line-backer, arguably the best pound-for- pound player in all of football, and they still steamrolled through to a 13- to-3 record in the regular season. For all of that, maybe the greatest example of the ‘‘next man up’’ men-tality in NFL history was the way that Nick Foles took over for Carson Wentz at quarterback when Wentz was lost to a serious injury late in the season. The fact is, Wentz was, I think, the leading candidate for the league’s MVP at the time of his injury. I think he still should be considered a leading can-didate for MVP for the season. The fact that Nick Foles was able to step in and guide the team not just into the play-offs, not just through the playoffs, but all the way to the Super Bowl and to a Super Bowl victory against the New England Patriots is what legends are made of. The Philadelphia Eagles are a his-toric franchise. Some of the best play-ers in the history of the game have worn the green and white. Names like Van Brocklin, Bednarik, White, and Dawkins come to mind. This Super Bowl is also for all of these great play-ers who put on the Eagles jersey over the years. I will conclude with this. If you lis-ten to sports radio in Philadelphia or most of Eastern Pennsylvania, you learn that the passion of the fan base is really extraordinary. This is because the Eagles, in many ways, are more than a football team to their fans. The Eagles are a part of Pennsylvania cul-ture. They are a part of the region’s culture. The mood of the region is af-fected every weekend that they are playing. Other cities have certainly celebrated Super Bowl victories in the past. Somebody gets to do that every year. But this Thursday afternoon in Philadelphia, get ready for a party like you have never seen because the most passionate fans in the country are fi-nally getting a parade down Broad Street with the Lombardi trophy. Go Birds. Fly, Eagles, fly. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I wish to address the Chamber on a topic that I have been speaking on once a week— or thereabouts—since we passed the historic tax reform late last year. Last Friday, I had the chance to visit JED Pool Tools/Northeastern Plastics in Scranton, PA. It is a company owned by Cindi and Alan Heyen and employs about 30 people. JED Pool Tools makes swimming pool accessories. They make the skimmers and water test kits and other devices that people use in their pools. Northeastern Plastics is the sis-ter company, and they make custom plastic products like locker handles, barber supplies, and all kinds of special order products. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07FE6.025 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S685 February 7, 2018 
This is a great example of tax reform in action, tax reform that is working for this small business and this em-ployer in Northeastern Pennsylvania. They, like other small businesses, get to discount by 20 percent their net in-come and pay tax only on the other 80 percent. That frees up cash flow for this business and businesses all across America to go out and purchase new equipment, invest in their employees, grow their business, hire more workers, raise wages. That is exactly what is happening. It is happening at JED Pools, but it is also happening across the country. In less than 2 months since our legis-lation passed, over 300 businesses em-ploying over 3 million workers have an-nounced bonuses, wage increases, ex-panded benefits, contributions to pen-sion plans, and increased investment in charitable contributions. The list goes on and on. These are the ones that cite tax reform as the reason they were able to do these things for their workers, for their business. In Pennsylvania alone, we have had some recent announcements. Thermo Fisher employs 2,600 people in Pennsyl-vania. It is a biotech development com-pany. They announced $50 million in additional investments, $34 million in the form of bonuses they are going to pay to each of the company’s 68,000 nonexecutive employees. They also an-nounced $16 million in additional re-search and development programs and support for STEM education. They cited that they are doing this as a di-rect result of the tax reform that was passed. Cigna is a big, global health service company. It has 5,900 employees in Pennsylvania. Again, citing our tax re-form, they have announced that they are going to increase the minimum wage they pay throughout the com-pany to $16 an hour. That will be the lowest wage anyone at an entry level, starting level, makes at Cigna. They are going to provide an additional $15 million in salary raises to people who are already working there. They are also going to put $30 million more into 401(k) savings programs that their em-ployees participate in—all attributable directly to tax reform. Take the case of UPS. UPS employ-ees 19,000 Pennsylvanians, and they an-nounced that due to the ‘‘favorable tax law impact’’—those are their words— they are committing an additional $7 billion in capital spending over 3 years to build and renovate facilities, to ac-quire new aircraft and ground fleet ve-hicles, to enhance their technical plat-forms. They announced that they are going to contribute an additional $5 billion to their employees’ pension plans as well. That comes to about $13,000 per participant. That is a tre-mendous amount of money for each of their employees. There are small companies that are sharing the benefits as well. Noah Bank in Elkins Park, PA, said that thanks to the passage of the new tax legislation, this Pennsylvania charter community bank is awarding $1,500 bo-nuses to all of its employees. We are seeing it up and down the country, certainly all across Pennsyl-vania—large firms, small firms, finan-cial firms, manufacturers—across the board. Workers are already benefiting from the tax reform that we passed in December. Another important indicator that the benefits are likely to grow is in the op-timism that workers and businesses have because of the environment they are operating in. It is a really impor-tant driver. UBS does research on investor and business optimism. It recently did a survey of business owners. It asked sev-eral questions. One of them was: Is your economic outlook positive? In the fourth quarter of last year, outlook was pretty positive as 65 percent said, yes, their outlook for the economy was positive. This year, it is up to 83 per-cent. It asked the question: Is the business outlook stronger now than it was in the past? In the fourth quarter of last year, 77 percent said, yes, it was stronger. In the first quarter of this year, 87 percent said, yes, the business outlook was stronger. It asked business owners about their plans for hiring and investing. Thirty- six percent plan to hire more workers, and forty-four percent plan to invest more. This is really important because it is optimism about the future that is a necessary precondition for more invest-ment. After all, that investment de-pends on a strong economy in going forward to make it worthwhile. That investment is reaching new highs be-cause of the combination of a lighter regulatory touch and much more pro- growth tax reform. I think it is also important to stress that this tax reform is not some kind of short-term sugar high of let’s throw money at people and then hope it goes well. It is not that at all. It is a set of different incentives that will lead to a structural change in the economy and, specifically, in a greater productive ca-pacity on the part of our economy by encouraging more investment, by low-ering the cost of making that invest-ment, by allowing businesses to retain more of their earnings so that they have more to invest. All of that ex-pands our economy and expands our productive capacity. It creates more of a demand for workers. More of a de-mand for workers puts upward pressure on workers’ wages. What did we see just last week? We saw a major—in fact, the largest increase in average workers’ wages that we have seen in many, many years. I am thrilled that our tax reform is having such a beneficial impact all across the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-vania and so quickly. I expected up-ward pressure on wages. I expected more job opportunities. I expected a higher standard of living. I didn’t quite expect it to happen this quickly, but I am thrilled that it has, and I am con-vinced that this is just the beginning. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). The Senator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I expect Senator R
UBIO to be joining me here on the floor as we talk about some of the legislative fixes to some of the prob-lems that have come about as a result of these devastating hurricanes. It has been 5 months since Hurricane Irma hit Florida, and it has been 4 months since Maria hit Puerto Rico. Irma hit Puerto Rico as well. Of course, before Florida’s Hurricane Irma, you had all of the problems with the flooding from another hurricane in Texas and then, later on, from the wildfires in California. So I am happy to finally say that we have a path for-ward now on a disaster aid bill for all of these natural disasters. I can’t count on the fingers of both hands how many times I have been out here. I could say the same of the let-ters written and the speeches that Sen-ator R
UBIO and I have both given to-gether about this disaster aid and the need for it. Finally, we are seeing some light at the end of the tunnel in that there is a good possibility this is going to happen in the Senate within the next 2 days. The problem is that, in Puerto Rico, American citizens have been living without power, and schools and busi-nesses are closed. The Federal Govern-ment has been dragging its feet to help them. People have been waiting, and they have been suffering. Right now, over one-third of the people in Puerto Rico are closing in on 5 months after the hurricane and are without elec-tricity. Potable water is still a problem in Puerto Rico. Can you imagine in any other main-land State, nearly 5 months after a hurricane, one-third of its people not having electricity restored? I mean, there would be such outrage and dem-onstration. This is what is going on in Puerto Rico. Finally, I think we are able to see in this disaster bill some as-sistance to the island, as well as to the Virgin Islands, and especially to our State of Florida, which was hit so hard. I will outline some of this and tell Senator R
UBIO that I have been talking about all of the things that we have done together ad infinitum in trying to get this disaster aid package finally to the point at which we can say we are so thankful we see a path forward. We have discussed over and over with Sen-ate leadership Florida’s agriculture in-dustry, which needs help. Our schools need additional funding to deal with the influx of students from Puerto Rico into Florida. Our critical infrastruc-ture, such as the Lake Okeechobee dike, needs funding to withstand a fu-ture storm. The agriculture industry in our State sustained significant damage after Irma. Citrus growers have suffered ap-proximately $760 million of loss. Why? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07FE6.027 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES686 February 7, 2018 
Because, right after the hurricane, half the crop of the citrus grove in central Florida that Senator R
UBIO and I vis-ited was on the ground. If you go fur-ther south in Florida, there are groves where, actually, 100 percent of the or-anges have ended up on the ground be-cause of the ferocity of the wind. That crop was a total loss, and the wind was so severe there that it uprooted some of the trees. The loss was crippling to the industry. Of course, this is an industry that has been battling to keep its lifeblood flowing because it has been battling this bacteria called greening, which will kill a tree in 5 years. We have an-other program going on by the Citrus Research & Development Foundation that is trying to find the magic cure. In the meantime, they have found some way to keep the trees and some dif-ferent varieties of trees living longer than the 5 years, but we have to ad-dress the problem right now. If the poor citrus growers didn’t have enough trouble with all of the citrus canker from years earlier, they are now producing 46 million boxes a year. By the way, 10 years ago, that used to be in excess of 200 million boxes a year of citrus harvest. The funding in this disaster bill will be essential in helping the citrus industry to recover. Additionally, Senator R
UBIO and I, many times before, have called for Florida school funding in the aftermaths of Irma and Maria. We now know that, as of today, about 12,000 students who evacuated to Florida are enrolled from Puerto Rico. Others from the Virgin Islands have enrolled in Florida’s schools. Every child has a right to a quality education, but that can’t happen without the appropriate resources. The schools need help. No child should have their education hin-dered by a natural disaster. This dis-aster aid bill is going to be crucial for schools’ funding in order for them to do their best in ensuring that those stu-dents receive the educations they de-serve. This deal also includes $15 billion for the Army Corps of Engineers. It is for mitigation and resiliency projects. Likewise, the two Senators from Flor-ida have been working to ensure that some of those funds are used to expe-dite the construction of the Lake Okee-chobee dike. It is a critical public safe-ty project, and it should be completed as quickly as possible. We want to see its completion accelerated by 3 years, from 2025 to 2022. If the Army Corps of Engineers will take $200 million a year out of these additional resources for the next several years, it will speed up the construction of that dike. We are going to be continuing to have sessions with the Army Corps of Engineers to try to accomplish just that. There is a long list—an exhaustive list—of Florida’s needs after the hurri-cane, and as we see so many of our fel-low U.S. citizens in Puerto Rico, you just can’t keep treating U.S. citizens like this. Hopefully, this is going to speed up the recovery efforts. That is why, when the news broke last week that FEMA reportedly planned to end— get this—its distributing of food and water, there was, obviously, outrage, and there was outrage by the two Sen-ators here. We appreciate FEMA mak-ing clear the next day that it would continue to provide aid to the people, which includes that food and water. We have discussed with the Senate leader-ship what is essential in this disaster aid bill, and it is an important step in the recovery of the people of Florida and Puerto Rico. There is another thing that I have to mention. Can you believe that the Med-icaid money that was given to Puerto Rico in a lump sum, called a block grant, is going to end? It is going to run out next month. Yet, with the $4.8 billion in supplemental for Puerto Rico’s Medicaid Program, along with the 100-percent Federal match for 2 years, we can guarantee that 1 million of our fellow U.S. citizens on the island will not be denied healthcare coverage when they need it the most. Otherwise, it is going to run out next month. It is long overdue. We can finally provide some much needed relief for disaster affected areas. So, please, let’s pass this aid bill this week and let’s send it to the President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I want to add to Senator N
ELSON ’s comments. First, let me just say, in a time when there is a lot of noise and news about the divisions in American politics, de-spite differences of opinion on issues, this is what I believe the people of Florida want us to do; that is, to come here and work together on the issues we can work together on. I must say, the ability to work with Senator N
EL-
SON on this has been invaluable, to have two different Senators from two different parties singing from the same song sheet about the priorities that are critical to our State. What is unique about this storm and disaster relief is, the impact wasn’t just on Florida, it was also the impact on Puerto Rico. When the House passed its relief package at the end of December, it had a lot of good things in it. The President came out with his proposal, and it had some good things, but it needed work. The House took it, and the House added a few things to it. Over the last 2 months, we have had the ability to work in the Senate, not in front of the cameras and not, obvi-ously, through a series of press con-ferences, but in the way legislation is put together. The way we worked to-gether and our offices worked together, we were able to come out with a con-cise, unified position on the needs of both Florida and Puerto Rico, working with the leadership of the Democratic Party on his side and the Republican Party on ours. I have to tell you, in a place where it is very hard to get 60 percent of what you want—and that is a win—when you start to go through some of the items that are going to be in this relief pack-age, it would be hard to complain. With perhaps a small exception here or there, virtually all of the things that are critical for disaster relief for Florida—and to a large extent as well for Puerto Rico—are going to be in-cluded. I think, while a lot of us are very concerned about how long it took—we should have done this 4 weeks ago or 3 weeks ago—there are other reasons why it was held up. It wasn’t disaster relief that was holding it up, it was the other issues at play that were holding it up. In fact, this was being held until the other things were agreed upon. Now we are able to move forward. I have to state that while no one wants to have a hurricane and no one wants to have a natural disaster, this is a re-sponse we should be happy about. I think it is a testament to the sorts of things we can achieve in the Senate when we can put aside our differences on other issues and work together on this. By the way, I want to state, because I don’t want anyone to read into what I said about big differences, that al-though we may vote differently on a lot of issues, Senator NELSON and I have cooperated on a host of things, from judges to anything that impacts Florida. I hope we can get to doing that more as a Senate, not just for us in Florida. Maybe Senator N
ELSON and I are just always in a good mood be-cause it doesn’t snow in Florida, and it is warm when everybody else is cold, but I think the people of Florida should be pleased with our ability to work to-gether. Some highlights, and Senator N
EL-
SONtouched on a lot of them. I will start on the Puerto Rico part because it is the one we still see the impact of on a regular basis. Let me just, as an aside, say that J
ENNIFFER GONZA´LEZ, the Resident Commissioner, who is basically the Member of Congress representing Puer-to Rico in the House, is an extraor-dinary advocate for Puerto Rico—not a good one, not a great one, an extraor-dinary one. She is tireless, nonstop. I am talking about Sunday evenings, Sunday nights, early Monday morning, she is constantly working. She is an in-credible partner in this endeavor, and the things she has been able to achieve—because even when we had agreement on many items in the Sen-ate, we had to go to J
ENNIFFER for her help to make sure the leadership in the House would be on board. The respect that House leadership has for her was instrumental. In the end, the way this is now lined up, no matter what we agreed to here, if we send it over there, and they don’t want it, we couldn’t do it. Her ability to get the House to go along with these changes is invaluable, and I just need to say that publicly. So much of this is due directly to her. She is the voice of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07FE6.028 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S687 February 7, 2018 
Puerto Rico in Washington. To the ex-tent these things are happening above and beyond what would have already happened, it is, in large respect, due to having her here. She is just phe-nomenal, and the ability to work with her has made this possible. Senator N
ELSON talked about the Medicaid cliff Puerto Rico faces. Last year, we were able to fill that gap for 1 year. This measure does it for 2 years, at 100 percent—called FMAP. Now, for the next 2 years, Puerto Rico doesn’t have to worry about that. They can focus on other issues. There is money in disaster relief to repair infrastructure and money to re-pair hospitals and community health centers. There is $75 million for dis-placed college students who had to leave their school in Puerto Rico or in the Virgin Islands, for that matter. There is $11 billion for CDBG–DR funds, which will go directly to Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, including $2 bil-lion for repairing the electrical grid. There is $45 million to restore the Cus-toms House in San Juan. There is money for Job Corps centers to help re-train and get people going again, to get employment functioning. There is money for Coast Guard re-pairs. The U.S. border in the Caribbean is Puerto Rico, so we have the Coast Guard there not only to respond to dis-asters at sea but to be able to enforce law and prevent drug smuggling. If someone smuggles drugs into Puerto Rico, you are in the United States. There is no Customs from that point forward. It is so critical. There is also help to repair clinics that were serving women, infants, and children; HHS funding; transportation funding, particularly improvements to the FAA and the facilities at the air-port and the Federal highways. Every-thing that is important is in there. There is more to do. Next week, we will have a new initiative—and I am not prepared to discuss it yet—in addi-tion, that is separate from disaster re-lief, to help Puerto Rico not just to re-cover from the storm but to set itself up for long-term success, and I look forward to unveiling that next week. For the time being, this is perhaps the first good news the people from Puerto Rico have gotten from Wash-ington since the storm hit, and I just want to say it is due to the partnership of Senator N
ELSON and myself but also frankly the extraordinary assistance of the leadership of my party in the Sen-ate, Senator M
CCONNELL , the Appro-priations staff, and Members on both sides of the aisle who have all, from the very beginning, expressed a willingness to be helpful. We don’t often come to the floor to talk about the good news of our process, but we couldn’t be more pleased. Senator N
ELSON talked about the im-pact on Florida. We will rapidly go through some of those. We have come to the floor multiple times to talk about the need to help the Florida citrus industry, Florida’s signature crop. This has the money to do so. This will be an incredibly large effort for the Secretary of Agriculture to administer this, but I know I speak for Florida’s growers when I say this is important work. Feeding our Nation is important work, and I stand com-mitted to working with the Secretary and with our commissioner of agri-culture, Adam Putnam, who is aware of this and has been instrumental in put-ting together this package—really im-portant. There is important funding for the Emergency Watershed Protection Pro-gram, Emergency Conservation Pro-gram, rural development water and wastewater grants, Emergency Food Assistance Program, funding to repair the Agricultural Research Service fa-cilities. There are four of these dam-aged in Florida. Those are the facilities that are going to innovate the cures we need to save Florida citrus in the long term. There is money for education, par-ticularly educational infrastructure re-pairs to help displaced students and to hire new teachers. This is especially important. We have now seen thou-sands of U.S. citizen students who have come from Puerto Rico to Florida to get their education. There is money to help higher education facilities, to re-build facilities that were damaged in the storm. There is money to help dis-placed higher education students. There is $35 million for Project SERV, which are education-related ex-penses for local education agencies and higher education institutions to help them recover from violent or trau-matic events. There is $25 million to assist homeless students, and $650 mil-lion for Head Start. I will note there are 45 damaged Head Start facilities in Florida. There is relief for the community block grant funding to the tune of $28 billion, of which $16 billion will be di-rected for unmet needs and $12 billion for mitigation to prevent the loss of these facilities in the future. The list goes on. There is more. We will be putting out even more details. The Army Corps has a lot of important projects in Florida, but there is one in particular that if we go through it, there is over $600 million for repairs to the operations and maintenance funds, $810 million in flood control and coast-al emergencies funding. We had Everglades restoration projects going on in Florida that were damaged by the storm, including these large retaining ponds which are basi-cally lakes—enormous bodies of water that are used to clean out phosphates. Some were overrun and flood-damaged. This helps. In addition, there is funding to expe-dite the completion of the Herbert Hoo-ver Dike, which is critically important to the people living in the Glades com-munities just south of Lake Okee-chobee. This expedites that. This wasn’t part of the budget in the begin-ning. This is a project that has already been authorized, but the ability to move that forward is critical because it will help free up funds and time for all the other important projects in regard to restoring the Everglades and pre-venting the overflow of Lake Okee-chobee, which could kill people. There is one project in particular, the ‘‘South Atlantic Coastal Study.’’ It is a Federal project that looks at vul-nerabilities of coastal areas to sea level rise and things of that nature. That is going to be a part of this be-cause ongoing in the future we will continue to see the threat posed by storm surge and the like, and there is language in there modeled after a bill I filed that gives the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response direct hiring authority to ensure that HHS has the necessary emergency medical personnel to respond to another nat-ural disaster because the hurricane season is about 5 months away. There is $60 million for community health center repairs. There are about 28 in Florida and nearly 100 in Puerto Rico, and $50 million for NIH for spe-cific grants and infrastructure repairs. Within the topline numbers for FEMA in this, there will be a total of $33 bil-lion for Stafford reimbursable costs, and we are involved in ongoing discus-sions with the administration, which is responsible for directly coordinating with the Governors in the States in re-gard to this, but this should be more than enough to pay the unmet costs for hospital repairs, medical services, et cetera. A couple more points. We have a massive debris problem, particularly in Monroe County. These canals in the Florida Keys have refrigerators, lawn furniture, sunken boats, and this has money in there to help clean that up. Local governments ran out of money, and they can’t do it. This repairs Coast Guard facilities that were damaged by the storms. There are funds in the amount of $1.65 billion for Small Business Admin-istration loans. The National Park Service—I recently toured the Ever-glades with Secretary Zinke—this has $207.6 million for construction that will include repairs to the destroyed facili-ties of the National Park Service. Funding under the Department of Transportation will include $140 mil-lion for Florida. That includes $8 mil-lion for FAA facilities, $100 million just for Florida’s Federal Highway Admin-istration, $27 million for Florida’s Transit Administration. Finally, under FEMA, the Disaster Relief Fund is fully funded to meet the unmet needs. This money will ensure that FEMA has the resources needed to assist disaster survivors as well as to repair and re-store damaged infrastructure in Flor-ida and in Puerto Rico. I hope we can get support for this. I saw the Senator from Texas here a few moments ago. I imagine he may speak to this at some point. Texas also suf-fered terribly. The Virgin Islands suf-fered. California had the fires. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07FE6.029 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES688 February 7, 2018 
I would state, it took longer than we wanted to, but I think the people of Florida should be very pleased with the disaster relief package the Senate is about to present and hopefully will pass and pass in the House. This is good news. I was grateful to be a part of it. I thank my staff. They worked in-credibly hard to help advance this. We have been waiting for this day. We are excited this day is finally here. It makes our service here really meaning-ful when we can take our actions and turn them into progress and results. This is one of the reasons I ran for re-election, when at one point I didn’t think I would. It was to come back and make a difference. Today, I know working with so many others, includ-ing J
ENNIFFER GONZA´LEZin the House and Senator N
ELSON and our leadership in the Senate, we are about to make a real difference. It makes our time here rewarding. I am excited to have been a part of it, and I am looking forward to doing more. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session for the consideration of the following nomina-tion: Executive Calendar No. 387. I ask consent that the Senate vote on the nomination with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further mo-tions be in order; and that any state-ments relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Texas. Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I thank my friend from Iowa for his continued efforts both on behalf of Mr. Northey and working to find a commonsense solu-tion to the issue that has thus far de-layed Northey’s confirmation. The phrase ‘‘my friend’’ is used often in this body. Sometimes it is used in a hollow manner, but in this instance, Senator G
RASSLEY is my friend. He and I have worked together closely on a great many matters, especially on the Judiciary Committee, and I have every confidence that we will continue to work together closely for many years to come. On this issue, Mr. Northey could have been confirmed in November. He could have been confirmed in January. He could have been confirmed this month. But that has not happened yet. It is my hope that Mr. Northey will be con-firmed. It is my hope that he will be confirmed swiftly and expeditiously, but the critical element for that to happen is for us to find a solution to a problem that is threatening tens of thousands of jobs across this country. That problem arises from what is known as the Renewable Fuel Stand-ard. The Renewable Fuel Standard estab-lished through the EPA is a system called RINs. Now, most people don’t know what a RIN is. A RIN is a renew-able identification number. It was something made up by the EPA. It didn’t used to exist. They created RINs, and they sell RINs to refineries. RINs are designed to be an enforcement mechanism for the Renewable Fuel Standard, but there is a problem. When they were first introduced, RINs sold for a penny or two pennies each. The EPA assured everyone they would con-tinue to sell for 1 cent or 2 cents each, but since then, we have seen the mar-ket for RINs break. RINs have sky-rocketed in price to as high as $1.40 each. What does that mean? What does it mean for this fiat, governmentally created, artificial license to be selling at $1.40 a piece, which they hit at their high point? Well, it means thousands upon thousands of blue-collar union jobs are at risk. This is not a hypothetical threat. Just last month, Philadelphia Energy Solutions, owner of the largest refinery on the east coast, announced that it was going into bankruptcy, and they pointed the finger squarely at the bro-ken RIN system. In their bankruptcy filing, they explained that ‘‘the effect of the RFS Program on the Debtors’ business is the primary driver behind the Debtors’ decision to seek relief under the Bankruptcy Code.’’ That is not a surprising statement given what has happened in the artifi-cial and broken RINs market. In 2012, Philadelphia Energy Solutions paid roughly $10 million for the RINs for the licenses they needed to run their com-pany. By 2017, the Wall Street Journal was estimating that they would pay $300 million—that is $10 million to $300 million. Mr. President, $300 million is more than double their total payroll. You have spent many years in business. Can you imagine running a business where you spend more than double your pay-roll to write a check—not to buy any-thing, not to pay anybody, not to buy any supplies, but simply to purchase a government license, so to speak? That is crushing, and it is destroying jobs. With respect to Philadelphia Energy Solutions, now in bankruptcy, we are talking about 1,100 jobs. These are blue-collar, working class jobs, the kind that are the backbone of our econ-omy, the kind that keep refineries going. Ryan O’Callaghan, who heads the Steelworkers local that represents 650 refinery workers, said that the RFS is ‘‘a lead weight around the company.’’ He also said that a great many of the union members supported President Trump in the 2016 election because of his promise to reform harmful regula-tions. Indeed, the president of that union demonstrated great courage in supporting President Trump because he believed the President and the admin-istration would stand for working-class voters, would stand for the working man, and would pull back regulations that are killing jobs. The American people will be right-fully angry if we don’t fix this problem because it is not just one refinery. Na-tionwide, experts have estimated that anywhere from 75,000 to 150,000 Amer-ican jobs are potentially at risk if U.S. independent refineries go out of busi-ness—75,000 to 150,000 jobs. My own State of Texas will be deeply affected if we don’t take action imme-diately. Texas’s oil and gas sector em-ploys 315,000 people, 100,000 of whom are in refining and petrochemical produc-tion. We have 29 refineries that produce over 5.1 million barrels daily, and 22 of these 29 refineries are hurt directly by the artificially high RINs prices. That is why this past December, Texas Gov-ernor Greg Abbott wrote to the EPA asking for relief from this Federal mandate. He explained that ‘‘current implementation of this dated federal mandate severely impacts Texas’ oth-erwise strong economy and jeopardizes the employment of hundreds of thou-sands of Texans.’’ Mr. President, let me underscore that. It ‘‘jeopardizes the employment of hundreds of thousands of Texans.’’ If you want to know why I am fight-ing so hard to reach a good solution, you need look no further than that statement. I am elected, like each of the Members of this body, to represent my constituents—in this case, 28 mil-lion Texans—and seeing hundreds of thousands of blue-collar workers driven out of business because of a broken reg-ulatory system makes no sense. Well, perhaps one might think this is simply an instance of parochial dif-ferences, of the battles between one State and another or one industry and another. Well, that is not the case be-cause, on substance, there is a win-win solution here. I want a win for blue-col-lar refinery workers, and I want a win for Iowa corn farmers. I believe there is a win for both. I believe there is a pol-icy solution that will result in Iowa corn farmers selling more corn and also more blue-collar jobs. That should be a solution that makes everybody happy. However, there is a third player in this equation which consists of Wall Street speculators who are betting on this artificial, government-created market and driving up the prices. The important thing to realize is that when I talk about Philadelphia Energy Solutions paying $300 million, that $300 million did not go to Iowa farmers. It didn’t go to ethanol pro-ducers. It went to speculators and large companies outside of Iowa. We can reach a solution that ends the specu-lating, ends the gamesmanship in this artificial government market, and saves jobs. With respect to Mr. Northey, I will say that I don’t know Mr. Northey per-sonally, but I have heard from a num-ber of people who do. By all accounts, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07FE6.030 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S689 February 7, 2018 
Mr. Northey has a good and strong rep-utation in the State of Iowa. He is a fourth-generation farmer. He has im-pressed many people with the job he has done as the secretary of agricul-tural in the State of Iowa. I made clear from the beginning that I would have been happy to have seen Mr. Northey confirmed in November, in December, in January, in February, and indeed I have laid out how to make that hap-pen. On November 14, 2017, I wrote a letter to Iowa Governor Kim Reynolds laying out how Mr. Northey could be con-firmed, which is namely to have the stakeholders sit down collaboratively together and solve this problem in a win-win solution that helps Iowa corn farmers and also doesn’t bankrupt re-fineries and drive blue-collar workers out of business. Indeed, in December, I met with both of the Senators from Iowa, along with Senator T
OOMEY , to discuss exactly how we could move forward with Mr. Northey’s confirmation promptly, effi-ciently, and also solve this problem. At that time, it was suggested that we bring the stakeholders together, that we actually have the players in the ethanol industry actually talk with the refiners and find a solution that results in more corn being sold and refiners not going out of business. We left that meeting on December 21 with a plan to have that meeting of stakeholders. Well, I am sorry to tell you that 48 days have passed, and that meeting still hasn’t taken place because unfor-tunately a handful of lobbyists rep-resenting the ethanol industry have taken the position that they are un-willing to meet, they are unwilling to speak, they are unwilling to discuss anything with anybody, and appar-ently, if thousands of people lose their jobs in refineries, that is not their problem. Quite frankly, that is not a reasonable position. That is not a rea-sonable or rational position. Mr. Northey would have been con-firmed long ago had the lobbyists for the ethanol industry been willing to come to the table and reach a common-sense solution that would have resulted in more money for their industry, more ethanol, more corn. But their position is that they are not interested in a win, because their position has been that they are not willing to talk. Well, I think that is unfortunate, but it is also unacceptable. So indeed I continue to have produc-tive conversations with the President, with the EPA, with the Department of Agriculture, with the administration about finding a win-win solution, a so-lution that is good for everyone. And if a handful of lobbyists refuse to come to the table, then they should not be sur-prised to see the solution proceed with-out them. We can find a good, positive solution that benefits the farmers of Iowa, that sells more corn. In 2015 and 2016, I spent a lot of time in the great State of Iowa. Indeed, I had the great privilege and blessing of completing what is affec-tionately known in that State as the Full Grassley. Now, what is the Full Grassley? There are 99 counties in that beautiful State, and every year, the senior Senator goes to all 99. Now, I can tell you that the Full Grassley is a Herculean accomplishment, rendered all the more remarkable by the fact that the senior Senator does it not once but every year. Well, on election day, I completed the Full Grassley, having visited every county in the State of Iowa. I visited with many won-derful people, including many wonder-ful corn farmers whom I want to see selling more and more corn. We can have a solution that is a win for those corn farmers but also doesn’t bankrupt refineries and drive a bunch of blue- collar workers out of work. It is important to understand, by the way, that these high RINs prices don’t benefit corn farmers at all. In fact, if you look at RINs prices, they are not remotely correlated to the price of corn; if anything, they are inversely correlated. What does that mean? It means that when RINs were selling for 1 cent and 2 cents each, corn was way up here, and when RINs skyrocketed to $1.40 each, the price of corn plum-meted. So not only is this not bene-fiting Iowa corn farmers, you could argue that it may even be hurting them. The money that is bankrupting refin-eries and costing people their jobs is not going to the farmers. So my hope is that we reach a solution that lifts reg-ulatory barriers at the EPA so that the Iowa corn farmers can sell more corn in the market in response to real de-mand, not a government mandate, but there are EPA barriers that stand in the way that cap the sales of ethanol. I see no reason to artificially cap it. If there is demand in the marketplace, they should be able to sell more and more and more corn, expand their mar-ket. But they are not benefiting from crushing regulatory costs that are driving people out of business. We can reach a solution to do both. With respect to Mr. Northey, if and when we see the players come together in a positive way to solve this problem, I will more than readily lift my objec-tion, and I hope Mr. Northey is con-firmed and confirmed quickly. I look forward to working with Mr. Northey in the Department of Agri-culture, but first, we need to stop this regulatory failure that is threatening thousands, if not hundreds of thou-sands, of jobs. Therefore, looking to find a coopera-tive win-win solution for everyone, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Mr. GRASSLEY. Did the Senator make his formal objection? Mr. CRUZ. Yes. Mr. GRASSLEY. Thank you. Normally, I would speak right after the Senator from Texas, but I am going to call on three of my colleagues who are here to speak because I have more time than they have. I know the Sen-ator from Texas has to go. He accu-rately did describe our relationship, generally, in this body as Senators from Iowa and from Texas. I want to let everybody know that we have that good relationship. We sure disagree on this issue. I am sorry we do. With that said, I am going to defer to the Senator from Michigan. I want to say that she is the ranking member of the Agriculture Committee and represents the farmers of Michigan very well, but also, in her leadership position as former chairman of the Ag-riculture Committee and now the rank-ing member, she has done a great job of leadership in the area of agriculture. Would the Senator proceed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Thank you very much for those kind words from the senior Senator from Iowa. We have partnered on many things together re-lated to agriculture. I rise today to support Senator G
RASSLEY and Senator E RNST in this motion. We need to fill this position with an eminently qualified person, Bill Northey, right away. It is long overdue. As the ranking member of the Senate Agriculture Committee, I am in strong support of the nomination of Bill Northey to be Under Secretary of Agri-culture for Farm and Foreign Agricul-tural Services. Despite historic delays in receiving nominations from the administration, our committee has worked swiftly on a bipartisan basis to put qualified leaders into place at the USDA. When we get qualified nominees, we move them, and Under Secretary nominee Bill Northey is no exception. In fact, I believe that he is a bright star in terms of the nominees and those that will be serv-ing in the USDA. He was nominated in September of last year. Our committee quickly held a hearing and reported his nomination with unanimous bipartisan support to the floor on October 19. Mr. Northey is a highly qualified nominee. He is currently serving his third term as secretary of the Iowa De-partment of Agriculture and Land Stewardship. A farmer himself, he un-derstands what American agriculture needs, and has pledged to be a strong leader for our producers. I have con-fidence in him. Unfortunately, instead of serving our farmers and ranchers at USDA, his nomination has languished in partisan limbo because of an unrelated issue raised by a Senate Republican col-league not on the Agriculture Com-mittee. I appreciate Members have various kinds of concerns, but it is important to note that Mr. Northey’s leadership is needed now on a number of issues, including the fact that he would be in charge of disaster recovery for our farmers in Texas, Florida, and Lou-isiana, and all across the country, who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07FE6.033 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES690 February 7, 2018 
are serving in the aftermath of hurri-canes, wildfires, and drought. It is also important for him to be at the USDA to support our farmers struggling with low prices. For the bet-ter part of a year, I have been working with the leaders of the Appropriations Committee, Senator C
OCHRAN and Sen-ator L
EAHY , to fix a few pieces of the 2014 farm bill that didn’t quite work as we intended them—the dairy and cot-ton safety net provisions. I do want to indicate, while I am on the floor, that the Senate budget agreement contains significant im-provements for both commodities, in-cluding more than $1 billion in support for our struggling dairy farmers. These much needed improvements set us up to continue our bipartisan work to write the next farm bill that needs to be done this year. I look forward to working with our chairman, Senator R
OBERTS , as well as our two distin-guished Members from Iowa, on cre-ating the kind of farm bill that we need for our farmers and ranchers and fami-lies. Unfortunately, though, when politics get in the way, our farmers and our ranchers lose. So I am hopeful that we can resolve whatever issues or at least move them to a different debate, rather than focusing them on this nominee who is very much needed. His leader-ship is needed right now at the USDA. He has strong bipartisan support. I think it is very unfortunate that his nomination has gotten caught up in another issue. I am hopeful that we could ask our Senate colleague to choose to address that in another way without getting in the way of critical leadership on disaster assistance and conservation and critical issues on which the USDA needs to have his leadership. Mr. Northey has strong, bipartisan support and should be advanced quick-ly. We need his leadership skills. I am going to continue to do everything I can to work with my colleagues to be able to make sure he has the oppor-tunity to serve farmers and ranchers as part of the USDA leadership. Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I would like to thank the ranking member of the Agriculture Committee for joining us here on the floor today. I appreciate her great bipartisan work on the Agri-culture Committee. I am pleased to be a member of that committee. It is truly one of those committees where we set aside any po-litical differences. We actually work for the good of our Agricultural Com-mittee, our ranchers, and our farmers, regardless of the State they come from. We truly do work together to feed and fuel a nation. Thank you very much for joining us today, I say to the ranking member. I wish to thank my senior Senator from Iowa, as well. I am rising today to join my col-league Senator C
HUCK GRASSLEY and others who have joined us on the floor to support the nomination of Bill Northey as Under Secretary for Farm Production and Conservation at the U.S. Department of Agriculture, or the USDA. I have known Bill Northey for nearly a decade and, to be honest, probably a little more than a decade. He is a great friend. He is a great Iowan. Most im-portantly, he is a tenacious advocate and a true voice for agriculture and our rural communities. He has worked in agricultural policy at nearly every level of government. At a time when we need to tackle many critical agricultural priorities, including the farm bill, which the ranking member just mentioned—that farm bill was last authorized 2 years ago, in late 2014—at a time when the President is rightly focusing on eco-nomic development and strengthening rural America, and at a time when our government is focused on streamlining and reducing the burdens of environ-mental regulations, we must have lead-ership in this position—as I mentioned, the Under Secretary for Farm Produc-tion and Conservation at USDA. We must have leadership there that truly gets the real underlying concerns and priorities of America’s farmers and ranchers. We need them addressed. Bill Northey is exactly the person to do that. When I think about the importance of getting someone like Bill Northey in this position, I reflect on the young farmer who is looking to begin a farm-ing operation in rural Iowa to feed his or her family, grow a business, and cul-tivate a legacy in their own commu-nity, all while low commodity prices have pinched margins and extreme weather has decimated our crops. That young farmer needs Washington to get out of the way and give them an oppor-tunity to thrive. Bill Northey is the right guy to work these issues. He knows his role in Washington will not be to empower a faceless bureaucracy but to make Washington work for its people and give the agriculture industry the tools it needs to prosper. Bill Northey is that average, everyday Iowan who cares about agriculture and its future. Senate Agriculture Committee Chairman ROBERTS and Ranking Mem-ber S
TABENOW have made it abundantly clear that they have no objection to Mr. Northey, as both indicated in a joint statement that said in part: ‘‘Bill Northey is a qualified and respected public servant who knows agriculture firsthand, and he will serve rural America well at USDA.’’ The ranking member joined us ear-lier, and she went a step further by saying to Bill: 
I know that you are a farmer. You under-stand these challenges, and know that our farmers need leaders that will speak up for them when their voices are not being heard. 
He was voted out of the Ag Com-mittee unanimously. Let me state that again. He was voted out of the Ag Com-mittee unanimously. If you didn’t hear that, let me say it a third time. He was voted out of the Ag Committee unani-mously. Democrats and Republicans believe that Bill Northey is a leader, and he is being held hostage over an unrelated issue. Bill Northey’s nomination has become entangled in an unrelated pol-icy dispute. I am very disappointed. Bill Northey is an upstanding man, someone we desperately need to serve in our government. We truly want to drain the swamp. Bill Northey is ex-actly who we need. He is that everyday American fighting for agriculture. We need him desperately. We may not be able to have him serve in our govern-ment because this policy dispute has led to a hold on his nomination. Bill Northey is extremely qualified. He has the experience and the reputa-tion. Most importantly, he has the voice and the heart for American agri-culture. I am asking for a quick vote and confirmation of this well-re-spected, beloved Iowan so that we can get him in place and work on matters that truly are important not just to Iowans and the Midwest but to all of America. Let’s free Bill. Let’s free Bill, folks. Let’s confirm Bill Northey. Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. LEE). The Senator from Minnesota. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I appreciate the remarks of my col-leagues Senator E
RNST , Ranking Mem-ber S
TABENOW , and, of course, Senator G
RASSLEY . Senators G RASSLEY and E
RNST have been such leaders on ag issues in their State. I come to join Senator G
RASSLEY , not only from the other side of the aisle but also, as far as Iowa and Minnesota are concerned, across the border. Our States have rivalries in football and many other things, but one thing we always agree on is having strong people to be the voice of agriculture at the USDA. I supported Secretary Perdue when President Trump nominated him, and I believe he needs a team to be able to do the complicated work of agriculture. At a time when we have seen difficulty in everything from the dairy industry to cotton, to issues with prices for so many of our commodities, to just only a few years ago the avian flu that was such a threat to the poultry industry in Minnesota and Iowa, the thought that we wouldn’t have an Under Sec-retary in place for farm production and conservation—such an important part of the work of the USDA right now—is just unbelievable to me. As the nominee for Under Secretary in this area, Mr. Northey would be tasked with guiding some of the USDA’s most important agencies that interact with farmers and ranchers on a daily basis, including the Farm Serv-ice Agency—which is so important to my farmers when they have questions about how they are supposed to sign up for things and complex programs; they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07FE6.034 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S691 February 7, 2018 
are small farmers trying to do their job, and they need that Farm Service Agency—the Natural Resources Con-servation Service, and the Risk Man-agement Agency. As we prepare to write and pass a bi-partisan farm bill, Mr. Northey’s tech-nical and legal assistance from the USDA is going to be critical. The ab-sence of an Under Secretary for this critical mission area also has a domino effect that is leaving important USDA agencies without leadership and with-out guidance. This is not good govern-ance. Secretary Perdue picked him because he was someone who had served as a State agriculture commissioner. As Senator E
RNST has pointed out, he is not someone who has lived inside the beltway his whole life. This is someone who knows a State that has a lot of ag. When he came before the Senate Ag-riculture Committee last October, I had the opportunity to question him about his priorities for the USDA. He has spent his entire life in agriculture. He knows farmers, he knows rural economy, and he knows what is needed. I appreciated the fact that he hon-estly answered questions about the re-newable fuel standard. He sees it, as I do in Minnesota, as a homegrown eco-nomic generator. We are a State that is right next door to North Dakota. We appreciate their ethanol and their oil industries. These are part and parcel of Minnesota and our country’s energy. That being said, we see biofuel as an economic gener-ator. We want to make sure we are keeping strong industries alive so the farmers and the workers of the Mid-west are taking part in energy just as much as the oil industries in the Mid-east. The final rule for 2018 and 2019 that went through two administrations kept volume requirements for ethanol steady and made some improvement in blend targets of advanced biofuels. The final rule was a declarative statement by the administration that renewable fuels are simply an important part of our transportation fuel supply and an important part of our economy, but that is not what this is about. Our friend from Texas, Senator C
RUZ, has decided to hold up the nomination of someone who has done nothing but serve our country and serve the State of Iowa as the agriculture secretary there—the agriculture commissioner— with merit. I don’t believe we should be holding nominees hostage. It is not something I have done as a Senator. Senator C
RUZ and I have debated this in the past when he held up the Ambassadors to Norway and Sweden—two Ambassador positions that were very important to Iowa and Minnesota because of our Scandinavian populations, and yet we went for years without Ambassadors to those really important allied countries. We went for years with two qualified people who could have taken over a year before, who had unanimously gone through—just like this nominee—the Foreign Relations Committee without objection. Yet Senator CRUZwas con-cerned about the naming of a street in front of the Embassy of China, which was completely unrelated. So while I appreciate his rep-resenting interest in his State, and I appreciate the fact that we have to have legitimate debates about energy and energy policy, I just don’t believe you should be holding qualified nomi-nees hostage. In the case of the Ambassadors to Norway and Sweden, we were ulti-mately triumphant because people from the Republican side of the aisle and the Democratic side of the aisle came together and said: Enough is enough. We need people who are quali-fied to fill these important positions in our government. That is exactly what is happening again. This is a qualified nominee, and the Senate should not be a place where someone with his qualifications should be blocked for an important position just as we are considering the farm bill, just as we are dealing with dis-aster recovery all over the Nation, in-cluding in places like Texas and Flor-ida. I just don’t believe in this scorched-earth policy. I believe, as we do on the Agriculture Committee, in working things out. We work things out. We may have differences of opin-ion, but we let people fill an important position like this. I am glad our colleague from Texas has remained through this discussion, with his friend from the Midwest, and we just hope some of that Midwestern common sense will come his way. Like Senator G
RASSLEY , I visit every county in Minnesota every year—all 87 coun-ties—and I can tell you that when I want to hear what the farmers think, I listen to Senator G
RASSLEY , but, most importantly, I listen to the people in my State. They want to have a USDA that is functioning and working and ready for all the issues we are con-fronting right now in agriculture and the United States. Thank you very much. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I thank my colleague who spoke very highly of the qualifications of Mr. Northey to be Under Secretary at the Department of Agriculture. I may say just a little bit about his qualifica-tions, but I want to spend most of my time expressing my thoughts to my colleagues in the Senate, and to Sen-ator C
RUZprimarily, on what I think about the argument over RINs being an impediment to some refineries oper-ating efficiently, going into bank-ruptcy, or other problems they have. Senator C
RUZhas said there are some things that could be put together to help this situation. I will name three of them that I think would work, and then I will say why I disagree with the Senator from Texas about the RINs issue and why he thinks that is a solu-tion to it and why I feel it is not a solu-tion to it. First of all, my colleague from Texas said there is a problem with Wall Street speculators. I don’t know whether that happens every day, but it happens sometimes, and it is some-thing that should be taken care of. I recognized that back in November of 2013, when I wrote a letter on that very subject urging the regulators to take a position on that. I think greater transparency of this whole market would be very good as well. I think that is a possibility. That is something the Senator and I have discussed as being very helpful, the EPA putting out regulations on vapor so we could get more ethanol in the percentage of E15. I would say his idea of putting caps on RINs will not work because when you do that, you are getting—the mar-ketplace isn’t working. I suppose I am a little surprised that a free market person like Senator CRUZ would sug-gest the government step in and cap that. Also, I would like to speak to the point that in November of last year, 2017, as an agency, the EPA itself said the RINs market was working, which puts the Agency in a little bit different position than where we think Mr. Pru-itt, the Administrator of EPA, is com-ing from. So, with that in mind, I am going to go to my remarks right now and ex-press that it is very unfortunate that there is an objection to advancing President Trump’s nomination of Iowa secretary of agriculture Bill Northey to be Under Secretary at the Depart-ment of Agriculture all because of un-related concerns over the renewable fuel standard, which is a law passed by Congress and obviously administered by the EPA. I am very disappointed that a highly qualified and honorable man like Bill Northey is being held up for an issue unrelated to his position. As you heard my colleague say, Secretary Northey enjoyed unanimous support from the Senate Agriculture Committee and has the support of numerous agriculture groups from around the country. Now I will get to the RINs issue and my feeling that this is not a legitimate reason for either holding up this nomi-nation for the bankruptcy that has been referred to or for any other refin-ery that has trouble. I think it is a manufactured and baseless rumor that the RFS, the re-newable fuel standard, has caused an oil refinery in Pennsylvania to file for bankruptcy. This example has been cited repeatedly as a justification for forcing the renewable fuel standard supporters to agree to sudden and dras-tic changes in how the renewable fuel standard was designed. I have been trying to work in good faith with the Senator from Texas and have offered several options—some of them I have just expressed here in my off-the-cuff remarks—that would result 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07FE6.036 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES692 February 7, 2018 
in lower prices on the RINs issue. As has been said, that stands for renew-able identification number. That is what we call the compliance credits— to make sure the refineries use the right amount of ethanol to meet the renewable fuel standard. However, I keep being told by the Senator from Texas that I need to ac-cept a proposal for a guaranteed cap on RIN prices in the short term to save this Philadelphia refinery. Unfortu-nately for those who are spreading the rumors that the problems the Philadel-phia refinery has are due to high RIN prices, from my point of view—and I hope I backed this up in a paper that we have widely disseminated within the last week—the facts don’t add up very well for the people making the ar-gument that RIN prices are the prob-lem. My staff and other analysts have read the SEC filings and the bank-ruptcy filings of the refinery in ques-tion and have come to the conclusion that the Philadelphia refinery cannot pin its problems on the renewable fuel standard. The No. 1 problem the Phila-delphia refinery has faced is the result of the petroleum export ban being lift-ed, which cost it access to cheaper feedstocks. Another reason, and the second biggest problem it has, is that a pipeline opened which diverted rail shipment of Bakken crude oil away from the east coast because of the pipe-line sending it someplace else, obvi-ously raising the price of the feedstock to the Philadelphia refinery. We keep being told the refinery is facing hardship because it cannot af-ford to buy enough RINs to comply with the renewable fuel standard. If that is the case, then why did this Philadelphia refinery sell off a signifi-cant quantity of RINs just last fall? That is quite odd, considering the com-pany needs to turn them in later this month for compliance with the renew-able fuel standard. Some have said it is executing a mar-ket short on RINs, which is dependent on some sort of Federal action that will suddenly drive down the cost of RINs. I would point out that shorting the RIN market is something Carl Icahn is reportedly being investigated for by Federal investigators. I hope that the Philadelphia refinery is not trying to follow that same playbook. I certainly want nothing to do with that kind of chicanery. Finally, the Philadelphia refinery could have avoided needing to buy any RINs at all if it had just invested in blending infrastructure years ago like many of its fellow merchant refineries did. In fact, the Philadelphia refinery is partly owned by Sunoco, which owns blending infrastructure. We also know that refinery has an ar-rangement whereby it supplies ethanol with RINs attached to Sunoco for blending with its gasoline. Other inde-pendent refiners with similar arrange-ments have an agreement to return the RINs to the refiner once they are de-tached. The RFS was created to bring cleaner burning renewable fuels to consumers. The RINs system was developed as a flexible system that would allow obli-gated parties to choose between invest-ing in blending infrastructure or buy-ing RINs for Renewable Fuel Standard compliance. The Philadelphia refinery made the decision to buy RINs instead. That hasn’t worked out very well for that refinery apparently, but that was the bet that refinery made. A cheaper option for Renewable Fuel Standard compliance exists, and the Philadel-phia refinery chose to pursue other in-vestments. None of this has anything to do with President Trump’s choice to oversee farm programs at the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Bill Northey should be confirmed by this body. He has overwhelming bipar-tisan support. Taking a nominee hos-tage to try to force an ill-conceived policy change is only going to cause more problems for this body in the fu-ture. I don’t know what the next step is, but I think that Bill Northey is such a good person for this position, I am going to continue to work as long as he wants me to work for his nomination to proceed. Before I yield the floor, I ask unani-mous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD an article on this issue of the Philadelphia refinery. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From Oil Price Information Service (OPIS), Feb. 6, 2018] (By Tom Kloza) V
ERLEGER : PES B ANKRUPTCY JUDGE COULD  I
NFLICT LEHMAN -LIKEMOMENT  Noted oil economist Phil Verleger has read the Philadelphia Energy Solutions (PES) bankruptcy filing and makes no bones about his verdict. The company is scapegoating the Renewable Fuel Standard for its financial woes, Verleger says, instead of properly at-tributing the demise of the 330,000-b/d refin-ery to the end of the long-time crude oil ex-port ban, antiquated equipment and a lack of investment that kept the plant competitive with other northeastern refineries. But most importantly, Verleger sees a pos-sibility that the bankruptcy judge just might render a decision that could wreak havoc with the RFS and throw the RINs market into utter chaos. Bankruptcy papers clearly indicate that PES would like to get its RIN obligation discharged in the reorga-nization. If not, the company would have to purchase and retire RINs with an aggregate market value of approximately $350 million at current market prices before a compliance deadline this spring. It would also need to buy about 550 million 2018 vintage RINs. A buyer of that quantity under current cir-cumstances might lead to a quick doubling of the renewable credit asking prices. But if a bankruptcy judge allows cancella-tion of the RINs’ obligation, any credibility associated with the RFS program might be thrown out the window. There is a legal obligation to blend ethanol and other biocomponents into transportation fuels and the EPA might have great dif-ficulty administering the program, even though the agency has been an advocate. A court decision granting PES’ request for re-lief might lead to a ‘‘Lehman-like moment’’ that could completely halt RINs’ trading, plunge the value of accumulated RINs to near zero and bring about pure chaos. PES’ owners blame the U.S. renewable fuels’ standard for their woes, but Verleger disagrees. Failure came about because the refinery complex is out of date and it is a merchant refinery with no downstream out-lets. It also operates in a region where flat demand is a victory and decelerating demand a probability. Financially solvent and tech-nologically advanced companies can operate under these circumstances, but the noted oil economist finds no evidence that critical in-vestments were made PES in the refinery. The PES bankruptcy filing took place on Jan. 22, and the RINs’ cost of $217 million was the largest expense other than crude oil costs. When the Trump administration re-affirmed the government’s commitment to the RFS in the autumn, it dealt a blow to merchant refiners and other processors who hoped to shift the compliance burden to oth-ers. PES CEO Gregory Gatta told the Phila-delphia Inquirer: ‘‘It is unfortunate that the company was driven to this result by the failed RFS policy and excessive RIN costs.’’ He added that the company ‘‘can only hope that our filing . . . will provide the nec-essary catalyst for meaningful long-term re-form of the RFS program.’’ In contrast, Verleger notes that megarefiner Valero reported net income of $4.1 billion for the year and saw a quarterly profit of $509 million excluding the Trump tax cut benefits. Expense for RINs was $311 million in the fourth quarter, but the com-pany invested $2.4 billion, with half of it going to ‘‘growth projects.’’ Some of those past investments have in-cluded logistical additions and refinery tweaks so that properties could run heavily discounted Canadian crude. ‘‘Valero invested. Canadian producers have not. And clearly, PES has not,’’ notes Verleger. He backdates the lack of investment for several decades. Some 35 years ago, the Washington Post acknowledged that the re-finery owner at the time (Sun Oil, and then Sunoco) bucked the trend toward expensive refinery upgrades in favor of keeping a light sweet more expensive feedstock dependence. That luck ran out for Sunoco, but PES had a run of several years during which it could bring inexpensive landlocked U.S. crude to Philadelphia, thanks to the U.S. export ban. An investment was made in a $186 million rail-unloading facility, but refineries were not upgraded. Nowadays, Bakken crude trades within a few dollars of WTI, so ship-ping the North Dakota crude to the East Coast doesn’t make economic sense. In contrast, Delta Air Lines bought the closed ConocoPhillips refinery in Trainer, Pa., in 2012, renamed it Monroe Energy and upgraded the refinery to meet tougher U.S. specifications. In 2016, some $70 million was invested so that the plant could produce the lower-sulfur gasoline required by EPA. PES hoped to make investments in the re-finery from funds from a proposed IPO, but investors balked at terms. There was no IPO and no investment. The end of the export ban on U.S. crude combined with the completion of the Dakota Access Pipeline eliminated PES’ access to favorably priced crudes. PES had a favorable position only so long as the export ban was in effect, notes Verleger. The refinery isn’t just dependent on expen-sive light sweet crude. It also produces about 12% of low valued industrial products that ultimately fetch prices beneath crude costs. It is much less competitive than nearby PBF, which boasts about double the PES margins. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07FE6.037 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S693 February 7, 2018 
‘‘The owners (of PES) gambled that the large discount of U.S. crude to world prices would continue enabling the refinery to con-tinue earning profits.’’ Verleger concludes that PES lost the gam-ble and the growth of U.S. crude exports has made it impractical and unprofitable to move Midcontinent crude to East Coast sweet refineries. Verleger acknowledges that the RIN mar-ket isn’t a particularly efficient market, with inequities incurred by small marketers who don’t get RIN discounts passed along. Distortions can create an unequal playing field. But finding the source of the problems is a difficult task, with possible flaws includ-ing hoarding by large traders in the credits. But he suggests that rather than declaring amnesty on RIN obligations, a more appro-priate decision might be to scrap the refin-ery, which was once headed for closure ear-lier in the decade. Part-owner Carlyle Group gambled with its own money (and some gov-ernment funds) that it could profitably rail crude to Philadelphia and make money. In-stead, the export ban was lifted, dooming that flawed strategy. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Texas. Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, a few ob-servations about the colloquy that has occurred. No. 1, we had two friends of ours from the Democratic side of the aisle who spoke energetically in support of this nomination, but I found it striking that our Democratic friends had noth-ing to say to the union members who are faced with the risk of losing their jobs. Senate Democrats often portray themselves as friends of organized labor, friends of union members. Yet it was striking that when they came to the floor, they had no answer to union members in Philadelphia being told they are at risk of being unemployed because of a broken regulatory system. Instead, it is a conservative Republican Texan who is fighting for the jobs of those union members. I would also note that my efforts in this are not alone. Indeed, in Decem-ber, I brought 12 Senators—12 Members of this body—to the White House to meet with the President, working to find a solution to this problem. Those Senators included Senator C
ORNYN , Senator C
ASSIDY , Senator K ENNEDY , Senator E
NZI, Senator B ARRASSO , Sen-ator L
EE, Senator T OOMEY , Senator I
NHOFE , and Senator L ANKFORD . Those are Senators from a wide geographic array, all facing significant job losses, potentially, and all interested in a positive solution to this problem. In the remarks we just heard on the Senate floor, none of the Senators pro-posed any relief to the potentially hun-dreds of thousands of blue-collar work-ers being driven out of work by a bro-ken regulatory system—no relief what-soever. Indeed, none of the Senators disputed the fact that the RFS worked and worked just fine when RINs were selling for a penny. This debate is not about the RFS— should we continue it or not. When I was a candidate for President, I cam-paigned on ending it. I didn’t win. I lost that election. This is not a fight about ending the RFS. The current ad-ministration is committed to con-tinuing the RFS. That is the preroga-tive of this administration. This is in-stead a search for a solution that would save tens of thousands, if not hundreds of thousands of jobs. The senior Senator from Iowa said: Gosh, it is not a free-market solution to cap the price of RINs. Well, if RINs were an actual commodity that existed in the real world, I would agree with that. I wouldn’t support capping the price of corn or the price of gasoline or the price of widgets or anything else that people were making. But RINs are an artificial, made-up government fix. They don’t exist. No one manufactures a RIN. It is a government ID number. And it worked initially when they were trading at 1 and 2 cents apiece. But when it skyrocketed, going all the way up to $1.40 each—it is now threatening thousands upon thousands of blue-col-lar jobs. The Senator from Iowa suggested that RINs are not the cause of the bankruptcy of the Philadelphia Energy Solutions refinery. Well, I would note that the explicit text of the bank-ruptcy filing is to the contrary. Indeed, this is a quote from their bankruptcy filing: ‘‘The effect of the RFS Program on the Debtor’s business is the primary driver behind the Debtor’s decision to seek relief under the Bankruptcy Code.’’ It does not say ‘‘is a factor’’ or ‘‘is a problem’’ but ‘‘is the primary driver.’’ That is what they wrote in their bankruptcy papers. None of the Senators who spoke dis-puted that for that refinery, the price of RINs went from $10 million in 2012 to $300 million in 2017. That is unreason-able. That is broken. The junior Senator from Iowa talked about the need to pull back job-killing regulations. Well, there is a job-killing regulation that we need to pull back. This is a very important thing for those following this debate to under-stand: That $300 million—do you know how much of it goes to Iowa farmers? Zero. They are not getting that money. Instead, it is going to speculators and large—many foreign—integrated oil companies. It is an odd thing to see lobbyists for ethanol companies fight-ing for the profits of giant overseas oil companies. That doesn’t make any sense. Unfortunately, the position of the ethanol lobbyists has been: We are un-willing to speak. We are unwilling to talk. We are unwilling to meet with anyone on the refinery side. We are un-willing to defend our position. We will not attend the meeting. We have repeatedly extended that in-vitation to them, and they have said no. That is blatantly unreasonable. Do you know whom the ethanol lobbyists are serving the least? Corn farmers. Repeatedly in the course of this nego-tiation, I have sought to put on the table policy options that would be a win for corn farmers, that would result in more corn being sold, more Iowa corn being sold, more ethanol being sold. The ethanol lobbyists are so un-reasonable, they don’t want to win and they don’t want to provide any relief for thousands of blue-collar workers being thrown out of work. That is not a reasonable solution. I hope Mr. Northey will be confirmed. Indeed, I hope he is confirmed soon. He could be confirmed as soon as next week. In November, I laid out a very clear path to Mr. Northey being con-firmed. In December, I laid out a very clear path to Mr. Northey being con-firmed. The people blocking Mr. Northey’s confirmation are the ethanol lobbyists who have said: We are unwill-ing to have a win/win solution. The an-swer is, let thousands of people lose their jobs even though doing so doesn’t benefit Iowa corn farmers at all. That doesn’t make any sense. Here is a ray of sunshine, a ray of hope. I believe the administration is going to do the right thing. I believe the President wants to see a win/win solution—a solution that is good for Iowa corn farmers. I want to see Iowa corn farmers sell more corn, a solution that results in Mr. Northey being con-firmed, and a solution that doesn’t bankrupt refineries and cost a bunch of blue-collar union members their jobs. That is a win for everybody. I believe that is where the President and the ad-ministration want to go, and I think that is where we will end up. I am hopeful we will arrive on that solution, which is consistent with the respon-sibilities of all of us. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I just need 1 minute because all of my col-leagues are waiting to speak now. For the benefit of the Senator from Texas, I wish to just say one thing. I don’t question that he accurately quoted the union leader at the Phila-delphia refinery, but I also, maybe within the last 2 weeks, read a state-ment by the so-called president—and I believe it is the same person whom we are talking about—that RINs were not an issue. The other thing that I would add just for clarification of what the Senator said, that nobody has offered any re-lief, I have offered to make two offers. One of them would be the Reid vapor pressure thing, the issue connected with E15—that could be done by a regu-lation out of EPA—and also trans-parency to make sure the markets work. I thank the Senator from Texas for his consideration of my effort to get Secretary Northey confirmed. I am sorry that he has objected, but that is the way the Senate can work and will work, and we will have to keep work-ing to get Secretary Northey con-firmed. I thank my colleagues for their pa-tience. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.001 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES694 February 7, 2018 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I don’t want to get in the way of a disagree-ment between two of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. I would just say to Senator G
RASSLEY that there was a hearing today before the Envi-ronment and Public Works Committee, on which I serve as the senior Demo-crat. The subject of the Renewable Fuel Standard actually came up in the discussion. We had a number of folks from the agriculture community from across the country—one, the current secretary of agriculture from the State of Delaware. We talked about the Re-newal Fuel Standard and its effect on the economy. One of the reasons we encourage farms through our Federal Government policies—the reason we encourage farmers to raise, say, corn is that we can use it, and we frankly use a lot of other substances that they raise to cre-ate energy, to fuel us. Not only can our farmers feed us, they can also fuel us. This really got underway with the George W. Bush administration trying to do a better job of getting farmers in-volved to reduce our dependence on for-eign oil by creating biofuels, advanced biofuels, ethanol, and corn ethanol. I will mention one of the things we talked about today, and then I will talk about what I am really supposed to be here to talk about, which is DREAMers and the economic security of this country. In the State of Delaware, we have only three counties: New Castle Coun-ty, Kent County, and Sussex County, the third largest county in America. I think we raise more chickens there than any county in America. The last time I checked, we raise more soybeans there. We raise more lima beans there. Agriculture is a big deal for us. We also have great beaches in Delaware. We have Rehoboth Beach, Dewey Beach, Bethany Beach, and others. And there are a lot of interesting people who live close to the beach and not so close to the beach in Sussex County, so there is pressure from development. Sometimes we have the interests of farmers and that community coming up against the interests of developers. One of the ways we decided to ensure that we still have farmland and don’t overdevelop our counties and our State is to make sure that farmers can make money and support themselves. One of the ways they can do that is through the ability to not only feed us with the commodities they raise but also to fuel us. There is something called RINs, or renewable identification numbers, a commodity traded on the market. The value of the RINs should literally be measured in pennies. Over the last year or so, it has been measured in more than a dollar for RINs. The refinery that has been discussed, which is up in Philadelphia, spent a lot of money on purchasing RINs in the last year or so. That shouldn’t be the case. Our com-mittee has been reaching out to the Commodity Futures Trading Commis-sion in order to get them involved to say: How do we make this RINs market less volatile? How do we bring down the price of RINs? How do we enable us to do both, for our ag community and farmers to feed us, as a nation and a world, and also to fuel us? 
DACA  
Mr. President, I am really here to ap-plaud the work of a number of our col-leagues—Senator D
URBIN , who is on the floor, and Senator G
RAHAM —for the great leadership they have provided to make sure that, at the end of the day, we do the morally right thing—to make sure that we don’t send away 700,000 or 800,000 or more people who were born in other countries but who were brought here by their parents at very young ages, grew up here, were educated here, are working here, and are making a contribution here. Why does it make sense to send them home? Discover, one of the companies headquartered in Illinois—a State that Senator D
URBIN has represented for as long as I have been privileged to rep-resent Delaware—has operations in my State as well. They sent a letter that basically says: 
One of the basic tenets of our culture is to ‘‘Do the Right Thing’’—and we urge Congress to do the same, without delay . . . We are proud to count Dreamers as part of the Dis-cover community and believe they should have the ability to continue pursuing their American dreams. 
Every now and then we have the op-portunity to do something right and beneficial. Some have heard the say-ing: It is possible to do good and do well. With respect to Dreamers, I think it is possible to do good and do well. These are logos of about 100 compa-nies—large and small, from coast to coast, from north and south, east and west—that believe it is in their best in-terests as employers to have a strong, capable, able, educated workforce, where people come to work and will work a day’s work for a day’s pay, will make a contribution, and will enable the company to be successful. They are companies on the east coast, on west coast, in the north, and in the south. They are all over the place. Some are big; some are small. These companies have shared with me—and I have shared with others on both sides of the aisle—that they think the morally right thing to do with re-spect to Dreamers is to say: You came here not of your own volition. You were brought and raised here by your parents and now you are making a con-tribution. Again, over 100 companies are listed here, and these companies want their employees to be able to stay and con-tinue making a contribution. Here we have a comment from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. These are the words of Tom Donahue, president of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, who is very vocal on this subject: 
A great place to reform our immigration system to meet the needs of our economy is by retaining the over 1 million individuals who are currently allowed to work here le-gally but are at risk of losing that status. [This] includes the Dreamers, some 690,000 young people brought here illegally as chil-dren, through no fault of their own. These hard-working individuals contribute their talents to our economy in integral ways, and we’ll lose them if Congress doesn’t act early this year. A lot of times we talk about what is the morally right thing to do. Some-times we talk about what is economi-cally smart for our economy. We just got the jobs report for our country for the month of January about a week ago, and the jobs report is encouraging. The longest running economic expan-sion in our country began, I think, in the first year of the Obama-Biden ad-ministration. We are now into our eighth or maybe our ninth year. One of the keys to maintaining an ongoing economic expansion is to make sure we have a workforce that is able, trained, and educated and with the work ethic and the skills needed to fill the jobs we have in this country. When the jobs report came out last Friday from the Department of Labor for the month of January, they re-ported an unemployment rate for the country at about 4.1 percent. We are es-sentially at full employment. There were about 2 million to 3 million jobs last month that went unfilled. Nobody showed up to do those jobs, in some cases because folks applying for those jobs didn’t have the education, the skills, the work ethic, or the willing-ness to do those jobs, or maybe there was the inability to pass a drug test. What those people can do is to enable a lot of companies in our country to be successful. There is something I call economic insanity. We can talk all we want about what is the morally right thing to do with respect to the Dreamers. I think we ought to think about what is in our naked self-interest as a country with an eye on our economy. We are not going to always have an economic expansion, but we want to keep it going for as long as we can and have smart policies. One of the smart poli-cies is to make sure we have the right workers, who show up and do the work that needs to be done in the workplace. As it turns out, there is an impact that Dreamers have collectively on the annual GDP loss for the U.S. if we don’t pass the Dream Act, authored by Senators D
URBIN and G RAHAM and sponsored by a number of Democrats and Republicans. The annual GDP loss for the United States over 10 years if we don’t pass the DREAM Act by March 5 is $460 billion. Just in Delaware alone, we have 1,400 Dreamers. The impact on GDP in Dela-ware if Congress doesn’t pass the Dream Act by March 5—in a tiny little State—is $88 million. That is an eye- popping number. It is in our naked self- interest to find a path forward to make sure these folks don’t head back to the country where they were born years ago and maybe start their own busi-nesses and compete with us rather than be productive citizens here. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07FE6.040 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S695 February 7, 2018 
This is a commentary from the Cen-ter for American Entrepreneurship, from earlier this year. The message that we received said: 
The reduction in immigration mandated by the RAISE Act— 
That is the administration’s broad policy on immigration reform, which the administration has proposed— 
would reduce economic growth by two to three tenths of a percentage point every year over the next decade. 
Now, that doesn’t sound like a lot, does it, to reduce it every year by 0.2 to 0.3 percentage points for the next dec-ade? So that would be a reduction in economic growth in our country over the next 10 years. Right now we are doing pretty well. As I said, we are in the eighth or ninth year of the longest running economic expansion in the history of our coun-try. Right now we are doing pretty well. The stock market has been up and down, kind of crazy and haywire. But we can’t afford to do this. We would be foolish to throw away 2 or 3 percentage points of economic growth over the next decade. That would be crazy. It means slower growth, fewer jobs, less opportunity, and stagnant wages—none of which benefits our peo-ple or our country. We don’t have to make a foolish deci-sion like the administration’s proposal would have us make. I am tempted to call it economic insanity. I think it is morally wrong. This is one of those places where doing the right thing ac-tually lines up with enabling us to do good and do well at the same time. That is what we should do. I want to thank Senator D
URBIN , Senator L
INDSEY GRAHAM , and a bunch of other colleagues—Democrat and Re-publican, from one end of the spectrum to the other—who have been working very hard to do right and do what is in the economic best interest of our coun-try. I thank my friend from Illinois for al-lowing me to go ahead of him. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President I thank my colleague from Delaware, Senator T
OMCARPER . He and I came to the House of Representatives together many years ago. He went off on an-other assignment as Governor of his State, and then came back and ran for the U.S. Senate. We are lucky to have him. He is a great Senator, a great friend, and a great colleague. He takes on important issues every day on be-half of his State and the Nation, and I thank him for his support for this con-versation about DACA and Dreamers. I would like to take a little different approach to this than I usually do on the floor, and I have come to the floor many times to talk about it. I would like for everyone here who is listening to this debate to pause and think for a minute: What is the worst job you have ever had—the worst job? Maybe it was the worst job because it was boring, and boring jobs are ter-rible. But there are some pretty bad jobs out there. I could tell you my worst job. I was working my way through college in what we euphemistically call a pack-inghouse. In the old days, they called them slaughterhouses. What happened was that hogs came off the truck in one door, and two days later pork chops and bacon went out the back door. In between, there were some pret-ty awful jobs—hot, dirty, smelly, and dangerous jobs. I took it as a college student because it paid $3.65 an hour in the 1960s—pret-ty darned good, in fact, better than anything else I could find. I raised enough money working there four dif-ferent summers to go to college. There was never any doubt at the end of the summer that I was going to stay with my job and not go to college. I couldn’t wait to go to college in the hopes that I would never have to work in a pack-inghouse or slaughterhouse again in my life. Take a look today at the packing-houses, slaughterhouses, and poultry processing places across the United States of America, and I will tell you, almost without exception, what you will find. Take a look at the workers who come out of those places at the end of the workday. They are tired, they are sweaty, and they are dirty, and they are, by and large, immi-grants—people who come to this coun-try from other places. In Beardstown, IL, there is a proc-essing place, near the central part of my State, and the workers there are largely Hispanic and African. They are immigrants who have come to this country and, like generations of immi-grants before them, were prepared to take the worst, dirtiest, hardest jobs available just to make it in America. Go to the restaurants in Chicago, if you want a contrast from what I just described. We are lucky. I am lucky to represent that city, but we are lucky to have some of the greatest res-taurants, I think, in our country. I would put them up against any city. I sat down with a person who owned some of those restaurants and talked to him about the immigration issue. He said: Senator, if you took the un-documented people and the immigrant people out of the restaurants and ho-tels of Chicago, we would close our doors. We couldn’t operate without them. Oh, you don’t see them in the front of the house—not your waiter and not the maitre d’ or the person who takes your reservation. But just look at who car-ried the dishes off the table, and take a look through that door when it swings open at who is working back there in that hot kitchen. Over and over, you are going to find immigrants and un-documented people. So they are part of America, and they are part of our econ-omy and, even more, they are part of our history. We have had debates about immigra-tion from the beginning. I say jokingly that when the Mayflower landed and they got off the boats, a lot of them looked over their shoulders and said: I hope no more of these folks are com-ing. But they kept coming. They came in the thousands, even in the millions, from all over the world, anxious to be a part of the future of the United States of America. A ship landed in Baltimore in July of 1911, and a woman came down the gangplank with three kids. She was coming from Lithuania. She landed in Baltimore with those three kids—one of them a 2-year-old girl she was hold-ing in her arms—and tried to find her way around Baltimore, MD, because she didn’t speak English. Somehow or another she found that train station, got on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and somehow or another she made it to East St. Louis, IL—her idea of a land of opportunity in 1911. There she was reunited with her hus-band, and there she made a life—a hard, challenging life but one that led to good things. The 2-year-old girl she was carrying was my mother, and my mother was an immigrant to this coun-try. In my office upstairs behind my desk is my mother’s naturalization cer-tificate. I keep it there to remind my-self and everyone visiting who I am, my family’s story, and America’s story. If you think that we have come to ac-cept immigration as part of America, then you don’t understand the history. We have had our ups and downs when it comes to immigration laws. There have been times when in this Chamber—in this Senate Chamber—there were de-bates that led to the decision to ex-clude people from certain parts of the world who were no longer welcome in America. The most notorious in mod-ern times was in 1924. The object of our immigration exclusionary law was to keep out undesirable people from the United States of America. Who fell into that category in 1924? Jewish people, Italians, people from Eastern Europe— people from where my family came from. We made it clear in the law there would be quotas, and we were not going to accept people who were not desirable for the future of America. That was in 1924. Let me read you this incredible statement that was made. When Presi-dent Calvin Coolidge signed the 1924 law justifying the quotas excluding Jews, Italians, Eastern Europeans, and others, here is what the President of the United States said in 1924: 
There are racial considerations too grave to be brushed aside. Biological laws tell us that certain people will not mix or blend. The Nordics propagate themselves success-fully. With other races, the outcome shows deterioration on both sides. 
President Calvin Coolidge, 1924, signed that immigration law. That was the law in the land of America for 41 years. Our attitude toward parts of the world and whether people from those parts were welcome was determined in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07FE6.042 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES696 February 7, 2018 
1924 and defined by this Presidential statement. Then, in 1965, we passed the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act that estab-lished our current system. Do you know what we said was the bedrock of that system? Reuniting families, bring-ing people to this country and allowing them to not only make it in America but to make a family in America. How many times have those of us in politics stood up and talked about faith and family and flag? I believe those words. I think my colleagues do too. When it came to immigration, that was the bedrock of what we were going to do—to make sure that families could be reunited in America. That 1965 law replaced the strict na-tional origin quotas of the 1924 immi-gration law that favored Northern Eu-ropeans and excluded Asians. That was one of the other groups excluded under the 1924 law. When President Lyndon Johnson signed that 1965 law, he said: ‘‘It cor-rects a cruel and enduring wrong. . . . For over four decades the immigration policy of the United States has been twisted and distorted by the harsh in-justice of the national origins quota system.’’ The Cato Institute is a research group. I don’t usually quote them be-cause they are on the other side of the political spectrum. I am on the left side, and they are on the right side. But I am going to quote them tonight because what they had to say about the proposal coming from the White House about immigration is worth hearing. The White House is part of changing immigration laws in America. It wants to dramatically reduce legal immigra-tion by prohibiting American citizens from sponsoring their parents, siblings, and adult or married children as immi-grants. We are talking literally about millions of relatives of American citi-zens who have done the right thing by following our immigration laws, and some have waited in line 20 years to be reunited with their families in Amer-ica—20 years waiting for the day when their families could be together again. Listen to what the Cato Institute, a conservative think tank, says about the proposal from the White House, which has been introduced in the Sen-ate by two of my colleagues. This is what Cato says: 
[I]n the most likely scenario, the new plan would cut the number of legal immigrants by up to 44 percent or half a million immigrants annually—the largest policy-driven legal im-migration cut since the 1920s. Compared to current law, it would exclude nearly 22 million people from the oppor-tunity to immigrate legally to the United States over the next five decades. 
You have to go back to 1924 to find that kind of reduction in legal immi-gration in America. What is it about? Is it about security? No. Every single person we are talking about has to go through a serious criminal national se-curity background check before they will ever be allowed into the United States. It isn’t automatic. You have to be thoroughly investigated. Some of them wait 20 years with all these inves-tigations for the chance. Is it about jobs? Think back to those jobs these immigrants take in the United States. How many of us would say: My son—I am so proud—didn’t know what to do with his life. I told him: Well, why don’t you consider washing dishes at a restaurant in Chi-cago? Why don’t you consider working in a packing house in Beardstown, IL? Why don’t you consider landscaping? Those are not the jobs we want to see for our children, and they are jobs that go vacant unless immigrants and peo-ple like them are willing to pick our fruit and our vegetables, milk the cows, and do the hard work that is re-quired in so many different parts of America. We have, at this point, an important decision to make, not just as a Senate but as a nation. On September 5, Presi-dent Donald Trump announced the end of the DACA Program. March 5 is the deadline. As of March 5, 1,000 young people every single day will lose the protection of DACA and be subject to deportation and unable to work legally in America. Who are they? Twenty thousand of them are teachers—teach-ers in grade schools and high schools around America who will lose their jobs on March 5 as their DACA protec-tion expires. Nine hundred of them, un-documented, will lose their oppor-tunity to serve in the United States military. That is right—undocumented. They took the oath that they would risk and give their lives for America to serve in our military. On March 5, as their DACA protection expires, they will be asked to leave the military of the United States of America. I can’t tell you how many thousands of students will find it impossible to continue school because they can no longer legally work in America. I can tell you about 30 med students, premed students at Loyola University in Chi-cago. They told me the reality. At the end of medical school, you finish your education with a clinical experience, a residency—not 40 hours a week, some-times 80 hours a week, but it is a job. You better take it, and you better learn the clinical side of medicine if you are going to be a good doctor. When they lose their DACA protection, they lose their legal right to work in America, and they cannot apply for a residency. It is an end of their medical education because President Trump had a deadline that said: On March 5, it’s over. Here we are. What have we done in the 5 months since the President chal-lenged us to fix the problem he cre-ated? We have done absolutely nothing. Nothing. Not one bill has passed in the House or Senate, despite the Presi-dent’s challenge and despite the disas-trous impact this is going to have on hundreds of thousands of people across the United States of America. I shouldn’t say that we have done nothing. Some people in this debate have sent out a lot of tweets. Boy, that sure helps. There have been a lot of press releases and press conferences, but not a single bill has come to the floor. That is going to change. That is going to change very quickly. Senator MCCONNELL , the Republican leader— and I take him at his word because he said it publicly, he said it privately, and I have told him personally ‘‘You said it, and I believe you’’—is going to call this measure for a vote in the Sen-ate next week. For those of you who tune in to C– SPAN or visit in the Chamber here, please show up next week because something is going to happen on the Senate floor that hasn’t happened in a year and a half—maybe longer. We are actually going to have a debate. This empty Chamber will have people in it. We will be considering a bill. People will be offering amendments. We will be debating it on the floor. For some of my Senate colleagues, it is the first time they will ever see this happen. We don’t do that anymore, but we are going to do it on this important issue, and we should. The reason we should is not just because the President issued the challenge and not just because so many lives are hanging in the balance. It is because when we get down to this issue, it becomes extremely personal. Today for the 108th time, I am going to tell the story of a Dreamer. I use the word ‘‘Dreamer’’ because I am proud of it. The President said at the Repub-lican retreat: Don’t ever use that word ‘‘Dreamer.’’ I use it because I introduced the DREAM Act in 2001. Before I intro-duced that bill, if you said ‘‘Dreamer,’’ people thought you were talking about a British rock group with a guy named Freddie. We created the DREAM Act, and I want to tell you the story of this Dreamer. This is Saba Nafees. She is the 108th Dreamer I have told the story of on the floor. When she was 11 years old, they brought her to the United States from Pakistan. She grew up in Fort Worth, TX. In high school, she played piano, sang in the choir, and played tennis. She then studied mathe-matics at Texas Tech. She was ineli-gible for any government assistance to go to school. She had to work, borrow money. That is how she went to school—a mathematics degree at Texas Tech. There she was, a research schol-ar, co-vice president of the Student Service Organization, president of the Texas chapter of the National Mathe-matics Honor Society. She participated in premed and math mentoring pro-grams for younger students. She was awarded the Texas Tech department of mathematics prize for excellence in mathematics by an undergraduate woman. In 2014, Saba graduated from Texas Tech Honors College with a bachelor of science in mathematics, with the high-est honors. Today, Saba is a Ph.D. can-didate studying mathematical biology. Please do not ask me on the final what 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07FE6.043 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S697 February 7, 2018 
mathematical biology is, but she is ma-joring in it at Texas Tech. She is focus-ing on a better understanding of bio-logical data and disease. She teaches undergraduate students as a graduate teaching assistant. What is her dream in America? To use mathematics to ad-vance research to cure diseases like cancer. Let me read you what she wrote to me. She said: 
I am an aspiring scientist and hope to con-tinue my research in mathematical biology. Currently, there’s an ever increasing need for computational and mathematical anal-ysis of biological phenomena, specifically in the areas of bioinformatics and medicine. I hope to contribute to this field and give back to my country just as this country has con-tributed to my education. . . . Without DACA, I would have been forced to continue living a life in the shadows, a life with con-stant upper bounds, and a life that is impris-oned in the very country I call home. 
Saba is what this debate is all about. There are those who say: We are too busy to do this; we will get back to it later. There are those who say: Well, I am sure she is a very talented person, but she is illegal, you know. There are those who say we are fools to let a talent like this leave America. We are crazy to give up on such amaz-ing young people. We are wrong to call them lazy, for goodness’ sakes. There isn’t a lazy bone in this young woman’s body. I don’t think so. What she has achieved is nothing short of a miracle as an un-documented student in America. Some others have argued: Well, she can stay, but you have to punish her parents. We have to make them leave the United States of America. There has to be a better way. Yes. Was it wrong? Did it, maybe, even vio-late a law for them to bring her here? What parent wouldn’t do it if it meant survival or if it meant a future for a child? We can make them pay a price. In the comprehensive immigration bill, there is a fine and a long waiting pe-riod. All of the things could be included in here. For goodness’ sakes, this young lady and her family can be an important part of America’s future if and when we decide in the U.S. Senate that she is worth our effort. We will have that chance soon. We will start the debate soon. Young people like her will listen to this debate because they know what is at stake and whether there is any fu-ture for them in the United States of America. For goodness’ sakes, in the name of justice, in the name of the values that made this country what it is today, we ought to stand up on a bipartisan basis and solve this problem in a humane and sensible way. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The Senator from Minnesota. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, once again, I rise to talk about the Dreamers. I thank Senator D
URBIN for his lead-ership. I know the leader will be com-ing in shortly, and I will yield when he arrives. I thank Senator DURBIN for leading the Dream Act with Senator G
RAHAM — for negotiating for years and years to get support on the Republican side of the aisle, for never giving up, and for telling the stories, as we have just heard, to bring this home to people—so people understand that this is not just a number, that this is not just a sta-tistic, that this is not just someone whom you call a name. These are peo-ple who are part of the United States of America. Ninety-seven percent of them work or are in school. The average age they were brought over was 6
1⁄2years old. Like Senator D
URBIN , Senator G RA-
HAM, and many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, I am and always have been committed to passing a leg-islative solution to protect Dreamers. I appreciate the Presiding Officer’s in-terest in this issue and the group that we have, the Common Sense Caucus, that has been working together in de-bating this and trying to come to-gether to allow for the Dreamers to have a path to citizenship, to allow them to stay in our country, to stop the deportation of what would be some-thing like 800,000 people—something the President of the United States has firmly said he does not want to do. He wants to see a path to citizenship along with increased border security. I see that the leader has arrived, and I will continue my remarks when he has completed his. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session for the en bloc consideration of the following nominations: Executive Calendar Nos. 599 and 602. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nominations of Barbara Stew-art, of Illinois, to be Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation for National and Community Service; and Brett Giroir, of Texas, to be Medical Director in the Regular Corps of the Public Health Service, subject to the quali-fications therefor as provided by law and regulations, and to be an Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nominations en bloc with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further mo-tions be in order; and that any state-ments relating to the nominations be printed in the RECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Stewart and Giroir nominations en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE OBSERVATION OF ‘‘NATIONAL TRAFFICKING AND MODERN SLAVERY PREVEN-TION MONTH’’ Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judi-ciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 385. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 385) supporting the observation of ‘‘National Trafficking and Modern Slavery Prevention Month’’ during the period beginning on January 1, 2018, and ending on February 1, 2018, to raise aware-ness of, and opposition to, human trafficking and modern slavery. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 385) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of January 29, 2018, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now proceed to the en bloc consid-eration of the following Senate resolu-tions which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 397, S. Res. 398, and S. Res. 399. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07FE6.044 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES698 February 7, 2018 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lutions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolutions were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-ambles, are printed in today’s R
ECORD  under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
CHILD PROTECTION IMPROVE-MENTS ACT OF 2017—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. 
DACA  
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I will continue my remarks about the importance of passing the Dream Act and the work of the Common Sense Caucus, in which the Presiding Officer has been involved, to try to find a path forward to protect these Dreamers while understanding the combination that we could have for increased border security at the same time. What you have going on right now in our country is fear, as Senator D
URBIN  has pointed out, with over 800,000 peo-ple who have been here, as I said, through no fault of their own and with 97 percent of them working or in school. Just yesterday, I met with the Catholic Conference—people from the Catholic Church in my State—and some of the Dreamers, and I heard again of the account of someone who is in school and is doing well, who wants to work, and who wants to stay in our State. When I hear these stories, I am always reminded of the oldest Dreamer I ever met, Joseph Medina, who was born in Mexico. He came over to this country and didn’t know he had been brought over to the country illegally. His parents had died. He grew up in Sleepy Eye, MN—a little town. He decided to sign up to serve our country during World War II. He then found out he was un-documented. When I met him at age 99, in his words, back then, the military took you over to Canada for a night, and you stayed in a hotel. You came back, and you were a citizen because they wanted you to serve in the mili-tary. He then served bravely under General MacArthur. He came back to the United States and got married and had a son. That son served our country in the Vietnam war. I met their entire family and stood with them in front of the World War II Memorial when he was 99 years old— Joseph Medina—along with two other Dreamers, who were two kids from a Minnesota suburban high school who wanted to join the Air Force, but, at the time, they were not able to. He wanted them to be able to serve our country just as he had served our coun-try. He died just this last year at age 103. I am doing it for him and for the 6,000 Dreamers who live in Minnesota. As we know, we have been seeing them lose their DACA status since the administration’s decision. Not only would this mean deportation if we don’t do something about this, it means people will basically be led away from their jobs—people who are teach-ing school, who are working at jobs in our hospitals and in our neighborhoods, and suddenly they will not be able to work. We cannot let that happen in America, and I cannot let that happen in our State. That is why we must con-tinue this work. We must get this done and the sooner, the better. The Dream Act is based on a simple principle. Dreamers were brought to the United States as children and only know this country as their home, and they should be given the opportunity to contribute to our Nation and be-come citizens. Passing the Dream Act isn’t just the morally right thing to do, which the majority of Americans agree with, it also makes economic sense. One recent study estimated that ending DACA could cost the country over $400 billion over the next 10 years. It would cost Minnesota more than $376 million in annual revenue and have an immeas-urable impact on families who would be ripped apart. The unemployment rate in my State is in the 3-percent range, and this pop-ulation is working in our State and an important part of our State’s employ-ment force, just as our legal refugees are. That is why this rhetoric and some of the things we are hearing about Dreamers isn’t good. I truly appreciate those Republicans in the Senate, including the Presiding Officer, who have been willing to work with us on this issue and talk to the people in their States to try to come together on passing some version of the Dream Act and allowing these Dream-ers to stay. We will continue this fight. We stand in support of the Dream Act, we stand in support of those Dreamers, and we work every single day to find a solu-tion. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Thank you, Mr. President. I am honored to rise after my distin-guished colleagues from Minnesota and Illinois to issue a simple demand: We must act now to pass legislation pro-tecting the Dreamers against mass, draconian deportation. We must act now effectively, not cosmetically or su-perficially. We must act now without unacceptable preconditions and hos-tage-taking amendments that cut im-migration—a betrayal of our American values. We cannot ask Dreamers to languish in uncertainty any longer. These young people are Americans in all but name. They grew up in this country, and they went to our schools. They serve in our military and support our economy. They epitomize the American dream. These young people work hard, and they give back. Deporting Dreamers would be cruel, irrational, inhumane, and very simply repugnant to the American values that every Member of this Chamber holds dear. When DACA was adopted in 2012, it changed the lives of these young peo-ple. It opened new doors to oppor-tunity. Dreamers could come out of the shadows. They could use driver’s li-censes, attend college, and fully par-ticipate in our economy. When DACA was adopted, we made a promise to the Dreamers. We promised that if they come forward and provide the U.S. Government with their most basic personal and private information, this information will never be used against them. We assured them that they have a place in this country. Now, with the complicity of this body, that promise is about to be broken. I say ‘‘complicity’’ because the President, in September, is the one who committed the act of breaking that promise by saying that he was going to end the DACA Program, and he gave Congress 6 months to remedy that broken prom-ise. He threw to Congress a ticking time bomb that literally would rip apart the lives of 800,000 or 1.8 mil-lion—the numbers vary; the principle is the same. Ripping apart their lives would be the consequence. I have said it before, and I am going to say it again. Great countries do not break their promises. The United States is the greatest country in the history of the world. We should not be breaking our promises. We should not even threaten to break our promises to innocent young people, men and women who know only this country and whose whole lives are here. The President’s decision to rescind DACA threatens to tear them away from their families, their jobs, and their communities, where they make a difference for the better. It is threat-ening their lives with total disarray, forcing them to go back to countries where they barely lived and have no life. It derails their future. We are a country better than this kind of inhu-manity. I want to talk again about Jonathan Gonzales-Cruz, a college student at Southern Connecticut State Univer-sity. He is shown here, and I am behind him. He was attending a rally in sup-port of the Dreamers, but I had the privilege of meeting Jonathan well be-fore this rally. He shared his story with me, and I shared it with this Chamber in January. Jonathan was born in Mexico. He came to the United States when he was just 4 years old. The United States is his home. It is the only country he has ever known. He is set to graduate this spring with honors in economics and math after receiving a full scholarship to attend Southern Connecticut State University. Like many, due to the President’s re-cision of DACA and this Chamber’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07FE6.046 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S699 February 7, 2018 
failure to act, which is complicity, Jonathan has been compelled to delay his dream of continuing his education and attending law school. However, Jonathan hasn’t abandoned his stead-fast commitment to helping others and giving back to Connecticut and this Nation. I recently had the honor of writing a letter of recommendation on his behalf in his pursuit of a public policy fellow-ship. Despite the uncertainty around his own immigration status, Jonathan believes so much in this country and our ideals that he continues to seek out opportunities to give back. That is the purpose of his fellowship, and that is the reason I wrote a letter of rec-ommendation. He first became compelled to tell his story after his father was deported. He was unable to even say goodbye before his father was ripped away from his family. If Congress fails to act, Jonathan could lose his DACA protection. He could be one of those 800,000 who have legally told the government where they are, what they are doing, how to call them, and he could be deported—one of 800,000 who could be swept away in a mass deportation, unprecedented in this great country. In the meantime, he is anguished and anxious, as are many other DACA young people who are afraid to go to school or to health clinics or to courts or police stations if they are victims of crimes, such as domestic violence. My office meets with countless numbers of them from Connecticut and across the country. Like Jonathan, they are at risk of losing those DACA protections. They have become moms and dads and leaders in our communities. Congress must do its job. Congress must act, and it must act now to pro-vide permanent status and a path to citizenship for Jonathan and 1.3, 1.8 million Dreamers in this Nation. Due to a Federal court order, the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Serv-ices, USCIS, has been ordered to accept renewal applications for DACA recipi-ents. Once again, the courts have been a bulwark for individual rights and lib-erties, but this reprieve is no final rem-edy. We must redouble our determina-tion to assist these young people and protect them, which must be done right away because deportation is a continuing threat. President Trump’s cruel and unconscionable decision to end this program is intolerable, but so is our complicity if we fail to act. DACA protections are set to expire in less than a month. There is no more kicking the can down the road. The ticking time bomb thrown by President Trump into this Chamber is set to ex-plode. We have the power to defuse it and to end this awful menace. Refusing to do so would be a grave abdication of responsibility. Acting now in the service of the American dream is not only the right thing to do, it is in our self-interest to do so. It is in our self-interest in a basic economic sense. In reality, these young people are integral to our econ-omy. If Congress fails to pass the DACA bill, we will lose $500 billion over the next 10 years. We will lose $25 bil-lion in Medicare and Social Security taxes. In my home State alone, we stand to lose more than $300 million a year. Now is the time to abandon the myth that the Dreamers work on the side-lines of American society. They are part of the economic fabric as well as the social tapestry of this Nation. They help drive our economy. They are small business owners. They are physicians, scientists, and teachers. Continued waiting would mean instability in the job market as companies are forced to fire DACA recipients and train new people in anticipation of the March deadline. As I said before, forcing these outstanding members of our commu-nity to leave would be a logistical and humanitarian nightmare. Time is not on our side. If Congress passes a DACA bill, USCIS will need to develop new regulations. It will have to process applications. It will have to set up the bureaucratic structure and rules of procedure. We cannot delay because the Dreamers stand to lose their pro-tections simply by the passage of time. Contributing members of our society, like Jonathan, who have done nothing wrong, have no criminal record, will be dragged back into the shadows. They will be unable to attend our colleges, work in jobs. Once again, they will dread the sound of police sirens. The character of our Nation, who we are, is at stake. So many Americans re-late to the story of these Dreamers be-cause they can see themselves through their eyes. They can see their own im-migrant story in Jonathan. So many of us—my family included—came to this country with hopes for a better life and a future. Jonathan had no choice; he was brought here as a child. But the American dream belongs to him too. We must pass DACA legislation now. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECESS SUBJECT TO THE CALL OF THE CHAIR Mr. THUNE. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate stand in recess subject to the call of the Chair. There being no objection, the Senate at 7:27 p.m., recessed subject to the call of the Chair and reassembled at 11:39 p.m. when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. G
ARDNER ). The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. f 
HONORING HOMETOWN HEROES ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand that the Senate has re-ceived a message from the House to ac-company H.R. 1892. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The lead-er is correct. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move that the Chair lay before the Senate the message to accompany H.R. 1892. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the House agree to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 1892) entitled ‘‘An Act to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty.’’, with an amendment. 
MOTION TO CONCUR WITH AMENDMENT NO . 1930 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to concur in the House amend-ment to the Senate amendment, with a further amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] moves to concur in the House amend-ment to the Senate amendment with an amendment numbered 1930. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk on the motion to concur with further amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment with a further amendment to H.R. 1892, an act to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty. Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Chuck Grassley, Tom Cotton, David Perdue, Thom Tillis, James Lankford, John Kennedy, Roy Blunt, Richard C. Shelby, Lisa Murkowski, Susan M. Col-lins, Steve Daines, John Boozman, John Barrasso, James M. Inhofe, Orrin G. Hatch. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays on my motion to concur with further amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07FE6.048 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES700 February 7, 2018 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1931 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1930 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have a second-degree amendment at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 1931 to amendment No. 1930. 
The amendment is as follows: 
At the end add the following. ‘‘This Act shall take effect 1 day after the date of enactment.’’ 
MOTION TO REFER WITH AMENDMENT NO . 1932 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to refer the House message on H.R. 1892 to the Committee on Appro-priations to report back forthwith with instructions. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] moves to refer the House message to accompany H.R. 1892 to the Committee on Appropriations to report back forthwith with instructions, being amendment num-bered 1932. 
The amendment is as follows: 
At the end add the following. ‘‘This Act shall take effect 2 days after the date of enactment.’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays on my motion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1933 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have an amendment to the instruc-tions. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 1933 to the instructions of the motion to refer H.R. 1892. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘2’’ and insert ‘‘3’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays on my amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1934 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1933 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have a second-degree amendment at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 1934 to amendment No. 1933. Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘3 days’’ and insert ‘‘4 days’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory quorum call be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
OFFSHORE OIL AND GAS DRILLING Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I wish to join my colleagues in expressing my serious concern with the 5-year oil and gas leasing plan released by the Inte-rior Department that proposes opening up vast portions of U.S. waters for pos-sible oil exploration and development, including along the Atlantic seaboard and the coast of Maine. I am opposed to any effort to open waters off the coast of Maine or any proximate area to offshore drilling, which could negatively affect the health of Maine’s fisheries and other coastal resources, threatening to harm not only the environment but the State’s economy as well. The Maine lobster industry, for example, has an estimated $1.7 billion impact to the State’s economy annually, not to men-tion the many other fishing, aqua-culture, and coastal tourism industries that help to drive the State’s economy. These critical industries are dependent on Maine’s pristine waters, and even a minor spill could damage irreparably the ecosystem in the gulf of Maine and create serious economic disruption. I look forward to working with the administration to ensure that the Inte-rior Department’s plan is revised to pose no unnecessary threats to the economy and way of life in coastal Maine. 
f 
DARPA’S 60TH ANNIVERSARY Mr. REED. Mr. President, today I pay tribute to DARPA, the Defense Ad-vanced Research Projects Agency, on the 60th anniversary of its inception. After the Soviet Union launched Sput-nik I, President Eisenhower deter-mined that the United States would never again be caught off guard by technological surprise. DARPA was es-tablished to anticipate new techno-logical capabilities and pursue stra-tegic technological surprise for our military forces. DARPA works collaboratively with academic institutions, corporate and government R&D labs, and small busi-ness enterprise. While the primary focus is to discover fundamental new concepts that lead to breakthrough technologies for national security, many of DARPA’s advances also ben-efit greater society. Some well-known examples include precision-guided weapons systems with miniaturized GPS components also found on many consumer products; the internet, used initially to link DARPA with per-former partners, now widely used in commerce and every aspect of our lives; advanced antenna systems ena-bling more efficient warfighter commu-nications and satellite signal reception for consumers; new breakthroughs in robotic technology for national secu-rity applications and the development of advanced prosthetic arms for wound-ed warriors and civilians alike. The list goes on. By not accepting the parameters of what is widely accepted as the known possible, DARPA has proven that amazing achievements can be had by stretching to reach for what was once deemed impossible. In the realm of na-tional defense, DARPA has pursued new systems, including unmanned aer-ial and underwater vehicles, hypersonic flight research, and new frontiers in biomedical research. From the giant engines of the Saturn V rocket that took Americans to the Moon to the smallest microelectronics that popu-late our smartphones, DARPA has been ahead of the cutting edge of techno-logical innovation. By focusing its efforts at the bound-aries of fundamental research in phys-ics, chemistry, biology, mathematics, materials science, electronics, and en-gineering, DARPA has helped create new communities of scientists and en-gineers, both inside and beyond the traditional defense community. Along the way, new businesses and sometimes entire industries have sprung from DARPA-funded research, reflecting the Agency’s commitment to pursue its ideas all the way from initial concept to demonstration of practical feasi-bility through prototype development. DARPA programs are led by program managers who come from universities, industry, national laboratories, and other parts of government for limited postings that typically last 3 to 5 years—a time limit that helps drive the Agency’s signature sense of ur-gency. Recognizing that some revolu-tionary goals inevitably prove unachievable, DARPA carefully man-ages risk by establishing appropriate milestone procedures and redirecting or discontinuing programs when fur-ther advancement stalls. I congratulate DARPA for its many achievements over the past 60 years. The true assets that enable this kind of achievement are the men and women who work to make the visions of to-morrow become today’s reality. As DARPA moves into the future, I encourage my colleagues to join with me in recognizing this milestone and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07FE6.053 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S701 February 7, 2018 
supporting DARPA so that it can con-tinue to keep our warfighters and citi-zens at the leading edge of technology and out of harm’s way. 
f 
REMEMBERING WILLIAM J. VAN NESS Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I have come to the floor to pay tribute to William J. Van Ness, an individual who was instrumental in the matura-tion and development of Alaska as a State and who passed away last No-vember. Bill’s contributions to Alaska began in 1966 when he joined the staff of the Senate Committee on Interior and In-sular Affairs, the predecessor to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources, under the chairmanship of Senator Henry ‘‘Scoop’’ Jackson. As special counsel and later chief counsel for the committee, Bill was one of the architects of the settlement of the aboriginal land claims of Alaska Natives, the Alaska Native Claims Set-tlement Act of 1971, as well as the Trans-Alaska Pipeline Act of 1973. The enactment of these foundational laws has enabled Alaska to achieve many of the promises of our statehood. As an Alaskan, a Senator rep-resenting Alaska, and the current chairman of the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, I was saddened to learn of Bill’s passing, but am proud to help recognize his contributions to our state. I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD an essay made possible by the Henry M. Jackson Foundation, which Bill served as presi-dent of from 1988 until 2008. The essay, which appeared on HistoryLink.org, highlights many of Bill’s accomplish-ments. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
HISTORY LINK: VANNESS, WILLIAM J. ‘‘B ILL’’ J
R. (1938–2017) Seattle attorney William J. ‘‘Bill’’ Van Ness Jr. worked under U.S. Senator Henry ‘‘Scoop’’ Jackson (1912–1983) from 1966 to 1977 on the U.S. Senate Committee on Interior and Insular Affairs. He served first as special counsel and then, beginning in 1970, as chief counsel. During his tenure he drafted several pieces of key environmental legislation that became law, including the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (ANCSA) and the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act (NEPA). 
EARLY YEARS  Bill Van Ness Jr. was born on January 20, 1938, in Wolf Point, Montana, the son of Wil-liam J. Van Ness and Mary Armyda Thomas. About 1942 the family moved to Port Orchard (Kitsap County), where his father took a job at the Bremerton Naval Yard. They stayed for three years in Port Orchard, then moved to Chimacum, Washington, (Jefferson Coun-ty), a small, unincorporated community lo-cated about eight miles south of Port Town-send. Van Ness attended his early years of grade school in Port Townsend, and grad-uated from Chimacum High School in 1956. He worked full time for a couple of years to pay for college, and graduated from Bel-lingham’s Western Washington State College (now [2011] Western Washington University) in 1962 with a double major in English and Philosophy. After graduation Van Ness worked for a year, then went to law school at the University of Washington in Seattle, where he served as articles editor on the UW Law Review in his final year. In 1966 he grad-uated near the top of his class, and attracted the notice of some of his law professors, who ended up steering his career in a different di-rection than he was planning. A DIFFERENT DIRECTION  Van Ness had a Sterling fellowship to go to Yale Law School, and his goal was to get a J.S.D. in Law and become a law professor. But he first needed to get a job to pay his college bills. He was thinking of staying in Seattle, but soon got a phone call that changed it all. Evidently one or more of his law professors had spotted the young grad-uate’s potential and passed this information on to U.S. Senator Henry ‘‘Scoop’’ Jackson. Jackson had become chairman of the Sen-ate’s Committee on Interior and Insular Af-fairs (now the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources) in 1963, and now invited Van Ness to interview for a position as spe-cial counsel on the committee. Van Ness wasn’t a particular fan of politics and wasn’t particularly interested in moving to Washington, D.C., either, but he needed a job, so he took the interview. He liked what he saw in Jackson, and described his first impressions in a June 2011 interview: ‘‘He was a hell of a nice man, with an open mind, and full of common sense’’ (Phil Dougherty interview). Jackson was likewise impressed, and offered Van Ness the job. He accepted and moved with his family to the other Washington in August 1966. He found the issues and opportunities pre-sented in his new position invigorating and challenging. 
ALASKA NATIVE LAND CLAIMS  One of Van Ness’s first assignments in-volved structuring a settlement of the long-standing Alaska Native land claims. He began his research in the autumn of 1966 and soon found that there was virtually no infor-mation on who the Alaska Natives were, what their claims were, or even how many Alaska Natives there were. Realizing that far more in-depth research was necessary, he got authority to commission the Federal Field Committee for Development Planning to do a study. This committee, which had been formed to deal with reconstruction in southern Alaska after the great Alaska earthquake of 1964, prepared a comprehen-sive 565–page report in 1968 titled ‘‘Alaska Natives and the Land,’’ which addressed vir-tually all factual questions which could be asked about the Alaska Native issue. That same year oil was discovered at Prudhoe Bay, Alaska, which made settling Alaska Native land claims more urgent. Thus the timing of the committee’s report, completed late in 1968, couldn’t have been better. It became the basis for hearings and eventually shaped legislation (which Van Ness drafted and Jackson introduced into the Senate) that became known as the Alas-ka Native Claims Settlement Act (ANCSA). Congress passed the act and it was signed by President Richard Nixon (1913–1994) in De-cember 1971. ANCSA was a wide-ranging act that paid $962 million to Alaska Natives in exchange for their claims to many of their native lands. The act also transferred approxi-mately 45 million acres of federal land to 12 regional and some 200 village corporations in the state (a 13th regional corporation was later set up in Seattle to handle claims of Alaska Natives no longer living in Alaska). These corporations were formed under the act to manage the lands and to create for- profit business ventures. Since 1971 the Alas-ka Native corporations have become an im-portant part of Alaska’s economy and pro-vide thousands of jobs to Alaskans as well as millions of dollars for scholarships and cul-tural programs. In 2009 total revenues for the dozen regional corporations in Alaska were more than $7.2 billion. NATIONAL ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY ACT (NEPA)  In 1967 Van Ness took on another project which eventually became the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act, more commonly known by its acronym NEPA. Environ-mental issues were coming to the forefront in 1960s America, but they were dealt with by multiple agencies with different priorities and approaches that often arrived at con-flicting positions. Van Ness realized that there needed to be a process to identify all of the positions and then pinpoint the common goals to provide a basis for a better plan of action and better federal policy and decision- making. Jackson, along with Representative John Dingell (b. 1926) of Michigan and others, had introduced legislation in Congress in 1966 to establish an environmental policy council. Van Ness took it a step further. In 1967 he prepared a memo to Jackson that argued the need for a comprehensive national environ-mental policy, pointing out that there might be one in the future in any event. He drafted legislation that eventually became Senate Bill (S.) 1075, the template for NEPA, and added that his draft was vetted by fellow committee member Daniel Dreyfus: ‘‘He had experience that I didn’t have, and kept me grounded in reality. And he was a great crit-ic’’ (Dougherty interview). In 1968 Van Ness helped draft an additional report that out-lined the need for a uniform approach to na-tional environmental policy. With this back-ground in place, Jackson introduced S. 1075 in the Senate in February 1969. The concept of the Environmental Impact Statement (EIS), now a key component of NEPA, was introduced in April 1969 during Senate hearings on the bill. The purpose of the EIS is to require federal agencies to pro-vide analytic review of proposed major fed-eral actions that would have a significant impact on the surrounding environment. The EIS must identify and address the environ-mental impact (particularly adverse environ-mental effects) of the proposed action and examine alternatives to it. Van Ness, as-sisted by Dreyfus, drafted the EIS require-ment, which ultimately became Section 102 of NEPA. ‘‘Nobody seemed to pay much at-tention to it’’ [at the time], remarked Van Ness. ‘‘I wanted the EIS to be short enough to be easily read and understood by cabinet officers and other federal decision makers’’ (Dougherty interview). The Senate passed S. 1075 in July and re-ferred the bill to the House, which had con-ducted hearings earlier in the year on a simi-lar bill introduced by Dingell. The House passed Dingell’s bill (H.R. 12549) in Sep-tember, after which the two bills went to a joint Senate-House committee to hammer out their differences. This was accomplished in December 1969, and the House and Senate both passed the final version of the act the week before Christmas. President Richard Nixon signed NEPA into law on January 1, 1970. Today NEPA is regarded as a milestone in environmental legislation. It provides trans-parency and discipline for decision-making in a process that is open to the public. NEPA legislation has since been adopted by many states (including Washington state) as well as by other nations. 
THE ALASKA PIPELINE AND ENERGY  
CONSERVATION  Van Ness took the lead in drafting two other significant acts that were enacted in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.047 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES702 February 7, 2018 
the 1970s: the Trans-Alaska Pipeline Author-ization Act and the Energy Policy Conserva-tion Act. The Trans-Alaska Pipeline Author-ization Act resulted from the discovery of oil at Prudhoe Bay in 1968. There was plenty of oil but no reliable way to get it to the lower 48 states. Oil companies determined that the cheapest way would be to build a pipeline through Alaska from the Arctic Ocean to Valdez, where the oil could then be shipped south. Environmentalists fiercely resisted con-struction of a pipeline through Alaska. It took the 1973 Arab oil embargo and resulting gas shortages to tip the scales in favor of legislation authorizing construction. ‘‘It’s doubtful it would’ve passed if people weren’t forced to sit in long gas lines,’’ Van Ness ob-served (Dougherty interview). Even then the Senate deadlocked when the act came up for a vote, and it took a tie-breaker vote by Vice President Spiro Agnew (1918–1996) to break the deadlock. President Nixon signed the act in November 1973. The Energy Policy and Conservation Act (EPCA), introduced by Senator Jackson in February 1975, was probably the least con-troversial of the four acts discussed in this essay, and ‘‘fairly straightforward,’’ com-mented Van Ness (Dougherty interview). It passed the Senate in April, the House in Sep-tember, and President Gerald Ford (1913– 2006) signed it in December 1975. EPCA cre-ated the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, man-dated automobile fuel economy standards, and extended oil price controls until 1979. 
MOVING ON TO PRIVATE PRACTICE  By 1977, Van Ness had decided it was time for a change. He had actually considered leaving sooner: ‘‘I tried to leave numerous times to go practice law, but Scoop was very persuasive. He was a fun guy to work with— great instincts and a great mind. Every time I tried to leave he always persuaded me to stay two more years. The last time I sent him a memo and was pretty firm that it was time for me to move on’’ (Dougherty inter-view). Van Ness established the firm of Van Ness, Feldman, Curtis and Sutcliffe in 1977, partnering with three other attorneys who had also worked as counsel or chief counsel to various committees in both the House and Senate. The firm specialized in handling en-ergy, environmental, and transportation issues; one of its first clients was the Arctic Slope Regional Corporation. He also reg-istered as a lobbyist, but this was not the central focus of the firm’s work. ‘‘None of us [at the firm] wanted to be known as a lob-byist,’’ he explained. ‘‘We wanted to be known as legislative craftsmen who know the process in the House and Senate and can achieve substantive results’’ (Dougherty interview). Curtis and Sutcliffe eventually moved on, but Howard Feldman remained with the firm, which became known as Van Ness Feldman. In 1988 Van Ness returned to Seattle, open-ing an office of the firm in the Emerald City the following year. Also in 1988 he became president of the Henry M. Jackson Founda-tion, a position he held until 2008. The foun-dation, formed in 1983 after Jackson’s sudden death, makes grants and develops initiatives in four areas reflecting issues that Jackson was involved in during his years in Congress: international affairs education, environ-mental and natural resource management, human rights, and public service. Since it was established, the foundation has com-mitted more than $22 million to nonprofit or-ganizations and educational institutions in both the United States and Russia. Van Ness also served on the Board of Di-rectors for the University of Washington Medical School for nine years, during a time that the U.S. Department of Justice brought litigation against the UW, alleging massive billing fraud in overbilling government in-surance programs such as Medicare and Med-icaid. In 2004 the UW and the Department of Justice agreed to a $35 million settlement, but the story remained hot in the press. Later that year the UW Medicine Board named Van Ness head of a committee to re-view the weaknesses that led to the billing problems and to make recommendations to prevent a recurrence. ‘‘The committee’s re-view was thorough, frank and, in some in-stances, scathing,’’ reported The Seattle Times when the report came out in 2005. ‘‘But it put the issue to bed,’’ concluded Van Ness (Dougherty interview). Van Ness married Patricia ‘‘Pat’’ O’Meara (b. 1940) in 1959 and they had four children: Tamara, Keith, Douglas, and Justin. Into his seventies Van Ness went into his law office several days a week and worked from home as needed. When not working he enjoyed spending time at his beach cabin on Marrowstone Island in Jefferson County with his grandchildren, gardening, wood-carving, and fishing in Alaska. Bill Van Ness died on November 22, 2017, at age 79. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I join my colleague from Alaska today in honoring Bill Van Ness. Chairman M
URKOWSKI has identified some of the significant contributions that Bill made to Alaska and Alaskans. I would like to focus specifically on one of those contributions, the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act or ANCSA, and the role that law has played in improv-ing the lives of Alaska’s Native people. Through ANCSA, the State of Alaska, the Federal Government, and the Alas-ka Native community reached a settle-ment regarding aboriginal claims to lands and resources throughout the State. Alaska Natives set aside those claims in exchange for nearly $1 billion and the right to select approximately 45 million acres of land. Bill’s creativity is evident in the manner in which ANCSA addressed the fundamental question of how to ensure that the thousands of individual Alas-ka Natives received their fair share of the settlement funds and lands. To an-swer that question, ANCSA authorized the creation of corporations, in which Alaska Natives are the sole share-holders, to receive the funds and hold title to the selected lands. For the most part, this corporate structure has proved to be very beneficial to the Alaska Native shareholders and to the State of Alaska. In this regard, I point to the Arctic Slope Regional Corporation, ASRC, which is owned by Alaska Native peo-ple who have inhabited the North Slope of Alaska for thousands of years. With strong leadership from its share-holders, officers, and board members, ASRC has grown into a multibillion dollar enterprise that is Alaska’s larg-est domestic company and that pro-vides dividends to its nearly 13,000 Alaska Native shareholder, as well as many jobs to shareholders and other Alaskans. Bill Van Ness’s contribu-tions as an author of ANCSA and later as a private attorney representing ASRC were keys to ASRC’s success story. MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 11:32 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: H.R. 219. An act to correct the Swan Lake hydroelectric project survey boundary and to provide for the conveyance of the remaining tract of land within the corrected survey boundary to the State of Alaska. H.R. 772. An act to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to improve and clarify certain disclosure requirements for restaurants and similar retail food estab-lishments, and to amend the authority to bring proceedings under section 403A. H.R. 4924. An act to amend the Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995 to reform the procedures provided under such Act for the initiation, investigation, and resolution of claims alleging that employing offices of the legislative branch have violated the rights and protections provided to their em-ployees under such Act, including protec-tions against sexual harassment, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the House has agreed to the following con-current resolutions, in which it re-quests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 102. Concurrent resolution au-thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for an event to celebrate the 200th anniversary of the birth of Frederick Douglass. H. Con. Res. 104. Concurrent resolution providing for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 1892. 
The message further announced that the House has agreed to the amend-ment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 1892) to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty, with an amendment, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
The President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ) announced that on today, Feb-ruary 7, 2018, he has signed the fol-lowing enrolled bill, which was pre-viously signed by the Speaker of the House: 
S. 534. An act to prevent the sexual abuse of minors and amateur athletes by requiring the prompt reporting of sexual abuse to law enforcement authorities, and for other pur-poses. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bill was read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 4924. An act to amend the Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995 to reform the procedures provided under such Act for the initiation, investigation, and resolution of claims alleging that employing offices of the legislative branch have violated the rights and protections provided to their em-ployees under such Act, including protec-tions against sexual harassment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.052 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S703 February 7, 2018 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 219. An act to correct the Swan Lake hydroelectric project survey boundary and to provide for the conveyance of the remaining tract of land within the corrected survey boundary to the State of Alaska. 
ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED  
The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, February 7, 2018, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 534. An act to prevent the sexual abuse of minors and amateur athletes by requiring the prompt reporting of sexual abuse to law enforcement authorities, and for other pur-poses. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. CORKER for the Committee on Foreign Relations. *Peter Hendrick Vrooman, of New York, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Serv-ice, Class of Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Rwanda. Nominee: Peter Hendrick Vrooman. Post: Kigali, Rwanda. The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate. Contribution, Amount, Date, and Donee: 1. Self: none. 2. Spouse: Johnette Stubbs: none. 3. Children and Spouses: Zarah Vrooman Hendrick Vrooman: none. 4. Parents: Sally Eaton Vrooman: none; David H. Vrooman, Jr.: deceased. 5. Grandparents: Dorothy Vrooman; David H. Vrooman, Sr.; Frances B. Eaton; Donald Eaton: all deceased. 6. Brothers and Spouses: (Jill Locke, sis-ter-in-law): $100, 9/2/2014, Claire Snyder Hall; Eric D. Vrooman: none; Bruce M. Vrooman: none. 7. Sisters and Spouses: n/a. *Eric M. Ueland, of Oregon, to be an Under Secretary of State (Management). By Mr. BARRASSO for the Committee on Environment and Public Works. *Andrew Wheeler, of Virginia, to be Deputy Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–164. A joint resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Alaska making application to the United States Congress to call a convention of the states to propose a countermand amendment to the United States Constitution as provided under Arti-cle V; and urging the legislatures of the other 49 states to make the same applica-tion; to the Committee on the Judiciary. LEGISLATIVE RESOLVE NO. 49 Whereas, the state’s sovereignty has been infringed on by the federal government, in-cluding by the federal government’s recent denial of and refusal to work with state offi-cials on the construction of a lifesaving road from King Cove to Cold Bay; and Whereas, the state’s right and duty to pro-vide for the use, development, and conserva-tion of natural resources for the maximum benefit of the people has been continually in-fringed on by various federal agencies; and Whereas, the United States Congress has, at times, exceeded its delegated powers, the President of the United States has, at times, exceeded the constitutional authority of the office of the President of the United States, and the federal courts have, at times, exceed-ed their authority by issuing decisions on public policy matters reserved to the states in violation of the principles of federalism and separation of powers, all of which have adversely affected the state and its people; and Whereas, under the authority of art. V, Constitution of the United States, the sev-eral states should apply to the United States Congress to call a convention of the states to amend the United States Constitution and adopt a countermand amendment to author-ize the states, upon a vote of three-fifths of the state legislatures, to nullify and repeal a federal statute, executive order, judicial de-cision, regulatory decision by a federal gov-ernment agency, or government mandate im-posed on the states by law that adversely af-fects the interests of the states, in order to properly exercise the states’ constitutional authority to check federal power, preserve state sovereignty, and protect the rights of the states and the people; and Whereas, the states have the authority to define and limit the agenda of a convention to a single-issue ‘‘countermand amendment convention’’ called for by the states as pro-vided under art. V, Constitution of the United States; and Whereas, the delegates sent by the states to a countermand amendment convention shall have the limited authority to delib-erate on and decide whether the counter-mand amendment, as preapproved by state legislatures, should be sent back to the state legislatures for ratification: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That, under art. V, Constitution of the United States, the Alaska State Legis-lature directs the United States Congress to call a single-issue convention of the states, called a ‘‘countermand amendment conven-tion,’’ for the sole purpose of deciding wheth-er the proposed countermand amendment should be sent back to the state legislatures for ratification; and be it further Resolved, That the Alaska State Legisla-ture directs the United States Congress to convene the countermand amendment con-vention within 60 days after the date it re-ceives the 34th call for that convention from state legislatures; and be it further Resolved, That this application constitutes a continuing application in accordance with art. V, Constitution of the United States, until at least two-thirds of the legislatures of the several states have applied for a simi-lar convention of the states; and be it fur-ther Resolved, that the Alaska State Legislature urges the legislatures of the other 49 states to apply to the United States Congress to call a single-issue countermand amendment convention of the states under art. V, Con-stitution of the United States. Copies of this resolution shall be sent to the Honorable Barack Obama, President of the United States; the Honorable Joseph R. Biden, Jr., Vice President of the United States and President of the U.S. Senate; the Honorable Paul D. Ryan, Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives; the Honorable Mitch McConnell, Majority Leader of the U.S. Senate; the Honorable Julie E. Adams, Secretary of the U.S. Senate; the Honorable Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the U.S. House of Representatives; the Honorable Lisa Mur-kowski and the Honorable Dan Sullivan, U.S. Senators, and the Honorable Don Young, U.S. Representative, members of the Alaska delegation in Congress; and the presiding of-ficers of the legislatures of each of the other 49 states. 
POM–165. A resolution adopted by the Mu-nicipal Legislature of Anasco, Puerto Rico opposing the Fair Tax Act of 2017 (H.R. 25); to the Committee on Finance. 
POM–166. A petition from a citizen of the State of Texas relative to term limits for Federal judges; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, without amendment: S. 1621. A bill to require the Federal Com-munications Commission to establish a methodology for the collection by the Com-mission of information about commercial mobile service and commercial mobile data service, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–206). f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mrs. CAPITO (for herself, Ms. S TA-
BENOW , Mr. W ICKER , and Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ): S. 2387. A bill to provide better care and outcomes for Americans living with Alz-heimer’s disease and related dementias and their caregivers while accelerating progress toward prevention strategies, disease modi-fying treatments, and, ultimately, a cure; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. SANDERS (for himself, Ms. H
ARRIS , Mr. M ARKEY , and Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND ): S. 2388. A bill to amend the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 to provide for consultation with State, tribal, and local governments, the consideration of State, tribal, and local con-cerns, and the approval of post-shutdown de-commissioning activities reports by the Nu-clear Regulatory Commission; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. TOOMEY (for himself, Mr. C
OT-
TON, Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. C RUZ): S. 2389. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to require the impaneling of a new jury if a jury fails to recommend by unanimous vote a sentence for conviction of a crime punishable by death; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself, Ms. S
MITH, Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and Mr. K
AINE): S. 2390. A bill to amend the Workforce In-novation and Opportunity Act to support 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.005 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES704 February 7, 2018 
community college and industry partner-ships, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. COTTON (for himself, Mr. C
OR-
NYN, and Mr. R UBIO): S. 2391. A bill to prohibit the United States Government from using or contracting with an entity that uses certain telecommuni-cations services or equipment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. DAINES: S. 2392. A bill to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to authorize the Secretary of Homeland Security to designate cyberse-curity technologies that qualify for protec-tion under systems of risk and litigation management; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. K
EN-
NEDY , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. C ORKER , and Mr. B
OOKER ): S. 2393. A bill to amend title 17, United States Code, to provide Federal protection to the digital audio transmission of a sound re-cording fixed before February 15, 1972, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HATCH: S. 2394. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that public insti-tutions of higher education protect expres-sive activities in the outdoor areas on cam-pus; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mr. C
AS-
SIDY, and Mr. R EED): S. 2395. A bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to authorize the provision of technical assistance under the Preserve America Program and to direct the Sec-retary of the Interior to enter into partner-ships with communities adjacent to units of the National Park System to leverage local cultural heritage tourism assets; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Ms. HARRIS (for herself, Mr. S
AND-
ERS, Mr. M ARKEY , and Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND ): S. 2396. A bill to amend the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 to prohibit certain waivers and exemptions from emergency preparedness and response and security regulations; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Ms. HASSAN: S. 2397. A bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a data framework to provide access for appropriate personnel to law enforcement and other in-formation of the Department, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. HOEVEN: S. 2398. A bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to provide that activities relat-ing to the training and readiness of the re-serve components of the Armed Forces dur-ing a lapse in appropriations shall constitute voluntary services that may be accepted by the United States; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. MURPHY: S. 2399. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of American innovation and significant innova-tion and pioneering efforts of individuals or groups from each of the 50 States, the Dis-trict of Columbia, and the United States ter-ritories, to promote the importance of inno-vation in the United States, the District of Columbia, and the United States territories, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mrs. M
CCASKILL (for herself and Mr. J
OHNSON ): S. 2400. A bill to eliminate or modify cer-tain audit mandates of the Government Ac-countability Office; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Mr. GRASSLEY: S. 2401. A bill to amend the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 to reform the pro-cedures provided under such Act for the ini-tiation, investigation, and resolution of claims alleging that employing offices of the legislative branch have violated the rights and protections provided to their employees under such Act, including protections against sexual harassment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. f SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. B ENNET , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Mr. G
ARDNER ): S. Res. 395. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that ambush marketing adversely affects the United States Olympic and Paralympic teams; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mrs. E
RNST , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Mr. S ANDERS , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. T ILLIS , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. I
SAKSON , Mr. S COTT, Mr. D AINES , Ms. S
MITH, and Mr. B URR): S. Res. 396. A resolution to establish a spe-cial committee of the Senate to address sex-ual abuse within United States Olympic Gymnastics; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. W
YDEN , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. C
OONS , Ms. C ANTWELL , Ms. H ASSAN , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. K ING, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. C
ASEY , and Mr. I SAKSON ): S. Res. 397. A resolution designating the week of February 5 through February 9, 2018, as ‘‘National School Counseling Week’’; con-sidered and agreed to. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. N ELSON , Ms. C OLLINS , Ms. W
ARREN , and Mr. D URBIN ): S. Res. 398. A resolution supporting the ob-servation of ‘‘National Girls & Women in Sports Day’’ on February 7, 2018, to raise awareness of and celebrate the achievements of girls and women in sports; considered and agreed to. By Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ): S. Res. 399. A resolution congratulating the Philadelphia Eagles on their triumph in Super Bowl LII; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 294 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 294, a bill to amend the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to clarify the Food and Drug Administra-tion’s jurisdiction over certain tobacco products, and to protect jobs and small businesses involved in the sale, manu-facturing and distribution of tradi-tional and premium cigars. 
S. 339 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. JONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 339, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the re-quirement for reduction of survivor an-nuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and in-demnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 732 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 732, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a refundable tax credit against income tax for the purchase of qualified access technology for the blind. 
S. 819 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 819, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide more effective remedies to victims of discrimination in the payment of wages on the basis of sex, and for other purposes. 
S. 1027 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ), the Senator from Michi-gan (Mr. P
ETERS ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) were added as cosponsors of S. 1027, a bill to extend the Secure Rural Schools and Commu-nity Self-Determination Act of 2000. 
S. 1161 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1161, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to eliminate copayments by the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for medicines relating to preventative health serv-ices, and for other purposes. 
S. 1352 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1352, a bill to establish a tax credit for on-site apprenticeship pro-grams, and for other purposes. 
S. 1361 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1361, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to allow physi-cian assistants, nurse practitioners, and clinical nurse specialists to super-vise cardiac, intensive cardiac, and pul-monary rehabilitation programs. 
S. 1652 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1652, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 and the Portal-to-Portal Act of 1947 to prevent wage theft and assist in the recovery of stolen wages, to authorize the Sec-retary of Labor to administer grants to prevent wage and hour violations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1808 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.012 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S705 February 7, 2018 
(Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1808, a bill to extend tem-porarily the Federal Perkins Loan pro-gram, and for other purposes. 
S. 1917 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ), the Sen-ator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ), the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1917, a bill to reform sentencing laws and correctional institutions, and for other purposes. 
S. 2174 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2174, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to conduct a study on the Veterans Crisis Line. 
S. 2214 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) and the Senator from Kan-sas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2214, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the recognition of attend-ing physician assistants as attending physicians to serve hospice patients, and for other purposes. 
S. 2295 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2295, a bill to increase the rates of pay under the General Schedule and other statutory pay systems and for pre-vailing rate employees by 3.0 percent, and for other purposes. 
S. 2335 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2335, a bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Ag-riculture to issue permits for recre-ation services on lands managed by Federal agencies, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2360 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) and the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2360, a bill to provide for the minimum size of crews of freight trains, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2364 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ), the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. C
APITO ), the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) and the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2364, a bill to amend the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 to provide to State infrastructure financ-ing authorities additional opportuni-ties to receive loans under that Act to support drinking water and clean water State revolving funds to deliver water infrastructure to communities across the United States, and for other pur-poses. f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. DAINES: S. 2392. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Secretary of Homeland Security to des-ignate cybersecurity technologies that qualify for protection under systems of risk and litigation management; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, in recent years we have seen the inability of the Federal government to quickly adapt to changing technology and evolving cyber security threats. In June of 2015 the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) announced it had fallen victim to a major cyber breach, compromising the personally identifiable information of more than 22 million current and former Federal employees, including myself. Seven months later, nearly half a million more Americans had their so-cial security numbers stolen when the Internal Revenue Service was hacked. We found out last year that the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission had been hacked in 2016. I spent 28 years in the private sector, 12 years with a global cloud computing company. We faced new cyber threats daily and our customers expected secu-rity. We delivered, not once was our data compromised. I know firsthand that industry has the talent and the incentive to revolu-tionize cyber security and keep their information systems secure. The Fed-eral government should unbridle the private sector whenever possible, uti-lizing their expertise, learning from their best practices, and facilitating their innovation. That is why I am introducing the Cyber Support for Anti-Terrorism by Fostering Effective Technologies Act or the Cyber SAFETY Act. Since 2002, the Department of Homeland Secu-rity’s existing SAFETY Act program has successfully incentivized the pri-vate sector’s development and deploy-ment of anti-terrorism and security technologies through limited liability protections. It has ensured the threat of litigation does not deter entre-preneurs from developing and commer-cializing products and services that protect lives and infrastructure. This legislation will simply expand the ap-plicability of the program to ensure that cyber security firms can qualify for these same protections. It will en-able cyber security firms to innovate and commercialize new technologies without a technology mandate. I ask my Senate colleagues to join me in support of this important legisla-tion. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
S. 2392 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Cyber Sup-port for Anti-Terrorism by Fostering Effec-tive Technologies Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘Cyber SAFETY Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. INCLUSION OF QUALIFYING CYBER INCI-DENTS. 
Subtitle G of title VIII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 441 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 862(b) (6 U.S.C. 441(b))— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘D
ESIGNA -
TION OF QUALIFIED ANTI-TERRORISM TECH-
NOLOGIES ’’ and inserting ‘‘D ESIGNATION OF  A
NTI-TERRORISM AND CYBERSECURITY TECH-
NOLOGIES ’’; (B) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘or cybersecurity’’ after ‘‘anti- terrorism’’; (C) in paragraphs (3), (4), and (5), by insert-ing ‘‘or cybersecurity’’ after ‘‘anti-ter-rorism’’ each place that term appears; and (D) in paragraph (7)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or cybersecurity’’ after ‘‘Anti-terrorism’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or qualifying cyber inci-dents’’ after ‘‘acts of terrorism’’; (2) in section 863 (6 U.S.C. 442)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or cybersecurity’’ after ‘‘anti-terrorism’’ each place that term ap-pears; (B) by inserting ‘‘or qualifying cyber inci-dent’’ after ‘‘act of terrorism’’ each place that term appears; (C) by inserting ‘‘or qualifying cyber inci-dents’’ after ‘‘acts of terrorism’’ each place that term appears; and (D) in subsection (d)(3)— (i) by striking ‘‘(3) C
ERTIFICATE .—’’ and in- serting the following: ‘‘(3) C
ERTIFICATES .— ‘‘(A) C
ERTIFICATES FOR ANTI -TERRORISM  
TECHNOLOGIES .—’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) C
ERTIFICATES FOR CYBERSECURITY  
TECHNOLOGIES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For cybersecurity tech-nology reviewed and approved by the Sec-retary, the Secretary will issue a certificate of conformance to the Seller and place the cybersecurity technology on an Approved Product List for Homeland Security. ‘‘(ii) S
UBSEQUENT REVIEW .—Not less fre-quently than once every 2 years, the Sec-retary shall conduct a new review of any cy-bersecurity technology for which the Sec-retary issued a certification under clause (i).’’; (3) in section 864 (6 U.S.C. 443)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or cybersecurity’’ after ‘‘anti-terrorism’’ each place that term ap-pears; and (B) by inserting ‘‘or qualifying cyber inci-dent’’ after ‘‘act of terrorism’’ each place that term appears; and (4) in section 865 (6 U.S.C. 444)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘
OR CYBER -
SECURITY ’’ after ‘‘ ANTI-TERRORISM ’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘or cybersecurity’’ after ‘‘anti-terrorism’’; (iii) by inserting ‘‘or qualifying cyber inci-dents’’ after ‘‘acts of terrorism’’; and (iv) by inserting ‘‘or incidents’’ after ‘‘such acts’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) Q
UALIFYING CYBER INCIDENT .—The term ‘qualifying cyber incident’ has the meaning given the term ‘incident’ in section 3552(b) of title 44, United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.015 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES706 February 7, 2018 
‘‘(8) F INAL AGENCY ACTION .—The determina-tion by the Secretary that an act of ter-rorism or qualifying cyber incident has oc-curred shall constitute a final agency action subject to review under chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code.’’. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY: S. 2401. A bill to amend the Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995 to re-form the procedures provided under such Act for the initiation, investiga-tion, and resolution of claims alleging that employing offices of the legisla-tive branch have violated the rights and protections provided to their em-ployees under such Act, including pro-tections against sexual harassment, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, two decades ago, I championed passage of the Congressional Accountability Act. It was the first piece of legislation passed by the 104th Congress and the first time in history that Congressional employees enjoyed any legal protec-tions relating to harassment and dis-crimination. Today, I am introducing a measure to update and improve this landmark legislation. I call on my colleagues to support these proposed reforms, which already have passed the House of Rep-resentatives. Doing so will promote greater transparency, accountability, and an improved work climate in the halls of Congress. For decades before the enactment of the original Congressional Account-ability Act, our branch of government adopted legislation setting workplace safety, civil rights, labor and health policies that directly impacted workers and employers in our hometown com-munities. Until 1995, Congress was ex-empt from these Federal laws, which meant that Congressional staff enjoyed none of the employment protections that applied to private sector and exec-utive branch employees. Because Members of Congress are elected to represent the people, it seemed to me rather disingenuous that the people’s branch had authored laws that applied to the men and women on Main Street but didn’t apply to the members of Congress who wrote them. Why shouldn’t Congress be held to the same set of standards as everyone else? That’s what prompted me to cham-pion the development of the original, bipartisan Congressional Account-ability Act. My initial good government effort wasn’t met with open arms on Capitol Hill. It took tremendous effort and half a dozen years to secure enough support to pass these reforms. The Congres-sional Accountability Act finally passed when Republicans gained major-ity control of both houses of Congress for the first time in four decades. President Bill Clinton signed this legis-lation on January 23, 1995. The Federal legislative branch em-ploys tens of thousands of workers on Capitol Hill, in state offices around the country, and in associated offices, such as the Capitol Police. Thanks to the Congressional Accountability Act, these legislative employees are covered by over a dozen Federal workplace laws, including provisions that man-date minimum wage and regulate over-time; make accommodations for work-ers with disabilities; spell out anti-dis-criminatory policies for workers based on race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or military serv-ice; guarantee family and medical leave; require hazard-free workplaces; clarify collective bargaining rights for union members; and explain rules about lie detector tests for employees. The legislation I’m introducing today makes significant reforms, in three areas, to the Congressional Account-ability Act (CAA). The purpose of these reforms is to enhance transparency, en-sure accountability, and promote a more respectful work climate in both chambers of Congress. First, this legislation would stream-line and enhance the dispute resolution process for Congressional staff and in-terns. For example, it would enable Congressional employees to have ac-cess to an advocate who can offer as-sistance in proceedings before the Con-gressional Office of Compliance. It would require that every Congressional office adopt an anti-harassment policy. It would make it optional, not manda-tory, for staffers complaining of har-assment to engage in mediation. And it would institute a periodic survey of employees to assess attitudes about harassment in Congress. Second, this legislation would make Congressional lawmakers personally liable for their harassment of employ-ees and interns. It imposes a 90-day deadline by which Congressional law-makers must reimburse the Treasury for awards or settlements of harass-ment claims. It bars the use of official House or Senate funds to cover a set-tlement of a harassment claim. It also ensures the automatic referral of har-assment claims against a lawmaker to the Ethics Committee. Third, and finally, this measure would increase public transparency of Congressional settlement awards. It does so by ensuring that detailed infor-mation on awards and settlements will be reported twice a year and posted on-line. These reforms are overdue, and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the immediate passage of the Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995 Re-form Act. I also want to take this op-portunity to thank Congressman G
REGG HARPER for introducing and championing the passage of very simi-lar legislation in the House of Rep-resentatives earlier this week. SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS SENATE RESOLUTION 395—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT AMBUSH MAR-KETING ADVERSELY AFFECTS THE UNITED STATES OLYMPIC AND PARALYMPIC TEAMS Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. B
ENNET , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted the following res-olution; which was referred to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
S. R ES. 395 Whereas the 2018 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games will occur on February 9, 2018, through February 25, 2018, and March 9, 2018, through March 18, 2018, respectively, in PyeongChang, South Korea; Whereas approximately 3,000 athletes rep-resenting 90 nations across 7 sports are ex-pected at the Olympic Winter Games PyeongChang 2018 and 670 athletes rep-resenting approximately 45 nations across 5 sports at the Paralympic Winter Games PyeongChang 2018; Whereas American athletes have spent countless days, months, and years training to earn a spot on the United States Olympic or Paralympic teams; Whereas the Ted Stevens Olympic and Amateur Sports Act (36 U.S.C. 220501 et seq.)— (1) established the United States Olympic Committee as the coordinating body for all Olympic and Paralympic athletic activity in the United States; (2) gave the United States Olympic Com-mittee the exclusive right in the United States to use the words ‘‘Olympic’’, ‘‘Olym-piad’’, ‘‘Paralympic’’, and ‘‘Paralympiad’’, the emblem of the United States Olympic Committee, and the symbols of the Inter-national Olympic Committee and the Inter-national Paralympic Committee; and (3) empowered the United States Olympic Committee to authorize sponsors that con-tribute to the United States Olympic or Paralympic teams to use any trademark, symbol, insignia, or emblem of the Inter-national Olympic Committee, the Inter-national Paralympic Committee, the Pan- American Sports Organization, or the United States Olympic Committee; Whereas Team USA is significantly funded by 35 sponsors who ensure that the United States has the best Olympic and Paralympic teams possible; Whereas in recent years, a number of enti-ties in the United States have engaged in marketing strategies that appear to affiliate themselves with the Olympic and Paralympic Games without becoming official sponsors of Team USA; Whereas any ambush marketing in viola-tion of the Lanham Act (15 U.S.C. 1051 et seq.) undermines sponsorship activities and creates consumer confusion around official Olympic and Paralympic sponsors; and Whereas ambush marketing impedes the goals of the Ted Stevens Olympic and Ama-teur Sports Act (36 U.S.C. 220501 et seq.) to fund the United States Olympic and Paralympic teams through official sponsor-ships: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate that— (1) official sponsor support is critical to the success of Team USA at all international competitions; and (2) ambush marketing adversely affects the United States Olympic and Paralympic teams and their ability to attract and retain corporate sponsorships. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.020 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S707 February 7, 2018 
SENATE RESOLUTION 396—TO ES-TABLISH A SPECIAL COMMITTEE OF THE SENATE TO ADDRESS SEXUAL ABUSE WITHIN UNITED STATES OLYMPIC GYMNASTICS Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mrs. E
RNST , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Mr. S ANDERS , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. T ILLIS , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. S
COTT, Mr. D AINES , Ms. S MITH, and Mr. B
URR) submitted the following res-olution; which was referred to the Committee on Rules and Administra-tion: 
S. R ES. 396 Resolved, 
SECTION 1. ESTABLISHMENT OF THE SPECIAL COMMITTEE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established a special committee of the Senate to be known as the Special Committee to Investigate Sex-ual Abuse Within United States Olympic Gymnastics (hereafter in this resolution re-ferred to as the ‘‘special committee’’). (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the special committee is— (1) to investigate the United States Olym-pic Committee and national sports governing bodies, including USA Gymnastics, and de-termine the extent to which these organiza-tions were complicit in the criminal or neg-ligent behavior of their employees relating to sexual abuse; (2) to identify and recommend solutions to the systemic failures at the United States Olympic Committee and national sports gov-erning bodies, including USA Gymnastics, that allowed for pervasive sexual abuse to continue for decades; (3) to identify actions that must be taken by the United States Olympic Committee and national sports governing bodies, includ-ing USA Gymnastics, to ensure increased transparency and protections for children, athletes, and their families; (4) to make such findings of fact as are warranted and appropriate; and (5) to make such recommendations, includ-ing recommendations for new legislation and amendments to existing laws and any admin-istrative or other actions, as the special committee may determine to be necessary or desirable. (c) L
IMITATION .—No proposed legislation shall be referred to the special committee, and the special committee shall not have power to report by bill or otherwise have leg-islative jurisdiction. (d) T
REATMENT AS STANDING COMMITTEE .— For purposes of paragraphs 1, 2, 7(a)(1), 7(a)(2), and 10(a) of rule XXVI and rule XXVII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and sub-sections (i) and (j) of section 202 of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301), the special committee shall be treated as a standing committee of the Senate. 
SEC. 2. MEMBERSHIP AND ORGANIZATION OF THE SPECIAL COMMITTEE. 
(a) M EMBERSHIP .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The special committee shall consist of 8 members of the Senate, of whom— (A) 4 shall be appointed by the President pro tempore of the Senate from the majority party of the Senate upon the recommenda-tion of the Majority Leader of the Senate; and (B) 4 shall be appointed by the President pro tempore of the Senate from the minority party of the Senate upon the recommenda-tion of the Minority Leader of the Senate. (2) C
OMPOSITION .—Not less than 4 of the members appointed under paragraph (1) shall be women. (3) VACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the mem-bership of the special committee shall— (A) not affect the authority of the remain-ing members to execute the functions of the special committee; and (B) be filled in the same manner as original appointments to the special committee are made. (4) S
ERVICE .—For the purpose of paragraph 4 of rule XXV of the Standing Rules of the Senate, service of a Senator as a member, chair, or vice chair of the special committee shall not be taken into account. (b) C
HAIR AND VICECHAIR.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The chair of the special committee shall be selected by the Majority Leader of the Senate and the vice chair of the special committee shall be selected by the Minority Leader of the Senate. (2) V
ICE CHAIR DUTIES .—The vice chair shall discharge such responsibilities as the special committee or the chair may assign. 
SEC. 3. AUTHORITY OF SPECIAL COMMITTEE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For the purposes of this resolution, the special committee may— (1) make expenditures from the contingent fund of the Senate; (2) employ personnel; (3) hold hearings; (4) sit and act at any time or place during the sessions, recesses, and adjourned periods of the Senate; (5) require, by subpoena or otherwise, the attendance of witnesses and the production of correspondence, books, papers, and docu-ments; (6) take depositions and other testimony; (7) issue interim reports, as necessary; (8) procure the services of individual con-sultations or organizations thereof in ac-cordance with the provisions of section 202(i) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i)); and (9) with the prior consent of the Federal department or agency concerned and the Committee on Rules and Administration, use on a nonreimbursable basis the services of personnel of the Federal department or agen-cy. (b) O
ATHS FOR WITNESSES .—The chair or any member of the special committee may administer oaths to witnesses. (c) S
UBPOENAS .—A subpoena authorized by the special committee may be— (1) issued over the signature of— (A) the chair after consultation with the vice chair; or (B) any member of the special committee designated by the chair after consultation with the vice chair; and (2) served by any person designated by the chair or the member signing the subpoena. (d) A
CCESS OF MEMBERS TO INFORMATION .— Each member of the special committee shall have equal and unimpeded access to informa-tion collected or otherwise obtained by the special committee. 
SEC. 4. REPORT AND TERMINATION. 
(a) R EPORT .—The special committee shall report the findings of the special committee, together with such recommendations as the special committee deems advisable, to the Senate not later than the last day of the first session of the 116th Congress. (b) R
ECORDS .—Upon termination of the spe-cial committee, all records, files, documents, and other materials in the possession, cus-tody, or control of the special committee shall be transferred to the Secretary of the Senate under appropriate conditions estab-lished by the special committee, including conditions to protect information under the HIPAA privacy and security law, as defined in section 3009(a) of the Public Health Serv-ice Act (42 U.S.C. 300jj–19(a)). 
SEC. 5. FUNDING. 
From the date on which this resolution is agreed to through the termination of the special committee, the special committee shall use such funds as necessary to carry out the duties of the special committee. f SENATE RESOLUTION 397—DESIG-NATING THE WEEK OF FEB-RUARY 5 THROUGH FEBRUARY 9, 2018, AS ‘‘NATIONAL SCHOOL COUNSELING WEEK’’ Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. W
YDEN , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. C OONS , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Ms. H ASSAN , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. K ING, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. C ASEY , and Mr. I
SAKSON ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 397 Whereas the American School Counselor Association has designated February 5 through 9, 2018, as ‘‘National School Coun-seling Week’’; Whereas school counselors have long advo-cated for equal opportunities for all stu-dents; Whereas school counselors help develop well-rounded students by guiding students through academic, social and emotional, and career development; Whereas personal and social growth results in increased academic achievement; Whereas school counselors play a vital role in ensuring that students are ready for both college and careers; Whereas school counselors play a vital role in making students aware of opportunities for financial aid and college scholarships; Whereas school counselors assist with and coordinate efforts to foster a positive school climate, resulting in a safer learning envi-ronment for all students; Whereas school counselors have been in-strumental in helping students, teachers, and parents deal with personal trauma as well as tragedies in their communities and the United States; Whereas students face myriad challenges every day, including peer pressure, bullying, mental health issues, the deployment of fam-ily members to serve in conflicts overseas, and school violence; Whereas a school counselor is one of the few professionals in a school building who is trained in both education and social and emotional development; Whereas the roles and responsibilities of school counselors are often misunderstood; Whereas the school counselor position is often among the first to be eliminated to meet budgetary constraints; Whereas the national average ratio of stu-dents to school counselors is 482 to 1, almost twice the 250 to 1 ratio recommended by the American School Counselor Association, the National Association for College Admission Counseling, and other organizations; and Whereas the celebration of National School Counseling Week will increase aware-ness of the important and necessary role school counselors play in the lives of stu-dents in the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the week of February 5 through 9, 2018, as ‘‘National School Coun-seling Week’’; and (2) encourages the people of the United States to observe National School Coun-seling Week with appropriate ceremonies and activities that promote awareness of the role school counselors play in schools and the community at large in preparing stu-dents for fulfilling lives as contributing members of society. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.024 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES708 February 7, 2018 
SENATE RESOLUTION 398—SUP-PORTING THE OBSERVATION OF ‘‘NATIONAL GIRLS & WOMEN IN SPORTS DAY’’ ON FEBRUARY 7, 2018, TO RAISE AWARENESS OF AND CELEBRATE THE ACHIEVE-MENTS OF GIRLS AND WOMEN IN SPORTS Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. N ELSON , Ms. C OLLINS , Ms. W
ARREN , and Mr. D URBIN ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 398 Whereas athletic participation helps de-velop self-discipline, initiative, confidence, and leadership skills, and opportunities for athletic participation should be available to all individuals; Whereas, because the people of the United States remain committed to protecting equality, it is imperative to eliminate the existing disparities between male and female youth athletic programs; Whereas the share of athletic participation opportunities of high school girls has in-creased more than sixfold since the passage of title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 (20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘title IX’’), but high school girls still experience— (1) a lower share of athletic participation opportunities than high school boys; and (2) a lower level of athletic participation opportunities than high school boys enjoyed almost 50 years ago; Whereas female participation in college sports has nearly tripled since the passage of title IX, but female college athletes still only comprise 44 percent of the total colle-giate athlete population; Whereas, in 1972, women coached more than 90 percent of collegiate women’s teams, but now women coach less than 50 percent of all collegiate women teams, and there is a need to restore women to those positions to ensure fair representation and provide role models for young female athletes; Whereas the long history of women in sports in the United States— (1) features many contributions made by female athletes that have enriched the na-tional life of the United States; and (2) includes inspiring figures, such as Ger-trude Ederle, Wilma Rudolph, Althea Gibson, Mildred Ella ‘‘Babe’’ Didrikson Zaharias, and Patty Berg, who overcame difficult obstacles in their own lives to— (A) advance participation by women in sports; and (B) set positive examples for the genera-tions of female athletes who continue to inspire people in the United States today; Whereas the United States must do all it can to support the bonds built between all athletes to break down the barriers of dis-crimination, inequality, and injustice; Whereas girls and young women in minor-ity communities are doubly disadvantaged because— (1) schools in minority communities over-all have fewer athletic opportunities; and (2) the limited resources for athletic oppor-tunities in those communities are not evenly distributed between male and female stu-dents; Whereas, with the recent passage of bills such as the Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse and Safe Sport Authorization Act of 2017 (S. 534, 115th Congress), Congress has taken steps to— (1) protect female athletes from the crime of sexual abuse; and (2) empower athletes to report sexual abuse when it occurs; and Whereas, with the beginning of the 2018 Winter Olympics in South Korea, it is more important than ever to ensure the safety and well-being of athletes by protecting those athletes from the crime of sexual abuse, which has harmed so many young athletes within youth athletic organizations: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate supports— (1) observing ‘‘National Girls & Women in Sports Day’’ on February 7, 2018, to recog-nize— (A) the female athletes who represent schools, universities, and the United States in their athletic pursuits; and (B) the vital role that the people of the United States have in empowering girls and women in sports; (2) marking the observation of National Girls & Women in Sports Day with appro-priate programs and activities, including legislative efforts to protect young athletes from the crime of sexual abuse so that future generations of female athletes will not have to experience the pain that so many female athletes have had to endure; and (3) all ongoing efforts to— (A) promote equality in sports and access to athletic opportunities for girls and women; and (B) support the commitment of the United States to expanding athletic participation for all girls and future generations of women athletes. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I rise to introduce a Senate Resolution recognizing February 7, 2018 as ‘‘Na-tional Girls & Women in Sports Day’’. Since the passage of Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, our Na-tion has taken many big steps toward achieving equality for women in our Nation’s athletic institutions. In fact, since then, participation by high school girls in athletic programs has increased more than six fold. And in college sports, participation by women athletes has nearly tripled since the passage of Title IX. However, many disparities still exist between male and female athletic pro-grams in our Nation today. Because there are simply fewer athletic oppor-tunities and programs for girls, there are lower levels of participation in sports amongst present day high school girls than there were for high school boys in the 1970s. Across college campuses, women ath-letes still comprise only 44 percent of the collegiate athlete population. And in some instances, the numbers have even shrunk over time. In 1972, women occupied more than 90 percent of coaching positions with collegiate women’s teams. Today, women occupy less than half of these coaching posi-tions. This resolution recognizes how far we have come, but more importantly, it acknowledges how much farther we still have to go to achieve equality for our female athletes. In looking to the future and resolving together that more must be done to provide girls and women equal opportunity in sports, we also celebrate and recognize female athletes from the past who have faced difficult obstacles in their lives to ad-vance the participation of women in sports. We honor athletes like Althea Gib-son, who was the first African-Amer-ican athlete to break down racial bar-riers in international tennis and who, in 1956, became the first person of color to win a Grand Slam tennis title with her victory at the French Open. We celebrate ‘‘Babe’’ Didrikson Zaharias, who, in addition to the Olym-pic medals she won at the 1932 Olympic Games in track and field, challenged conventions in the sport of golf to be-come the first woman in history who attempted to qualify in the U.S. Open tournament. We salute Wilma Rudolph, who in the 1960s was considered the fastest woman in the world and, with her performance at the 1960 Olympic Games, was the first American woman to achieve three gold medals at any single Olympics event in history. Each of these women faced tremen-dous difficulties to break down barriers in their respective sports to change not just the culture of sports in our Nation, but ultimately, to improve our coun-try. Their names were inscribed in sports history, and in the process they became positive role models for entire generations of female athletes who continue to inspire us all with their talents. Finally, this resolution recog-nizes the importance of supporting girls and women in sports by holding to account those who use their positions of power—both individual and institu-tional in nature—to abuse and exploit. Mr. President, our Nation continues to struggle with the revelations that hundreds of young female athletes were sexually abused within USA Gym-nastics affiliated institutions. The sto-ries of these survivors, who endured such horrific abuse at the hands of pro-fessionals entrusted to develop their athletic talents, are absolutely heart-breaking and our Nation must do more to prevent these crimes from ever hap-pening again. To put an end to this abuse, on January 30, 2018, Congress passed the Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse and Safe Sport Au-thorization Act of 2017, which I had au-thored and introduced to require all Olympic sports organizations and ama-teur sports organizations to imme-diately report allegations of sexual abuse to law enforcement. As the Winter Olympics begin this week in South Korea, our Nation must continue to do everything we can to enforce this legislation and advocate on behalf of these young athletes whose lives have been turned upside down by the abuse that they endured. I would also like to thank the Na-tional Women’s Law Center and the National Girls & Women in Sports Day Coalition for their support of this reso-lution. All young people in our Nation deserve equal access to freely partici-pate in athletic programs and to feel safe and secure so they can thrive within their chosen sports. With these goals in mind, I call on all of us to ex-amine the progress we have made and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.026 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S709 February 7, 2018 
commit ourselves to addressing the in-equalities we must still overcome to empower female athletes in our Nation. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 399—CON-GRATULATING THE PHILADEL-PHIA EAGLES ON THEIR TRI-UMPH IN SUPER BOWL LII Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 399 Whereas, on February 4, 2018, the Philadel-phia Eagles became champions of the Na-tional Football League by defeating the New England Patriots 41–33 in Super Bowl LII; Whereas, with this victory the Philadel-phia Eagles won their first Super Bowl in franchise history and fourth National Foot-ball League Championship; Whereas the Eagles, a franchise born in the depths of the Great Depression, forged in the furnace of South Philadelphia, has come to represent the resiliency, ingenuity, and for-titude of the great people of the ‘‘City of Brotherly Love’’; Whereas the fans of the Eagles, whose de-votion and enthusiasm is renowned through-out sport, have waited for this moment for 58 years; Whereas this Eagles team, written off by the rest of the world after suffering numer-ous injuries to key players, took the field in Minneapolis as the underdog, as they had been in every previous playoff game, despite having the best record in the National Foot-ball League; Whereas quarterback Nicholas Edward Foles, stepping in for injured star quarter-back Carson James Wentz, commanded the field with an uncanny precision, calmness, and leadership that earned him recognition as the Most Valuable Player of the Super Bowl; Whereas head coach Douglas Irving Pederson displayed an emotional intel-ligence, creativity, and aggressiveness exem-plified in the ‘‘Philly Special,’’ a fourth down play call that involved undrafted rookie run-ning back Corey Joel Clement taking the di-rect snap and pitching the football to undrafted tight end Trey Burton, who threw the football to the backup quarterback Foles for a touchdown in the last minute of the first half; Whereas the play of the dominating offen-sive line, anchored by veterans David Lane Johnson and Jason Kelce, provided peerless protection for the passers, enabled multiple clutch catches by the acrobatic receiving corps and tight ends, and paved the way for hard earned rushing yards by the trio of tal-ented tailbacks; Whereas the vaunted Eagles defense, engi-neered by coordinator James John Schwartz, led by All-Pros Fletcher Cox and Malcolm Damari Jenkins, took charge in the waning moments of the fourth quarter when Bran-don Lee Graham forced the opposing quarter-back to fumble the football into the waiting hands of rookie Derek Anthony Barnett; Whereas the consistent play of the special teams, led by rookie Jake Daniel Elliot and 14-year veteran Donald Scott ‘‘Bag O’Bones’’ Jones, helped seal the fate of the game; Whereas the ownership of Jeffrey Robert Lurie and the management of Howard Rose-man have truly built a franchise that should be recognized as the ‘‘gold standard’’; and Whereas sports talk radio in southeastern Pennsylvania may never be the same: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates the entire Philadelphia Eagles organization on their triumph in Super Bowl LII; (2) commends the Philadelphia Eagles fans for their devotion, enthusiasm, and persist-ence over the past 58 years; and (3) requests that the Secretary of the Sen-ate prepare an enrolled version of this reso-lution for presentation to— (A) the owner of the Philadelphia Eagles, Jeffrey Robert Lurie; and (B) the head coach of the Philadelphia Ea-gles, Douglas Irving Pederson. f AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 1926. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1892, to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1927. Mr. DAINES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 695, of 1993 to establish a voluntary national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employment , have access to children, the el-derly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1928. Mr. WICKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 695, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1929. Mr. WICKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1892, to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1930. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 1892, supra. SA 1931. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 1930 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1892, supra. SA 1932. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 1892, supra. SA 1933. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 1932 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1892, supra. SA 1934. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 1933 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 1932 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1892, supra. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 1926. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1892, to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first re-sponder in the line of duty; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. l. EXTENSION OF THE MATERNAL, INFANT, AND EARLY CHILDHOOD HOME VIS-ITING PROGRAM. 
Section 511(j)(1)(H) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 711(j)(1)(H)) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2017 through 2019’’. 
SA 1927. Mr. DAINES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 695, of 1993 to es-tablish a voluntary national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employment, have access to chil-dren, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: Strike section 8004. 
SA 1928. Mr. WICKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 695 of 1993 to estab-lish a voluntary national criminal his-tory background check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employment, have access to chil-dren, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: TITLE ll—VESSEL INCIDENTAL DISCHARGE ACT 
SEC. ll01. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Vessel Inci-dental Discharge Act’’. 
SEC. ll02. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the En-vironmental Protection Agency. (2) A
QUATIC NUISANCE SPECIES .—The term ‘‘aquatic nuisance species’’ means a non-indigenous species (including a pathogen, microbe, or virus) that threatens the diver-sity or abundance of native species or the ec-ological stability of waters of the United States, or commercial, agricultural, aquacultural, or recreational activities de-pendent on such waters. (3) B
ALLAST WATER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘ballast water’’ means any water and suspended matter taken on board a commercial vessel— (i) to control or maintain trim, draught, stability, or stresses of the commercial ves-sel, regardless of how such water and matter is carried; or (ii) during the cleaning, maintenance, or other operation of a ballast tank or ballast water management system of the commer-cial vessel. (B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘ballast water’’ does not include any substance that is added to water described in subparagraph (A) that is directly related to the operation of a prop-erly functioning ballast water management system. (4) B
ALLAST WATER DISCHARGE STANDARD .— The term ‘‘ballast water discharge standard’’ means— (A) the numerical ballast water discharge standard set forth in section 151.2030 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, or section 151.1511 of such title (as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act); or (B) if the standard described in subpara-graph (A) has been revised under section ll06, such revised standard. (5) B
ALLAST WATER MANAGEMENT SYSTEM .— The term ‘‘ballast water management sys-tem’’ means any system, including all bal-last water treatment equipment and all asso-ciated control and monitoring equipment, that processes ballast water— (A) to kill, render nonviable, or remove or-ganisms; or (B) to avoid the uptake or discharge of or-ganisms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.029 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES710 February 7, 2018 
(6) B EST AVAILABLE TECHNOLOGY ECONOMI -
CALLY ACHIEVABLE .—The term ‘‘best avail-able technology economically achievable’’ has the meaning given that term in sections 301(b)(2)(A) and 304(b)(2)(B) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1311(b)(2)(A) and 1314(b)(2)(B)) as such term applies to a mobile point source. (7) B
IOCIDE .—The term ‘‘biocide’’ means a substance or organism that is introduced into or produced by a ballast water manage-ment system to kill or eliminate aquatic nuisance species as part of the process used to comply with a ballast water discharge standard. (8) C
APTAIN OF THE PORT ZONE .—The term ‘‘Captain of the Port Zone’’ means a Captain of the Port Zone established by the Sec-retary pursuant to sections 92, 93, and 633 of title 14, United States Code. (9) C
OMMERCIAL VESSEL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘commercial vessel’’ means— (i) a vessel (as defined in section 3 of title 1, United States Code) that is engaged in commercial service (as defined in section 2101(5) of title 46, United States Code); or (ii) a vessel that is within the scope of the General Permit or Small Vessel General Per-mit on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. (B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘commercial vessel’’ does not include— (i) a recreational vessel; or (ii) a vessel of the armed forces (as defined in section 312 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322)). (10) D
ISCHARGE INCIDENTAL TO THE NORMAL  
OPERATION OF A COMMERCIAL VESSEL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘discharge inci-dental to the normal operation of a commer-cial vessel’’ means— (i) a discharge into navigable waters of the United States from a commercial vessel of— (I)(aa) graywater, bilge water, cooling water, oil water separator effluent, anti-foul-ing hull coating leachate, boiler or econo-mizer blowdown, byproducts from cathodic protection, controllable pitch propeller and thruster hydraulic fluid, distillation and re-verse osmosis brine, elevator pit effluent, firemain system effluent, freshwater layup effluent, gas turbine wash water, motor gas-oline and compensating effluent, refrigera-tion and air condensate effluent, seawater piping biofouling prevention substances, boat engine wet exhaust, sonar dome efflu-ent, exhaust gas scrubber wash water, or stern tube packing gland effluent; or (bb) any other pollutant associated with the operation of a marine propulsion system, shipboard maneuvering system, habitability system, or installed major equipment, or from a protective, preservative, or absorp-tive application to the hull of a commercial vessel; (II) deck runoff, deck washdown, above the waterline hull cleaning effluent, aqueous film forming foam effluent, chain locker ef-fluent, non-oily machinery wastewater, un-derwater ship husbandry effluent, welldeck effluent, or fish hold and fish hold cleaning effluent; or (III) any effluent from a properly func-tioning marine engine; or (ii) a discharge of a pollutant into navi-gable waters of the United States in connec-tion with the testing, maintenance, or repair of a system, equipment, or engine described in subclause (I)(bb) or (III) of clause (i) when-ever the commercial vessel is waterborne. (B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘discharge in-cidental to the normal operation of a com-mercial vessel’’ does not include— (i) any discharge into navigable waters of the United States from a commercial vessel of— (I) ballast water; (II) rubbish, trash, garbage, incinerator ash, or other such material discharged over-board; (III) oil or a hazardous substance (as such terms are defined in section 311 of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321)); or (IV) sewage (as defined in section 312(a)(6) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322(a)(6))); or (ii) any emission of an air pollutant result-ing from the operation onboard a commer-cial vessel of a commercial vessel propulsion system, motor driven equipment, or inciner-ator; (iii) any discharge into navigable waters of the United States from a commercial vessel when the commercial vessel is operating in a capacity other than as a means of transpor-tation on water; or (iv) any discharge that results from an ac-tivity other than the normal operation of a commercial vessel. (11) EMPTY BALLAST TANK .—The term ‘‘empty ballast tank’’ means a tank— (A) intended to hold ballast water that has been drained to the limit of the functional or operational capabilities of such tank, such as loss of suction, and otherwise recorded as empty on a vessel log; and (B) that contains unpumpable residual bal-last water and sediments. (12) E
XCHANGE .—The term ‘‘exchange’’ means, with respect to ballast water, to re-place the water in a ballast water tank using one of the following methods: (A) Flow-through exchange, in which bal-last water is flushed out by pumping in mid- ocean water at the bottom of the tank and continuously overflowing the tank from the top until 3 full volumes of water has been changed to minimize the number of original organisms remaining in the tank. (B) Empty and refill exchange, in which ballast water taken on in ports, estuarine waters, or territorial waters is pumped out until the pump loses suction, after which the ballast tank is refilled with mid-ocean water. (13) G
ENERAL PERMIT .—The term ‘‘General Permit’’ means the ‘‘Final National Pollut-ant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) General Permit for Discharges Incidental to the Normal Operation of a Vessel’’ noticed in the Federal Register on April 12, 2013 (78 Fed. Reg. 21938). (14) G
REAT LAKES STATES .—The term ‘‘Great Lakes States’’ means Illinois, Indi-ana, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin. (15) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given that term in section 4(e) of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304(e)). (16) M
AJOR CONVERSION .—The term ‘‘major conversion’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2101(14a) of title 46, United States Code. (17) M
ARINE POLLUTION CONTROL DEVICE .— The term ‘‘marine pollution control device’’ means any equipment for installation or use on board a commercial vessel that is— (A) designed to receive, retain, treat, con-trol, or discharge a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a commercial vessel; and (B) determined by the Secretary, in con-sultation with the Administrator, to be the most effective equipment or management practice to reduce the environmental impact of the discharge consistent with the consid-erations set forth in section ll08(a)(2). (18) M
ID-OCEAN WATER .—The term ‘‘mid- ocean water’’ means water greater than 200 nautical miles from any shore. (19) N
AVIGABLE WATERS OF THE UNITED  
STATES .—The term ‘‘navigable waters of the United States’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2101(17a) of title 46, United States Code. (20) OPERATING IN A CAPACITY OTHER THAN  
AS A MEANS OF TRANSPORTATION ON WATER .— The term ‘‘operating in a capacity other than as a means of transportation on water’’ includes— (A) when in use as an energy or mining fa-cility; (B) when in use as a storage facility or sea-food processing facility; (C) when secured to a storage facility or seafood processing facility; and (D) when secured to the bed of the ocean, contiguous zone, or waters of the United States for the purpose of mineral or oil ex-ploration or development. (21) O
RGANISM .—The term ‘‘organism’’ means any organism and includes pathogens, microbes, viruses, bacteria, and fungi. (22) O
WNER OR OPERATOR .—The term ‘‘owner or operator’’ means a person owning, operating, or chartering by demise a com-mercial vessel. (23) P
ACIFIC COAST REGION .—The term ‘‘Pa-cific Coast Region’’ means Federal and State waters adjacent to Alaska, Washington, Or-egon, or California extending from shore and including the entire exclusive economic zone (as defined in section 1001(8) of the Oil Pollu-tion Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701(8))) adjacent to each such State. (24) P
OLLUTANT .—The term ‘‘pollutant’’ has the meaning given that term in section 502(6) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1362(6)). (25) P
ORT OR PLACE OF DESTINATION .—The term ‘‘port or place of destination’’ means any port or place to which a vessel is bound to anchor or moor. (26) R
ECREATIONAL VESSEL .—The term ‘‘rec-reational vessel’’ has the meaning given that term in section 502 of the Federal Water Pol-lution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1362). (27) R
ENDER NONVIABLE .—The term ‘‘render nonviable’’ means, with respect to organisms in ballast water, the action of a ballast water management system that leaves such organisms permanently incapable of repro-duction following treatment. (28) S
ALTWATER FLUSH .—The term ‘‘salt-water flush’’— (A) means— (i) the addition of as much mid-ocean water into each empty ballast tank of a com-mercial vessel as is safe for such vessel and crew and the mixing of the flushwater with residual water and sediment through the mo-tion of such vessel; and (ii) the discharge of the mixed water, such that the resultant residual water remaining in the tank has the highest salinity possible, and is at least 30 parts per thousand; and (B) may require more than one fill-mix- empty sequence, particularly if only small amounts of water can be safely taken on-board the commercial vessel at one time. (29) S
ECRETARY .—Except as otherwise spec-ified, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. (30) S
MALL VESSEL GENERAL PERMIT .—The term ‘‘Small Vessel General Permit’’ means the ‘‘Final National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) General Per-mit for Discharges Incidental to the Normal Operation of a Small Vessel’’ noticed in the Federal Register on September 10, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 53702) 
SEC. ll03. TREATMENT OF EXISTING BALLAST WATER REGULATIONS. 
(a) E FFECT ON EXISTING REGULATIONS .— Any regulation issued pursuant to the Non-indigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.) that is in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, and that relates 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.031 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S711 February 7, 2018 
to a matter subject to regulation under this title, shall remain in full force and effect un-less or until superseded by a new regulation issued under this title relating to such mat-ter. (b) A
PPLICATION OF OTHER REGULATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The regulations issued pursuant to the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nui-sance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.) relating to sanctions for violating a regulation under that Act shall apply to violations of a regulation issued under this title. (2) P
ENALTIES .—The penalties for viola-tions described in paragraph (1) shall in-crease consistent with inflation. 
SEC. ll04. BALLAST WATER DISCHARGE RE-QUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Except as provided in paragraph (7), and subject to sections 151.2035 and 151.2036 of title 33, Code of Federal Regu-lations (as in effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act), an owner or operator may discharge ballast water into navigable waters of the United States from a commer-cial vessel covered under subsection (b) only if the owner or operator discharges the bal-last water in accordance with requirements established by this title or the Secretary. (2) C
OMMERCIAL VESSELS ENTERING THE  
GREAT LAKES SYSTEM .—If a commercial ves-sel enters the Great Lakes through the mouth of the Saint Lawrence River, the owner or operator shall— (A) comply with the applicable require-ments of— (i) paragraph (1); (ii) subpart C of part 151 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations (or similar successor regulations); and (iii) section 401.30 of such title (or similar successor regulations); and (B) after operating— (i) outside the exclusive economic zone of the United States or Canada, conduct a com-plete ballast water exchange in an area that is 200 nautical miles or more from any shore before the owner or operator may discharge ballast water while operating in the Saint Lawrence River or the Great Lakes, subject to any requirements the Secretary deter-mines necessary with regard to such ex-change or any ballast water management system that is to be used in conjunction with such exchange, to ensure that any discharge of ballast water complies with the require-ments under paragraph (1); or (ii) exclusively within the territorial waters or exclusive economic zone of the United States or Canada, conduct a complete ballast water exchange outside the Saint Lawrence River and the Great Lakes in an area that is 50 nautical miles or more from any shore before the owner or operator may discharge ballast water while operating in the Saint Lawrence River or the Great Lakes, subject to any requirements the Sec-retary determines necessary with regard to such exchange or any ballast water manage-ment system that is to be used in conjunc-tion with such exchange, to ensure that any discharge of ballast water complies with the requirements under paragraph (1), unless traveling 50 nautical miles or more from shore would compromise commercial vessel safety or is otherwise prohibited by any do-mestic or international regulation. (3) C
OMMERCIAL VESSELS OPERATING WITHIN  
THE PACIFIC COAST REGION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (C) and paragraph (6), the owner or operator of a commercial vessel de-scribed in subparagraph (B) shall conduct a complete ballast water exchange in waters more than 50 nautical miles from shore. (B) COMMERCIAL VESSEL DESCRIBED .—A commercial vessel described in this subpara-graph is a commercial vessel— (i) operating between 2 ports or places of destination within the Pacific Coast Region; or (ii) operating between a port or place of destination within the Pacific Coast Region and a port or place of destination on the Pa-cific Coast of Canada or Mexico north of 20 degrees north latitude, inclusive of the Gulf of California. (C) E
XEMPTIONS .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to the following: (i) A commercial vessel voyaging between or to a port or place of destination in the State of Washington, if the ballast water to be discharged from such vessel originated solely from waters located between the par-allel 43 degrees, 32 minutes north latitude, including the internal waters of the Colum-bia River, and the internal waters of Canada south of parallel 50 degrees north latitude, including the waters of the Strait of Georgia and the Strait of Juan de Fuca. (ii) A commercial vessel voyaging between ports or places of destination in the States of Washington and Oregon if the ballast water to be discharged from such vessel originated solely from waters located between the par-allel 40 degrees north latitude and the par-allel 50 degrees north latitude. (iii) A commercial vessel voyaging between ports or places of destination in the State of California within the San Francisco Bay area east of the Golden Gate Bridge, includ-ing the Port of Stockton and the Port of Sacramento, if any ballast water to be dis-charged from such vessel originated solely from ports or places within such area. (iv) A commercial vessel voyaging between the Port of Los Angeles, the Port of Long Beach, and the El Segundo offshore marine oil terminal if any ballast water to be dis-charged from such vessel originated solely from the Port of Los Angeles, the Port of Long Beach, or the El Segundo offshore ma-rine oil terminal. (v) A commercial vessel voyaging between a port or place in the State of Alaska within a single Captain of the Port Zone. (4) E
MPTY BALLAST TANKS .— (A) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B) and paragraph (6), the owner or operator of a commercial vessel with empty ballast tanks shall conduct a saltwater flush— (i) at least 200 nautical miles from any shore for voyages originating outside the United States or Canadian exclusive eco-nomic zone; or (ii) at least 50 nautical miles from any shore for voyages within the Pacific Coast Region. (B) E
XCEPTION .—The requirements of sub-paragraph (A) shall not apply— (i) if a ballast tank’s unpumpable residual waters and sediments were subject to a salt-water flush, ballast water exchange, or treat-ment through a ballast water management system; or (ii) unless otherwise required under this title, if the ballast tank’s unpumpable resid-ual waters and sediments were sourced with-in the same port or place of destination, or Captain of the Port Zone. (5) L
OW SALINITY BALLAST WATER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B) and paragraph (6), owners or operators of commercial vessels that transport ballast water sourced from waters with a measured salinity of less than 18 parts per thousand, except as provided by a public or commercial source under subsection (b)(2)(C), and voyage to a Pacific Coast Re-gion port or place of destination that has a measured salinity of less than 18 parts per thousand shall conduct a complete ballast water exchange— (i) more than 50 nautical miles from shore if the ballast water was sourced from a Pa-cific Coast Region port or place of destina-tion; or (ii) more than 200 nautical miles from shore if the ballast water was not sourced from a Pacific Coast Region port or place of destination. (B) EXCEPTION .—The requirements of sub-paragraph (A) shall not apply to a commer-cial vessel that has a ballast water manage-ment system approved for treating fresh-water at concentrations prescribed in section ll06(a)(1)(A) or that retains all of its bal-last water. (6) E
XEMPTED VESSELS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The requirements of paragraphs (3), (4), and (5) shall not apply to a commercial vessel if— (i) complying with such requirements would compromise the safety of the commer-cial vessel; (ii) design limitations of the commercial vessel prevent ballast water exchange or saltwater flush from being conducted; (iii) the commercial vessel is certified by the Secretary as having no residual ballast water or sediments on board or retains all its ballast water while in waters subject to such requirements; or (iv) empty ballast tanks on the commer-cial vessel are sealed and certified by the Secretary so there is no discharge or uptake and subsequent discharge of ballast waters subject to such requirements. (B) A
DDITIONAL EXEMPTIONS .—The require-ments of paragraphs (3) and (4) shall not apply to a commercial vessel if the commer-cial vessel uses a method of ballast water management approved by the Coast Guard under section ll05 of this title or subpart 162.060 of title 46, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or similar successor regulations). (7) S
AFETY EXEMPTION .—Notwithstanding paragraphs (1) through (6), an owner or oper-ator of a commercial vessel may discharge ballast water into navigable waters of the United States from a commercial vessel if— (A) the ballast water is discharged solely to ensure the safety of life at sea; (B) the ballast water is discharged acciden-tally as the result of damage to the commer-cial vessel or its equipment and— (i) all reasonable precautions to prevent or minimize the discharge have been taken; and (ii) the owner or operator did not willfully or recklessly cause such damage; or (C) the ballast water is discharged solely for the purpose of avoiding or minimizing a discharge from the commercial vessel of a pollutant that would violate a Federal or State law. (8) L
OGBOOK REQUIREMENTS .—Section 11301(b) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(13) when a commercial vessel does not carry out ballast water management require-ments as applicable and pursuant to regula-tions promulgated and issued by the Sec-retary, including when such a vessel fails to carry out ballast water management require-ments due to an allowed safety exemption, a statement about the failure to comply and the circumstances under which the failure occurred, made immediately after when practicable to do so.’’. (9) L
IMITATION OF REQUIREMENTS .—In estab- lishing requirements under this subsection, the Secretary may not require the installa-tion of a ballast water management system on a commercial vessel that— (A) carries all of its ballast water in sealed tanks that— (i) are not subject to discharge; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.031 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES712 February 7, 2018 
(ii) have been certified by the Secretary; and (iii) have been noted in the commercial vessel logbook; or (B) discharges ballast water solely into a reception facility described in subsection (d). (b) A
PPLICABILITY .— (1) C
OVERED VESSELS .—Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3), subsection (a) shall apply to any commercial vessel that is de-signed, constructed, or adapted to carry bal-last water while such commercial vessel is operating in navigable waters of the United States. (2) E
XEMPTED VESSELS .—Subsection (a) shall not apply to a commercial vessel— (A) that continuously takes on and dis-charges ballast water in a flow-through sys-tem, if such system does not introduce aquatic nuisance species into navigable waters of the United States, as determined by the Secretary; (B) in the National Defense Reserve Fleet that is scheduled for disposal, if the vessel does not have ballast water management systems or the ballast water management systems of the vessel are inoperable; (C) that discharges ballast water con-sisting solely of water taken aboard from a public or commercial source that, at the time the water is taken aboard, meets the applicable regulations or permit require-ments for such source under the Safe Drink-ing Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.); (D) in an alternative compliance program established pursuant to subsection (c); (E) that carries all of its permanent ballast water in sealed tanks that are not subject to discharge; or (F) uses other liquid or material as ballast and does not discharge ballast overboard. (3) V
ESSELS OPERATING EXCLUSIVELY WITHIN  
THE GREAT LAKES AND SAINT LAWRENCE  
RIVER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A commercial vessel that operates exclusively within the Great Lakes and Saint Lawrence River shall be subject to subsection (a). (B) T
RANSITION .—Notwithstanding subpara-graph (A), a commercial vessel that operates exclusively within the Great Lakes and Saint Lawrence River that is not required to comply with the ballast water discharge standard on the day before the date of enact-ment of this Act shall transition into com-pliance with subsection (a) under the special rules established in subparagraph (C) of this subsection: (C) S
PECIAL RULES .—The Secretary shall require a class of commercial vessels de-scribed in subparagraph (B) of this sub-section to comply with subsection (a) only if the Secretary— (i) approves a ballast water management system for such class of commercial vessels under section ll05 of this title or subpart 162.060 of title 46, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or similar successor regulation); (ii) determines that such ballast water management system meets the operationally practicable criteria described in section ll06 with respect to such class of commer-cial vessels complying with the ballast water discharge standard; (iii) determines that requiring such class of commercial vessels to comply with the bal-last water discharge standard is operation-ally practicable for such class of commercial vessels; and (iv) in coordination with the Adminis-trator, conducts a probabilistic assessment of the benefits to the environment and the costs to industry of compliance with sub-section (a) by such class of commercial ves-sels and determines that such benefits ex-ceed such costs. (D) R
ECONSIDERATION .—If the Secretary de-termines under subparagraph (C)(iv) that such benefits do not exceed such costs, the Secretary, in coordination with the Adminis-trator, shall reconsider the determination of the Secretary under that subparagraph— (i) if a petition is received from a Governor of a Great Lakes State that— (I) includes new data or science not consid-ered during such determination; and (II) is submitted not less than 1 year after the date of such determination; or (ii) not later than 5 years after the date of such determination. (E) COMPLIANCE DEADLINE .—A class of com-mercial vessels that is required by the Sec-retary to comply with subsection (a) under the special rules established by subparagraph (C) of this subsection shall comply with the ballast water discharge standard— (i) after completion of the first scheduled vessel dry docking that commences on or after the date that is 3 years after the date that the Secretary requires compliance under subparagraph (C), for a vessel built on or before the date that is 3 years after date the Secretary terminates such exemption; or (ii) upon entry into the navigable waters of the United States for a vessel that is built after the date that is 3 years after the date the Secretary requires compliance under subparagraph (C) for such class of vessels. (F) R
EPORT .—Not less than 60 days after a determination by the Secretary under sub-paragraph (C)(iv), the Secretary shall pro-vide a report to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives describing how the costs were considered in the assessment required by that subparagraph. (c) R
ECEPTION FACILITIES ; T RANSFER  S
TANDARDS .—The Secretary, in coordination with the Administrator, may promulgate standards for the arrangements necessary on a vessel to transfer ballast water to a facil-ity. 
SEC. ll05. APPROVAL OF BALLAST WATER MAN-AGEMENT SYSTEMS. 
(a) B ALLAST WATER MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS  T
HAT RENDER ORGANISMS NONVIABLE .—Not- withstanding chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, part 151 of title 33, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or similar successor regu-lations), and part 162 of title 46, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or similar successor regu-lations), a ballast water management system that renders nonviable organisms in ballast water at the concentrations prescribed in the ballast water discharge standard shall be ap-proved by the Secretary, if— (1) such system— (A) undergoes type approval testing at an independent laboratory designated by the Secretary under such regulations; and (B) meets the requirements of subpart 162.060 of title 46, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or similar successor regulations), other than the requirements related to stain-ing methods or measuring the concentration of living organisms; and (2) such laboratory uses a testing method described in a final policy letter published under subsection (c)(3). (b) P
ROHIBITION ON BIOCIDES .—The Sec-retary shall not approve a ballast water management system under subsection (a) or subpart 162.060 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations (or similar successor regula-tions), if such system— (1) uses a biocide or generates a biocide that is a pesticide, as defined in section 2 of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136), unless the biocide is registered under that Act or the Administrator has approved the use of the biocide in such ballast water management system; or (2) uses or generates a biocide the dis-charge of which causes or contributes to a violation of a water quality standard under section 303 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1313). (c) APPROVAL TESTING METHODS .— (1) D
RAFT POLICY .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Ad-ministrator, shall publish a draft policy let-ter, based on the best available science, de-scribing type approval testing methods and protocols for ballast water management sys-tems that may be used in addition to the methods established in subpart 162.060 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations (or similar successor regulations)— (A) to measure the concentration of orga-nisms in ballast water that are capable of re-production; (B) to certify the performance of each bal-last water management system under this section; and (C) to certify laboratories to evaluate such treatment technologies. (2) P
UBLIC COMMENT .—The Secretary shall provide for a period of not more than 60 days for the public to comment on the draft pol-icy letter published under paragraph (1). (3) F
INAL POLICY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 150 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Ad-ministrator, shall publish a final policy let-ter describing type approval testing methods for ballast water management systems capa-ble of measuring the concentration of orga-nisms in ballast water that are capable of re-production based on the best available science that may be used in addition to the methods established in subpart 162.060 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations (or similar successor regulations). (B) R
EVISIONS .—The Secretary shall revise the final policy letter published under sub-paragraph (A) as additional testing methods are determined by the Secretary, in coordi-nation with the Administrator, to be capable of measuring the concentration of organisms in ballast water that are capable of reproduc-tion. (C) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In developing a pol-icy letter under this paragraph, the Sec-retary, in coordination with the Adminis-trator— (i) shall consider a testing method that uses organism grow out and most probable number statistical analysis to determine the concentration of organisms in ballast water that are capable of reproduction; and (ii) shall not consider a testing method that relies on a staining method that meas-ures the concentration of organisms greater than or equal to 10 micrometers and orga-nisms less than or equal to 50 micrometers. 
SEC. ll06. REVIEW AND RAISING OF BALLAST WATER DISCHARGE STANDARD. 
(a) S TRINGENCY REVIEWS .— (1) S
IX-YEAR REVIEW .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 2024, and subject to petitions for review under paragraph (3), the Secretary, in con-currence with the Administrator, shall com-plete a review to determine whether, based on the application of the best available tech-nology economically achievable and oper-ationally practicable, the ballast water dis-charge standard can be revised such that bal-last water discharged in the normal oper-ation of a vessel contains— (i) less than 1 organism that is living or has not been rendered nonviable per 10 cubic meters that is 50 or more micrometers in minimum dimension; (ii) less than 1 organism that is living or has not been rendered nonviable per 10 milli-liters that is less than 50 micrometers in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.031 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S713 February 7, 2018 
minimum dimension and more than 10 mi-crometers in minimum dimension; (iii) concentrations of indicator microbes that are less than— (I) 1 colony-forming unit of toxicogenic Vibrio cholera (serotypes O1 and O139) per 100 milliliters or less than 1 colony-forming unit of that microbe per gram of wet weight of zoological samples; (II) 126 colony-forming units of escherichia coli per 100 milliliters; and (III) 33 colony-forming units of intestinal enterococci per 100 milliliters; and (iv) concentrations of such additional indi-cator microbes and of viruses as may be specified in regulations issued by the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Adminis-trator and such other Federal agencies as the Secretary and the Administrator con-sider appropriate. (B) A
LTERNATIVE REVISED STANDARD .—If the Secretary, in concurrence with the Ad-ministrator, finds— (i) that the ballast water discharge stand-ard cannot be revised to reflect the level of stringency set forth in subparagraph (A), the Secretary, in concurrence with the Adminis-trator, shall determine whether the applica-tion of the best available technology eco-nomically achievable and operationally prac-ticable would result in a reduction of the risk of introduction or establishment of aquatic nuisance species such that the bal-last water discharge standard can be revised to be more stringent than the standard set forth in section 151.2030 or 151.1511 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act; or (ii) that the application of best available technology economically achievable and operationally practicable would result in a reduction of the risk of introduction or es-tablishment of aquatic nuisance species such that the ballast water discharge standard can be revised to be more stringent than the standard under subparagraph (A) with re-spect to a class of vessels, the Secretary, in concurrence with the Administrator, shall determine which revisions to the ballast water discharge standard shall be made for that class of vessels to incorporate such more stringent standard. (C) O
PERATIONALLY PRACTICABLE .—In deter- mining operational practicability under this subsection, the Secretary, in concurrence with the Administrator, shall consider— (i) whether a ballast water management system is— (I) effective and reliable in the shipboard environment; (II) compatible with the design and oper-ation of a commercial vessel by class, type, and size; (III) commercially available; and (IV) safe; (ii) whether testing protocols can be prac-ticably implemented that can assure accu-rate measurement of compliance with the ballast water discharge standard as proposed to be revised; and (iii) other criteria that the Secretary, in concurrence with Administrator, considers appropriate. (2) T
EN-YEAR REVIEWS .—Not later than Jan-uary 1, 2034, not less frequently than every 10 years thereafter, and subject to petitions for review under paragraph (3), the Secretary, in concurrence with the Administrator, shall conduct a review to determine whether the application of the best available technology economically achievable and operationally practicable as described in paragraph (1)(C) results in a reduction in the risk of the in-troduction or establishment of aquatic nui-sance species such that the ballast water dis-charge standard can be revised to be more stringent. (3) S
TATE PETITIONS FOR REVIEW .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The Governor of a State may submit a petition requesting the Sec-retary to conduct a review under paragraph (1) or (2) if there is new information that could reasonably indicate the ballast water discharge standard could be made more stringent to reduce the risk of the introduc-tion or establishment of aquatic nuisance species. (B) T
IMING .—A Governor may not submit a petition under subparagraph (A) during the 1-year period following the date of comple-tion of a review under paragraph (1) or (2). (C) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .—A petition submitted to the Secretary under subpara-graph (A) shall include— (i) a proposed ballast water discharge standard that would result in a reduction in the risk of the introduction or establishment of aquatic nuisance species; (ii) information regarding any ballast water management systems that may achieve the proposed ballast water discharge standard; (iii) the scientific and technical informa-tion on which the petition is based, including a description of the risk reduction that would result from the proposed ballast water discharge standard included under clause (i); and (iv) any additional information the Sec-retary considers appropriate. (D) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Upon receiving a petition under subparagraph (A), the Sec-retary shall make publicly available a copy of the petition, including the information in-cluded under subparagraph (C). (E) T
REATMENT OF MORE THAN ONE PETITION  
AS A SINGLE PETITION .—The Secretary may treat more than one petition submitted under subparagraph (A) as a single such peti-tion. (F) A
UTHORITY TO REVIEW .—After receiving a petition that meets the requirements of this paragraph, the Secretary, in concur-rence with the Administrator, may conduct a review under paragraph (1) or (2) as the Secretary, in concurrence with the Adminis-trator, determines appropriate. (4) I
SSUANCE OF REVISED BALLAST WATER  
DISCHARGE STANDARD .—The Secretary shall issue a rule to revise the ballast water dis-charge standard if the Secretary, in concur-rence with the Administrator, determines on the basis of the review under paragraph (1) or (2) that— (A) a ballast water management system that is capable of achieving the ballast water discharge standard as proposed to be revised is the best available technology economi-cally achievable and operationally prac-ticable; and (B) testing protocols can be practicably implemented that can assure accurate meas-urement of compliance with the ballast water discharge standard as proposed to be revised. (5) R
EQUIREMENT .—Any revised ballast water discharge standard issued in the rule under paragraph (4) shall be more stringent than the ballast water discharge standard it replaces. (6) S
TANDARD NOT REVISED .—If the Sec-retary, in concurrence with the Adminis-trator, determines that the requirements of this subsection have not been satisfied, the Secretary shall publish a description of how such determination was made. (b) R
EVISED BALLAST WATER DISCHARGE  S
TANDARD EFFECTIVE DATE AND COMPLIANCE  D
EADLINE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary issues a rule to revise the ballast water discharge standard under subsection (a), the Secretary shall include in such rule— (A) an effective date for the revised ballast discharge standard that is 3 years after the date on which such rule is published in the Federal Register; and (B) for the owner or operator of a commer-cial vessel that is constructed or completes a major conversion on or after the date that is 3 years after the date on which such rule is published in the Federal Register, a deadline to comply with the revised ballast water dis-charge standard that is the first day on which such commercial vessel operates in navigable waters of the United States. (2) VESSEL SPECIFIC COMPLIANCE DEAD -
LINES .—The Secretary may establish a dead-line for compliance by a commercial vessel (or a class, type, or size of commercial ves-sel) with a revised ballast water discharge standard that is different than the general deadline established under paragraph (1). (3) E
XTENSIONS .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a process for an owner or operator to submit an application to the Secretary for an extension of a compliance deadline estab-lished under paragraphs (1) and (2). (4) A
PPLICATION FOR EXTENSION .—An owner or operator shall submit an application for an extension under paragraph (3) not less than 90 days prior to the applicable compli-ance deadline established under paragraph (1) or (2). (5) F
ACTORS .—In reviewing an application under this subsection, the Secretary shall consider, with respect to the ability of an owner or operator to meet a compliance deadline— (A) whether the ballast water management system to be installed, if applicable, is avail-able in sufficient quantities to meet the compliance deadline; (B) whether there is sufficient shipyard or other installation facility capacity; (C) whether there is sufficient availability of engineering and design resources; (D) commercial vessel characteristics, such as engine room size, layout, or a lack of in-stalled piping; (E) electric power generating capacity aboard the commercial vessel; (F) the safety of the commercial vessel and crew; and (G) any other factor that the Secretary de-termines appropriate. (6) C
ONSIDERATION OF EXTENSIONS .— (A) D
ETERMINATIONS .—The Secretary shall approve or deny an application for an exten-sion of a compliance deadline submitted by an owner or operator under this subsection. (B) D
EADLINE .—The Secretary shall— (i) acknowledge receipt of an application for an extension submitted under paragraph (4) not later than 30 days after the date of re-ceipt of the application; and (ii) to the extent practicable, approve or deny such an application not later than 90 days after the date of receipt of the applica-tion. (C) F
AILURE TO REVIEW .—If the Secretary does not approve or deny an application de-scribed in subparagraph (A) on or before the last day of the 90-day period beginning on the date of submission of the petition, the petition shall be conditionally approved. (7) P
ERIOD OF EXTENSIONS .—An extension granted to an owner or operator under para-graph (3)— (A) may be granted for an initial period of not more than 18 months; (B) may be renewed for additional periods of not more than 18 months each; and (C) may not be in effect for a total of more than 5 years. (8) P
ERIOD OF USE OF INSTALLED BALLAST  
WATER MANAGEMENT SYSTEM .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), an owner or operator shall be considered to be in compliance with the ballast water discharge standard if— (i) the ballast water management system installed on the commercial vessel complies 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.031 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES714 February 7, 2018 
with the ballast water discharge standard in effect at the time of installation, notwith-standing any revisions to the ballast water discharge standard occurring after the in-stallation; (ii) the ballast water management system is maintained in proper working condition, as determined by the Secretary; (iii) the ballast water management system is maintained and used in accordance with the manufacturer’s specifications; and (iv) the ballast water management system continues to meet the ballast water dis-charge standard applicable to the commer-cial vessel at the time of installation, as de-termined by the Secretary. (B) L
IMITATION .—Subparagraph (A) shall cease to apply with respect to a commercial vessel after— (i) the expiration of the service life of the ballast water management system of the commercial vessel, as determined by the Secretary; (ii) the expiration of the service life of the commercial vessel, as determined by the Secretary; or (iii) the completion of a major conversion of the commercial vessel. 
SEC. ll07. NATIONAL BALLAST INFORMATION CLEARINGHOUSE. 
Subsection (f) of section 1102 of the Non-indigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4712(f)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) N
ATIONAL BALLAST INFORMATION  C
LEARINGHOUSE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall de-velop and maintain, in consultation and co-operation with the Task Force and the Smithsonian Institution (acting through the Smithsonian Environmental Research Cen-ter), a National Ballast Information Clear-inghouse of national data concerning— ‘‘(A) ballasting practices; ‘‘(B) compliance with the guidelines issued pursuant to section 1101(c); and ‘‘(C) any other information obtained by the Task Force pursuant to subsection (b). ‘‘(2) B
ALLAST WATER REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The owner or operator of a commercial vessel subject to this title shall submit the current ballast water man-agement report form approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB 1625–0069 or a subsequent form) to the National Bal-last Information Clearinghouse not later than 6 hours after the arrival of such vessel at a United States port or place, unless such vessel is operating exclusively on a voyage between ports or places within a single Cap-tain of the Port Zone. ‘‘(B) M
ULTIPLE DISCHARGES WITHIN A SINGLE  
PORT .—The owner or operator of a commer-cial vessel subject to this title may submit a single report under subparagraph (A) for multiple ballast water discharges within a single port during the same voyage. ‘‘(C) A
DVANCED REPORT TO STATES .—A State may require the owner or operator of a commercial vessel subject to this title to submit directly to the State a ballast water management report form— ‘‘(i) not later than 24 hours prior to arrival at a United States port or place of destina-tion if the voyage of such vessel is antici-pated to exceed 24 hours; or ‘‘(ii) before departing the port or place of departure if the voyage of such vessel is not anticipated to exceed 24 hours. ‘‘(3) C
OMMERCIAL VESSEL REPORTING DATA .— ‘‘(A) D
ISSEMINATION TO STATES .—Upon re- ceiving submission of a ballast water man-agement report required under paragraph (2), the National Ballast Information Clearing-house shall— ‘‘(i) in the case of forms submitted elec-tronically, immediately disseminate the re-port to interested States; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of forms submitted by means other than electronically, dissemi-nate the report to interested States as soon as practicable. ‘‘(B) AVAILABILITY TO THE PUBLIC .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the re-ceipt of a ballast water management report required under paragraph (2), the National Ballast Information Clearinghouse shall make the data in such report fully and read-ily available to the public in searchable and fully retrievable electronic formats. ‘‘(4) R
EPORT .—In consultation and coopera-tion with the Task Force and the Smithso-nian Institution (acting through the Smith-sonian Environmental Research Center), the Secretary shall prepare and submit to the Task Force and the appropriate committees of Congress and make available to the pub-lic, on a biennial basis not later than 180 days from the end of each odd numbered cal-endar year, a report that synthesizes and analyzes the data referred to in paragraph (1) for the previous 2 years to evaluate nation-wide status and trends relating to— ‘‘(A) ballast water delivery and manage-ment; and ‘‘(B) invasions of aquatic nuisance species resulting from ballast water. ‘‘(5) W
ORKING GROUP .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act, the Secretary shall establish a working group that includes members from the National Ballast Informa-tion Clearinghouse and States with ballast water management programs to establish a process for compiling and readily sharing Federal and State commercial vessel report-ing and enforcement data regarding compli-ance with this Act. ‘‘(6) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘ap-propriate committees of Congress’ means the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives.’’. 
SEC. ll08. REQUIREMENTS FOR DISCHARGES INCIDENTAL TO THE NORMAL OPER-ATION OF A COMMERCIAL VESSEL. 
(a) M ANAGEMENT OF INCIDENTAL DISCHARGE  
FORCOMMERCIAL VESSELS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in concurrence with the Ad-ministrator and in consultation with the States, shall publish a final rule in the Fed-eral Register that establishes best manage-ment practices for discharges incidental to the normal operation of a commercial vessel for commercial vessels that— (A) are greater than or equal to 79 feet in length; (B) are not fishing vessels, including fish processing vessels and fish tender vessels (as such terms are defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code); and (C) are not subject to the best management practices required under section ll09. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The best management prac-tices established under paragraph (1) shall— (A) mitigate the adverse impacts on the marine environment from discharges inci-dental to the normal operation of a commer-cial vessel and aquatic invasive species; (B) use marine pollution control devices when appropriate; (C) be economically achievable and oper-ationally practicable; and (D) not compromise the safety of a com-mercial vessel. (3) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall implement the best management practices established by final rule under paragraph (1) not later than 60 days after the date on which the final rule is published in the Fed-eral Register as required under such para-graph. (b) TRANSITION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sec-tion ll09(c) and notwithstanding the expi-ration date for the General Permit, any prac-tice, limitation, or concentration applicable to any discharge incidental to the normal operation of a commercial vessel that is re-quired by the General Permit on the date of the enactment of this Act, and any reporting requirement required by the General Permit on such date of enactment, shall remain in effect until the implementation date under subsection (a)(3). (2) P
ART 6 CONDITIONS .—Except as provided in section ll09(c) and notwithstanding paragraph (1) and any other provision of law, the terms and conditions of Part 6 of the General Permit (relating to specific require-ments for individual States or Indian coun-try lands) shall expire on the implementa-tion date under subsection (a)(3). (c) A
PPLICATION TO CERTAIN VESSELS .— (1) A
PPLICATION OF FEDERAL WATER POLLU -
TION CONTROL ACT .—No permit shall be re-quired under section 402 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1342) or pro-hibition enforced under any other provision of law for, nor shall any best management practice regarding a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a commercial vessel under this title apply to, a discharge inci-dental to the normal operation of a commer-cial vessel if the commercial vessel— (A) is less than 79 feet in length; or (B) is a fishing vessel, including a fish processing vessel or fish tender vessel (as such terms are defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code). (2) A
PPLICATION OF GENERAL PERMIT AND  
SMALL VESSEL GENERAL PERMIT .—The terms and conditions of the General Permit and the Small Vessel General Permit shall cease to apply to vessels described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1) on and after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) R
EVIEW AND REVISION .—The Secretary, in concurrence with the Administrator and in consultation with the States, shall— (1) review the practices and standards es-tablished under subsection (a) not less fre-quently than once every 10 years; and (2) revise such practices consistent with the elements described in paragraph (2) of such subsection. (e) S
TATE PETITION FOR REVISION OF BEST M
ANAGEMENT PRACTICES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Governor of a State may submit a petition to the Secretary re-questing that the Secretary, in concurrence with the Administrator, revise a best man-agement practice established under sub-section (a) if there is new information that could reasonably indicate that— (A) revising the best management practice would— (i) mitigate the adverse impacts on the ma-rine environment from discharges incidental to the normal operation of a commercial ves-sel or from aquatic invasive species; and (ii) reduce the adverse effects on navigable waters of the United States of discharges in-cidental to the normal operation of a com-mercial vessel; and (B) the revised best management practice would be economically achievable and oper-ationally practicable. (2) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .—A petition sub-mitted to the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) the scientific and technical informa-tion on which the petition is based; and (B) any additional information the Sec-retary and Administrator consider appro-priate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.031 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S715 February 7, 2018 
(3) P UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Upon receiving a petition under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall make publicly available a copy of the petition, including the information included under paragraph (2). (4) T
REATMENT OF MORE THAN ONE PETITION  
AS A SINGLE PETITION .—The Secretary may treat more than one petition submitted under paragraph (1) as a single petition. (5) R
EVISION OF BEST MANAGEMENT PRAC -
TICES .—If, after reviewing a petition sub-mitted by a Governor under paragraph (1), the Secretary, in concurrence with the Ad-ministrator, determines that revising a best management practice would mitigate the ad-verse impacts on the marine environment from discharges incidental to the normal op-eration of a commercial vessel or from aquatic invasive species, the Secretary, in concurrence with the Administrator and in consultation with the States, shall revise such practice consistent with the elements described in subsection (a)(2). (f) R
EPEAL OF NOPERMIT REQUIREMENT .— Public Law 110–299 (33 U.S.C. 1342 note) is amended by striking section 2. 
SEC. ll09. BEST MANAGEMENT PRACTICES FOR GREAT LAKES VESSELS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in concurrence with the Adminis-trator, shall publish a final rule in the Fed-eral Register that establishes best manage-ment practices for— (1) ballast water for commercial vessels op-erating in navigable waters of the United States within the Great Lakes and Saint Lawrence River; and (2) discharges incidental to the normal op-eration of a commercial vessel in navigable waters of the United States for commercial vessels operating in the Great Lakes and Saint Lawrence River that— (A) are greater than or equal to 79 feet in length; and (B) are not fishing vessels, including fish processing vessels and fish tender vessels (as such terms are defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The Secretary, in concur-rence with the Administrator and in con-sultation with the Governors of the Great Lakes States and the owners or operators of commercial vessels described in subsection (a), shall ensure that the best management practices established under subsection (a)— (1) mitigate the adverse impacts on the marine environment from discharges inci-dental to the normal operation of a commer-cial vessel and aquatic invasive species; (2) use marine pollution control devices when appropriate; (3) are economically achievable and oper-ationally practicable; (4) do not compromise the safety of a com-mercial vessel; and (5) to the extent possible, apply consist-ently to all navigable waters of the United States within the Great Lakes and Saint Lawrence River. (c) T
RANSITION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the expi-ration date for the General Permit and to the extent to which they do not conflict with section ll04(b), the following best manage-ment practices applicable to commercial ves-sels described in subsection (a) shall remain in effect until the date on which the best management practices described in such sub-section are implemented under subsection (g)(1): (A) Best management practices required by Part 2 of the General Permit. (B) Such other practices as required by the Secretary. (2) P
ART 6 BEST MANAGEMENT PRACTICES .— Notwithstanding the expiration date for the General Permit and to the extent to which they do not conflict with section ll04(b), the best management practices described by the sections in Part 6 of the General Permit applicable to the Great Lakes States that are applicable to commercial vessels de-scribed in subsection (a) shall expire on the date on which the best management prac-tices described in subsection (a) are imple-mented under subsection (g)(1). (d) OUTREACH .—The Secretary shall solicit recommendations and information from the Great Lakes States, Indian Tribes, owners and operators of vessels described in sub-section (a), and other persons that the Sec-retary considers appropriate in developing best management practices under subsection (a). (e) R
EVIEW AND REVISION OF BEST PRAC-
TICES .—Not less frequently than once every 5 years, the Secretary, in coordination with the Administrator, shall review the best management practices established under subsection (a) and revise such practices by rule published in the Federal Register con-sistent with subsections (b) and (d). (f) R
EVISED PRACTICES BY STATE PETI-
TION.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Governor of a Great Lakes State may petition the Secretary to revise the best management practices estab-lished under subsection (a), including by em-ploying additional best management prac-tices, consistent with the elements described in subsection (b), to address new and emerg-ing aquatic nuisance species or pollution threats, implement more effective practices, or update guidelines to harmonize require-ments on owners and operators of commer-cial vessels described in subsection (a). (2) D
ETERMINATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after receiving a petition under paragraph (1), the Secretary, in coordination with the Administrator, shall determine which, if any, best management practices included in such petition shall be required of commer-cial vessels described in subsection (a). (B) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall consult with the Governors of other Great Lakes States and owners or operators of commercial vessels that would be subject to best management practices pursuant to paragraph (1) before making a determination under subparagraph (A). (3) T
REATMENT OF PETITION .—The Secretary may treat more than one petition submitted under paragraph (1) as a single petition. (4) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary shall make publicly available a petition and any supporting documentation submitted under paragraph (1) for not less than 60 days prior to approving or disapproving such peti-tion. (g) I
MPLEMENTATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall im-plement the best management practices es-tablished by final rule under subsection (a) not later than 60 days after the date on which the final rule is published in the Fed-eral Register as required by such subsection. (2) I
MPLEMENTATION OF PRACTICES BY STATE  
PETITION .—Not later than 90 days after mak-ing a determination under subsection (f)(2), the Secretary shall, by rule published in the Federal Register, require commercial vessels that would be subject to the revised best management practices described in such sub-section to implement such practices. (h) E
MERGENCY BEST MANAGEMENT PRAC-
TICES .—The Secretary, in concurrence with the Administrator, may establish emergency best management practices if the Secretary, in concurrence with the Administrator, de-termines that such emergency best manage-ment practices are necessary to reduce the risk of introduction or establishment of aquatic nuisance species. (i) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary shall make publicly available any deter-mination made under this section. 
SEC. ll10. JUDICIAL REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—A person may file a peti-tion for review of a final rule or a final agen-cy action issued under this title in the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-trict of Columbia Circuit. (b) D
EADLINE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A petition shall be filed under this section not later than 120 days after the date on which the final rule to be reviewed is published in the Federal Register or the final agency action is issued, as the case may be. (2) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding para-graph (1), a petition that is based solely on grounds that arise after the deadline to file a petition under paragraph (1) has passed may be filed not later than 120 days after the date on which such grounds first arise. 
SEC. ll11. STATE ENFORCEMENT. 
(a) S TATE AUTHORITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Gov-ernors of the States, shall develop and pub-lish Federal and State inspection, data man-agement, and enforcement procedures for the enforcement of standards and requirements under this title by States. (2) P
ROCEDURES .—Procedures developed and published under paragraph (1)— (A) may be periodically updated; (B) shall describe the conditions and proce-dures under which the Secretary may sus-pend the agreement described in paragraph (3); and (C) shall have a mechanism for the Sec-retary to provide to the Governor of a State, if requested by the Governor, access to Auto-mated Identification System arrival data for inbound vessels to specific ports or places of destination in the State. (3) S
TATE ENFORCEMENT .—The Secretary shall enter into an agreement with the Gov-ernor of a State to authorize the State to in-spect vessels to enforce the provisions of this title in accordance with the procedures de-veloped under paragraph (1). (b) F
EES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (2), (3), and (4), a State that assesses a permit fee, inspection fee, or other fee related to the regulation of ballast water or a discharge in-cidental to the normal operation of a com-mercial vessel before the date of the enact-ment of this Act may assess a fee to cover the costs of program administration, inspec-tion, and enforcement activities by the State. (2) M
AXIMUM FEE .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), a State may assess a fee under this subsection of not more than $1,000 per qualifying voyage to the owner or operator of a commercial vessel arriving at a port or place of destination in the State. (3) C
OMMERCIAL VESSELS ENGAGED IN COAST -
WISE TRADE .—A State may not assess more than $5,000 in fees per vessel each year to the owner or operator of a commercial vessel registered under the laws of the United States and lawfully engaged in the coastwise trade. (4) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—A State may adjust a fee authorized by this sub-section every 5 years to reflect the percent-age by which the Consumer Price Index for all urban consumers published by the De-partment of Labor for the month of October immediately preceding the date of adjust-ment exceeds the Consumer Price Index for all urban consumers published by the De-partment of Labor for the month of October that immediately precedes the date that is 5 years before the date of adjustment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.031 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES716 February 7, 2018 
(5) Q UALIFYING VOYAGE .—In this sub-section, the term ‘‘qualifying voyage’’ means a vessel arrival at a port or place of destina-tion in a State by a commercial vessel that has operated outside of that State and ex-cludes movement entirely within a single port or place of destination. (c) E
FFECT ON STATE AUTHORITY .—Except as provided in subsection (a) and as nec-essary to implement an agreement entered into under such subsection, no State or po-litical subdivision thereof may adopt or en-force any statute, regulation, or other re-quirement of the State or political subdivi-sion with respect to— (1) a discharge into navigable waters of the United States from a commercial vessel of ballast water; or (2) a discharge into navigable waters of the United States incidental to the normal oper-ation of a commercial vessel. (d) P
RESERVATION OF AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this title may be construed as affecting the authority of a State or political subdivi-sion thereof to adopt or enforce any statute, regulation, or other requirement with re-spect to any water or other substance dis-charged or emitted from a vessel in prepara-tion for transport of the vessel by land from one body of water to another body of water. 
SEC. ll12. EFFECT ON OTHER LAWS. 
(a) A PPLICATION OF FEDERAL WATER POLLU -
TION CONTROL ACT.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sec-tions ll08(b) and ll09(c) of this title, or in section 159.309 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations (or similar successor regula-tions), on and after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, section 402 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1342) shall not apply to a discharge into navigable waters of the United States of ballast water from a commercial vessel or a discharge inci-dental to the normal operation of a commer-cial vessel. (2) O
IL AND HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCE LIABIL -
ITY; MARINE SANITATION DEVICES .—Nothing in this title may be construed as affecting the application to a commercial vessel of section 311 or 312 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321; 1322). (b) E
STABLISHED REGIMES .—Notwith- standing any other provision of this title, nothing in this title may be construed as af-fecting the authority of the Federal Govern-ment under— (1) the Act to Prevent Pollution from Ships (33 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.) with respect to the regulation by the Federal Government of any discharge or emission that, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, is cov-ered under— (A) the Protocol of 1978 Relating to the International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships, 1973, with annexes and protocols, done at London February 17, 1978; or (B) title XIV of division B of the Consoli-dated Appropriations Act, 2001 (33 U.S.C. 1901 note); (2) title X of the Coast Guard Authoriza-tion Act of 2010 (33 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.) with respect to the regulation by the Federal Gov-ernment of any anti-fouling system that, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, is covered under the International Con-vention on the Control of Harmful Anti-foul-ing Systems on Ships, 2001, done at London October 5, 2001; and (3) section 312 of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322). (c) I
NTERNATIONAL LAW.—Any action taken under this title shall be taken in accordance with international law. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1205 of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Pre-vention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4725) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘Ballast water and discharges inci-dental to the normal operation of a commer-cial vessel, as such terms are defined in the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act, shall be regulated pursuant to such Act.’’. SEC. ll13. QUAGGA MUSSEL. 
The Secretary of the Interior shall pre-scribe by regulation that the quagga mussel (Dreissena rostriformis bugensis) is a species that is injurious under section 42 of title 18, United States Code. 
SEC. ll14. COASTAL AQUATIC INVASIVE SPE-CIES MITIGATION GRANT PROGRAM AND MITIGATION FUND. 
(a) C OASTAL AQUATIC INVASIVE SPECIES  M
ITIGATION GRANT PROGRAM .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) C
OASTAL ZONE .—The term ‘‘coastal zone’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 304 of the Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1453). (B) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means a State government, local government, Indian Tribe, nongovernmental organization, or academic institution. (C) E
XCLUSIVE ECONOMIC ZONE .—The term ‘‘Exclusive Economic Zone’’ means the Ex-clusive Economic Zone of the United States, as established by Presidential Proclamation 5030 of March 10, 1983 (16 U.S.C. 1453 note). (D) F
OUNDATION .—The term ‘‘Foundation’’ means the National Fish and Wildlife Foun-dation established by section 2(a) of the Na-tional Fish and Wildlife Foundation Estab-lishment Act (16 U.S.C. 3701(a)). (E) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘‘Program’’ means the Coastal Aquatic Invasive Species Mitiga-tion Grant Program established under para-graph (2). (2) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of Commerce and the Foundation shall estab-lish the Coastal Aquatic Invasive Species Mitigation Grant Program to award grants to eligible entities, as described in this sub-section. (3) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the Pro-gram are— (A) to improve the understanding, preven-tion, and mitigation of, and response to, aquatic invasive species in the coastal zone and the Exclusive Economic Zone; (B) to support the prevention and mitiga-tion of impacts from aquatic invasive species in the coastal zone of the United States; and (C) to support the restoration of marine, estuarine, Pacific Island habitats, and the Great Lakes environments in the coastal zone and the Exclusive Economic Zone that are impacted by aquatic invasive species. (4) U
SE OF GRANTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A grant awarded under the Program shall be used for an activity to carry out the purposes of the Program, in-cluding an activity— (i) to develop and implement procedures and programs to prevent, control, mitigate, or progressively eradicate aquatic invasive species in the coastal zone or the Exclusive Economic Zone, particularly in areas with high numbers of established aquatic invasive species; (ii) to restore habitat impacted by an aquatic invasive species; (iii) to develop new shipboard and land- based ballast water treatment system tech-nologies and performance standards to pre-vent the introduction of aquatic invasive species; (iv) to develop mitigation measures to pro-tect natural and cultural living resources, including shellfish, from the impacts of aquatic invasive species; or (v) to develop mitigation measures to pro-tect infrastructure, such as hydroelectric in-frastructure, from aquatic invasive species. (B) PROHIBITION ON FUNDING LITIGATION .—A grant awarded under the Program may not be used to fund litigation in any matter. (5) A
DMINISTRATION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Foundation, in consultation with the Secretary of Commerce, shall establish the following: (A) Application and review procedures for awarding grants under the Program. (B) Approval procedures for awarding grants under the Program. Such procedures shall require consultation with the Sec-retary of the Interior and the Administrator. (C) Performance accountability and moni-toring measures for activities funded by a grant awarded under the Program. (D) Procedures and methods to ensure ac-curate accounting and appropriate adminis-tration of grants awarded under the Pro-gram, including standards of record keeping. (6) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .—Each eligible entity awarded a grant under the Program to carry out an activity shall provide matching funds to carry out such activity, in cash or through in-kind contributions from sources other than the Federal Government, in an amount equal to 50 percent of the cost of such activity. (7) F
UNDING .—The Secretary of Commerce and the Foundation shall use the amounts available in the Coastal Aquatic Invasive Species Mitigation Fund established under subsection (b), to award grants under the Program. (b) C
OASTAL AQUATIC INVASIVE SPECIES  M
ITIGATION FUND.— (1) C
REATION OF FUND .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a trust fund to be known as the ‘‘Coastal Aquatic Invasive Species Mitigation Fund’’ (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Fund’’), consisting of such amounts as may be appropriated or credited to the Fund as provided in this sec-tion or section 9602 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (2) T
RANSFERS TO FUND .— (A) A
PPROPRIATION .—There is authorized to be appropriated from the Treasury to the Fund each fiscal year an amount equal to the penalties assessed under section ll03(b) of this title in the prior fiscal year. (B) A
UTHORIZATION OF FURTHER APPROPRIA -
TIONS .—There is authorized to be appro-priated to the Fund, in addition to the amounts transferred to the Fund under para-graph (1), $5,000,000 for each fiscal year. (3) E
XPENDITURES FROM FUND .—Amounts in the Fund shall be available without further appropriation to the Secretary of Commerce and the National Fish and Wildlife Founda-tion established by section 2(a) of the Na-tional Fish and Wildlife Foundation Estab-lishment Act to award grants under the Coastal Aquatic Invasive Species Mitigation Grant Program established under subsection (a)(2). 
SEC. ll15. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. 
(a) I NTERNATIONAL STANDARDS .—Nothing in this title may be construed to impose any design, equipment, or operation standard on a commercial vessel not documented under the laws of the United States and engaged in innocent passage unless the standard imple-ments a generally accepted international rule, as determined by the Secretary. (b) O
THER AUTHORITIES .—Nothing in this title may construed as affecting the author-ity of the Secretary of Commerce or the Sec-retary of the Interior to administer lands or waters under the administrative control of the Secretary of Commerce or the Secretary of the Interior. 
SA 1929. Mr. WICKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1892, to amend title 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.031 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S717 February 7, 2018 
4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first re-sponder in the line of duty; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: TITLE ll—VESSEL INCIDENTAL DISCHARGE ACT 
SEC. ll01. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Vessel Inci-dental Discharge Act’’. 
SEC. ll02. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the En-vironmental Protection Agency. (2) A
QUATIC NUISANCE SPECIES .—The term ‘‘aquatic nuisance species’’ means a non-indigenous species (including a pathogen, microbe, or virus) that threatens the diver-sity or abundance of native species or the ec-ological stability of waters of the United States, or commercial, agricultural, aquacultural, or recreational activities de-pendent on such waters. (3) B
ALLAST WATER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘ballast water’’ means any water and suspended matter taken on board a commercial vessel— (i) to control or maintain trim, draught, stability, or stresses of the commercial ves-sel, regardless of how such water and matter is carried; or (ii) during the cleaning, maintenance, or other operation of a ballast tank or ballast water management system of the commer-cial vessel. (B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘ballast water’’ does not include any substance that is added to water described in subparagraph (A) that is directly related to the operation of a prop-erly functioning ballast water management system. (4) B
ALLAST WATER DISCHARGE STANDARD .— The term ‘‘ballast water discharge standard’’ means— (A) the numerical ballast water discharge standard set forth in section 151.2030 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, or section 151.1511 of such title (as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act); or (B) if the standard described in subpara-graph (A) has been revised under section ll06, such revised standard. (5) B
ALLAST WATER MANAGEMENT SYSTEM .— The term ‘‘ballast water management sys-tem’’ means any system, including all bal-last water treatment equipment and all asso-ciated control and monitoring equipment, that processes ballast water— (A) to kill, render nonviable, or remove or-ganisms; or (B) to avoid the uptake or discharge of or-ganisms. (6) B
EST AVAILABLE TECHNOLOGY ECONOMI -
CALLY ACHIEVABLE .—The term ‘‘best avail-able technology economically achievable’’ has the meaning given that term in sections 301(b)(2)(A) and 304(b)(2)(B) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1311(b)(2)(A) and 1314(b)(2)(B)) as such term applies to a mobile point source. (7) B
IOCIDE .—The term ‘‘biocide’’ means a substance or organism that is introduced into or produced by a ballast water manage-ment system to kill or eliminate aquatic nuisance species as part of the process used to comply with a ballast water discharge standard. (8) C
APTAIN OF THE PORT ZONE .—The term ‘‘Captain of the Port Zone’’ means a Captain of the Port Zone established by the Sec-retary pursuant to sections 92, 93, and 633 of title 14, United States Code. (9) C
OMMERCIAL VESSEL .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘‘commercial vessel’’ means— (i) a vessel (as defined in section 3 of title 1, United States Code) that is engaged in commercial service (as defined in section 2101(5) of title 46, United States Code); or (ii) a vessel that is within the scope of the General Permit or Small Vessel General Per-mit on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. (B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘commercial vessel’’ does not include— (i) a recreational vessel; or (ii) a vessel of the armed forces (as defined in section 312 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322)). (10) D
ISCHARGE INCIDENTAL TO THE NORMAL  
OPERATION OF A COMMERCIAL VESSEL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘discharge inci-dental to the normal operation of a commer-cial vessel’’ means— (i) a discharge into navigable waters of the United States from a commercial vessel of— (I)(aa) graywater, bilge water, cooling water, oil water separator effluent, anti-foul-ing hull coating leachate, boiler or econo-mizer blowdown, byproducts from cathodic protection, controllable pitch propeller and thruster hydraulic fluid, distillation and re-verse osmosis brine, elevator pit effluent, firemain system effluent, freshwater layup effluent, gas turbine wash water, motor gas-oline and compensating effluent, refrigera-tion and air condensate effluent, seawater piping biofouling prevention substances, boat engine wet exhaust, sonar dome efflu-ent, exhaust gas scrubber wash water, or stern tube packing gland effluent; or (bb) any other pollutant associated with the operation of a marine propulsion system, shipboard maneuvering system, habitability system, or installed major equipment, or from a protective, preservative, or absorp-tive application to the hull of a commercial vessel; (II) deck runoff, deck washdown, above the waterline hull cleaning effluent, aqueous film forming foam effluent, chain locker ef-fluent, non-oily machinery wastewater, un-derwater ship husbandry effluent, welldeck effluent, or fish hold and fish hold cleaning effluent; or (III) any effluent from a properly func-tioning marine engine; or (ii) a discharge of a pollutant into navi-gable waters of the United States in connec-tion with the testing, maintenance, or repair of a system, equipment, or engine described in subclause (I)(bb) or (III) of clause (i) when-ever the commercial vessel is waterborne. (B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘discharge in-cidental to the normal operation of a com-mercial vessel’’ does not include— (i) any discharge into navigable waters of the United States from a commercial vessel of— (I) ballast water; (II) rubbish, trash, garbage, incinerator ash, or other such material discharged over-board; (III) oil or a hazardous substance (as such terms are defined in section 311 of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321)); or (IV) sewage (as defined in section 312(a)(6) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322(a)(6))); or (ii) any emission of an air pollutant result-ing from the operation onboard a commer-cial vessel of a commercial vessel propulsion system, motor driven equipment, or inciner-ator; (iii) any discharge into navigable waters of the United States from a commercial vessel when the commercial vessel is operating in a capacity other than as a means of transpor-tation on water; or (iv) any discharge that results from an ac-tivity other than the normal operation of a commercial vessel. (11) EMPTY BALLAST TANK .—The term ‘‘empty ballast tank’’ means a tank— (A) intended to hold ballast water that has been drained to the limit of the functional or operational capabilities of such tank, such as loss of suction, and otherwise recorded as empty on a vessel log; and (B) that contains unpumpable residual bal-last water and sediments. (12) E
XCHANGE .—The term ‘‘exchange’’ means, with respect to ballast water, to re-place the water in a ballast water tank using one of the following methods: (A) Flow-through exchange, in which bal-last water is flushed out by pumping in mid- ocean water at the bottom of the tank and continuously overflowing the tank from the top until 3 full volumes of water has been changed to minimize the number of original organisms remaining in the tank. (B) Empty and refill exchange, in which ballast water taken on in ports, estuarine waters, or territorial waters is pumped out until the pump loses suction, after which the ballast tank is refilled with mid-ocean water. (13) G
ENERAL PERMIT .—The term ‘‘General Permit’’ means the ‘‘Final National Pollut-ant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) General Permit for Discharges Incidental to the Normal Operation of a Vessel’’ noticed in the Federal Register on April 12, 2013 (78 Fed. Reg. 21938). (14) G
REAT LAKES STATES .—The term ‘‘Great Lakes States’’ means Illinois, Indi-ana, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin. (15) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given that term in section 4(e) of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304(e)). (16) M
AJOR CONVERSION .—The term ‘‘major conversion’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2101(14a) of title 46, United States Code. (17) M
ARINE POLLUTION CONTROL DEVICE .— The term ‘‘marine pollution control device’’ means any equipment for installation or use on board a commercial vessel that is— (A) designed to receive, retain, treat, con-trol, or discharge a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a commercial vessel; and (B) determined by the Secretary, in con-sultation with the Administrator, to be the most effective equipment or management practice to reduce the environmental impact of the discharge consistent with the consid-erations set forth in section ll08(a)(2). (18) M
ID-OCEAN WATER .—The term ‘‘mid- ocean water’’ means water greater than 200 nautical miles from any shore. (19) N
AVIGABLE WATERS OF THE UNITED  
STATES .—The term ‘‘navigable waters of the United States’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2101(17a) of title 46, United States Code. (20) O
PERATING IN A CAPACITY OTHER THAN  
AS A MEANS OF TRANSPORTATION ON WATER .— The term ‘‘operating in a capacity other than as a means of transportation on water’’ includes— (A) when in use as an energy or mining fa-cility; (B) when in use as a storage facility or sea-food processing facility; (C) when secured to a storage facility or seafood processing facility; and (D) when secured to the bed of the ocean, contiguous zone, or waters of the United States for the purpose of mineral or oil ex-ploration or development. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.033 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES718 February 7, 2018 
(21) O RGANISM .—The term ‘‘organism’’ means any organism and includes pathogens, microbes, viruses, bacteria, and fungi. (22) O
WNER OR OPERATOR .—The term ‘‘owner or operator’’ means a person owning, operating, or chartering by demise a com-mercial vessel. (23) P
ACIFIC COAST REGION .—The term ‘‘Pa-cific Coast Region’’ means Federal and State waters adjacent to Alaska, Washington, Or-egon, or California extending from shore and including the entire exclusive economic zone (as defined in section 1001(8) of the Oil Pollu-tion Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701(8))) adjacent to each such State. (24) P
OLLUTANT .—The term ‘‘pollutant’’ has the meaning given that term in section 502(6) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1362(6)). (25) P
ORT OR PLACE OF DESTINATION .—The term ‘‘port or place of destination’’ means any port or place to which a vessel is bound to anchor or moor. (26) R
ECREATIONAL VESSEL .—The term ‘‘rec-reational vessel’’ has the meaning given that term in section 502 of the Federal Water Pol-lution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1362). (27) R
ENDER NONVIABLE .—The term ‘‘render nonviable’’ means, with respect to organisms in ballast water, the action of a ballast water management system that leaves such organisms permanently incapable of repro-duction following treatment. (28) S
ALTWATER FLUSH .—The term ‘‘salt-water flush’’— (A) means— (i) the addition of as much mid-ocean water into each empty ballast tank of a com-mercial vessel as is safe for such vessel and crew and the mixing of the flushwater with residual water and sediment through the mo-tion of such vessel; and (ii) the discharge of the mixed water, such that the resultant residual water remaining in the tank has the highest salinity possible, and is at least 30 parts per thousand; and (B) may require more than one fill-mix- empty sequence, particularly if only small amounts of water can be safely taken on-board the commercial vessel at one time. (29) S
ECRETARY .—Except as otherwise spec-ified, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. (30) S
MALL VESSEL GENERAL PERMIT .—The term ‘‘Small Vessel General Permit’’ means the ‘‘Final National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) General Per-mit for Discharges Incidental to the Normal Operation of a Small Vessel’’ noticed in the Federal Register on September 10, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 53702) 
SEC. ll03. TREATMENT OF EXISTING BALLAST WATER REGULATIONS. 
(a) E FFECT ON EXISTING REGULATIONS .— Any regulation issued pursuant to the Non-indigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.) that is in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, and that relates to a matter subject to regulation under this title, shall remain in full force and effect un-less or until superseded by a new regulation issued under this title relating to such mat-ter. (b) A
PPLICATION OF OTHER REGULATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The regulations issued pursuant to the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nui-sance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.) relating to sanctions for violating a regulation under that Act shall apply to violations of a regulation issued under this title. (2) P
ENALTIES .—The penalties for viola-tions described in paragraph (1) shall in-crease consistent with inflation. SEC. ll04. BALLAST WATER DISCHARGE RE-QUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Except as provided in paragraph (7), and subject to sections 151.2035 and 151.2036 of title 33, Code of Federal Regu-lations (as in effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act), an owner or operator may discharge ballast water into navigable waters of the United States from a commer-cial vessel covered under subsection (b) only if the owner or operator discharges the bal-last water in accordance with requirements established by this title or the Secretary. (2) C
OMMERCIAL VESSELS ENTERING THE  
GREAT LAKES SYSTEM .—If a commercial ves-sel enters the Great Lakes through the mouth of the Saint Lawrence River, the owner or operator shall— (A) comply with the applicable require-ments of— (i) paragraph (1); (ii) subpart C of part 151 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations (or similar successor regulations); and (iii) section 401.30 of such title (or similar successor regulations); and (B) after operating— (i) outside the exclusive economic zone of the United States or Canada, conduct a com-plete ballast water exchange in an area that is 200 nautical miles or more from any shore before the owner or operator may discharge ballast water while operating in the Saint Lawrence River or the Great Lakes, subject to any requirements the Secretary deter-mines necessary with regard to such ex-change or any ballast water management system that is to be used in conjunction with such exchange, to ensure that any discharge of ballast water complies with the require-ments under paragraph (1); or (ii) exclusively within the territorial waters or exclusive economic zone of the United States or Canada, conduct a complete ballast water exchange outside the Saint Lawrence River and the Great Lakes in an area that is 50 nautical miles or more from any shore before the owner or operator may discharge ballast water while operating in the Saint Lawrence River or the Great Lakes, subject to any requirements the Sec-retary determines necessary with regard to such exchange or any ballast water manage-ment system that is to be used in conjunc-tion with such exchange, to ensure that any discharge of ballast water complies with the requirements under paragraph (1), unless traveling 50 nautical miles or more from shore would compromise commercial vessel safety or is otherwise prohibited by any do-mestic or international regulation. (3) C
OMMERCIAL VESSELS OPERATING WITHIN  
THE PACIFIC COAST REGION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (C) and paragraph (6), the owner or operator of a commercial vessel de-scribed in subparagraph (B) shall conduct a complete ballast water exchange in waters more than 50 nautical miles from shore. (B) C
OMMERCIAL VESSEL DESCRIBED .—A commercial vessel described in this subpara-graph is a commercial vessel— (i) operating between 2 ports or places of destination within the Pacific Coast Region; or (ii) operating between a port or place of destination within the Pacific Coast Region and a port or place of destination on the Pa-cific Coast of Canada or Mexico north of 20 degrees north latitude, inclusive of the Gulf of California. (C) E
XEMPTIONS .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to the following: (i) A commercial vessel voyaging between or to a port or place of destination in the State of Washington, if the ballast water to be discharged from such vessel originated solely from waters located between the par-allel 43 degrees, 32 minutes north latitude, including the internal waters of the Colum-bia River, and the internal waters of Canada south of parallel 50 degrees north latitude, including the waters of the Strait of Georgia and the Strait of Juan de Fuca. (ii) A commercial vessel voyaging between ports or places of destination in the States of Washington and Oregon if the ballast water to be discharged from such vessel originated solely from waters located between the par-allel 40 degrees north latitude and the par-allel 50 degrees north latitude. (iii) A commercial vessel voyaging between ports or places of destination in the State of California within the San Francisco Bay area east of the Golden Gate Bridge, includ-ing the Port of Stockton and the Port of Sacramento, if any ballast water to be dis-charged from such vessel originated solely from ports or places within such area. (iv) A commercial vessel voyaging between the Port of Los Angeles, the Port of Long Beach, and the El Segundo offshore marine oil terminal if any ballast water to be dis-charged from such vessel originated solely from the Port of Los Angeles, the Port of Long Beach, or the El Segundo offshore ma-rine oil terminal. (v) A commercial vessel voyaging between a port or place in the State of Alaska within a single Captain of the Port Zone. (4) EMPTY BALLAST TANKS .— (A) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B) and paragraph (6), the owner or operator of a commercial vessel with empty ballast tanks shall conduct a saltwater flush— (i) at least 200 nautical miles from any shore for voyages originating outside the United States or Canadian exclusive eco-nomic zone; or (ii) at least 50 nautical miles from any shore for voyages within the Pacific Coast Region. (B) E
XCEPTION .—The requirements of sub-paragraph (A) shall not apply— (i) if a ballast tank’s unpumpable residual waters and sediments were subject to a salt-water flush, ballast water exchange, or treat-ment through a ballast water management system; or (ii) unless otherwise required under this title, if the ballast tank’s unpumpable resid-ual waters and sediments were sourced with-in the same port or place of destination, or Captain of the Port Zone. (5) L
OW SALINITY BALLAST WATER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B) and paragraph (6), owners or operators of commercial vessels that transport ballast water sourced from waters with a measured salinity of less than 18 parts per thousand, except as provided by a public or commercial source under subsection (b)(2)(C), and voyage to a Pacific Coast Re-gion port or place of destination that has a measured salinity of less than 18 parts per thousand shall conduct a complete ballast water exchange— (i) more than 50 nautical miles from shore if the ballast water was sourced from a Pa-cific Coast Region port or place of destina-tion; or (ii) more than 200 nautical miles from shore if the ballast water was not sourced from a Pacific Coast Region port or place of destination. (B) E
XCEPTION .—The requirements of sub-paragraph (A) shall not apply to a commer-cial vessel that has a ballast water manage-ment system approved for treating fresh-water at concentrations prescribed in section ll06(a)(1)(A) or that retains all of its bal-last water. (6) E
XEMPTED VESSELS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.038 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S719 February 7, 2018 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The requirements of paragraphs (3), (4), and (5) shall not apply to a commercial vessel if— (i) complying with such requirements would compromise the safety of the commer-cial vessel; (ii) design limitations of the commercial vessel prevent ballast water exchange or saltwater flush from being conducted; (iii) the commercial vessel is certified by the Secretary as having no residual ballast water or sediments on board or retains all its ballast water while in waters subject to such requirements; or (iv) empty ballast tanks on the commer-cial vessel are sealed and certified by the Secretary so there is no discharge or uptake and subsequent discharge of ballast waters subject to such requirements. (B) A
DDITIONAL EXEMPTIONS .—The require-ments of paragraphs (3) and (4) shall not apply to a commercial vessel if the commer-cial vessel uses a method of ballast water management approved by the Coast Guard under section ll05 of this title or subpart 162.060 of title 46, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or similar successor regulations). (7) S
AFETY EXEMPTION .—Notwithstanding paragraphs (1) through (6), an owner or oper-ator of a commercial vessel may discharge ballast water into navigable waters of the United States from a commercial vessel if— (A) the ballast water is discharged solely to ensure the safety of life at sea; (B) the ballast water is discharged acciden-tally as the result of damage to the commer-cial vessel or its equipment and— (i) all reasonable precautions to prevent or minimize the discharge have been taken; and (ii) the owner or operator did not willfully or recklessly cause such damage; or (C) the ballast water is discharged solely for the purpose of avoiding or minimizing a discharge from the commercial vessel of a pollutant that would violate a Federal or State law. (8) L
OGBOOK REQUIREMENTS .—Section 11301(b) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(13) when a commercial vessel does not carry out ballast water management require-ments as applicable and pursuant to regula-tions promulgated and issued by the Sec-retary, including when such a vessel fails to carry out ballast water management require-ments due to an allowed safety exemption, a statement about the failure to comply and the circumstances under which the failure occurred, made immediately after when practicable to do so.’’. (9) L
IMITATION OF REQUIREMENTS .—In estab- lishing requirements under this subsection, the Secretary may not require the installa-tion of a ballast water management system on a commercial vessel that— (A) carries all of its ballast water in sealed tanks that— (i) are not subject to discharge; (ii) have been certified by the Secretary; and (iii) have been noted in the commercial vessel logbook; or (B) discharges ballast water solely into a reception facility described in subsection (d). (b) A
PPLICABILITY .— (1) C
OVERED VESSELS .—Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3), subsection (a) shall apply to any commercial vessel that is de-signed, constructed, or adapted to carry bal-last water while such commercial vessel is operating in navigable waters of the United States. (2) E
XEMPTED VESSELS .—Subsection (a) shall not apply to a commercial vessel— (A) that continuously takes on and dis-charges ballast water in a flow-through sys-tem, if such system does not introduce aquatic nuisance species into navigable waters of the United States, as determined by the Secretary; (B) in the National Defense Reserve Fleet that is scheduled for disposal, if the vessel does not have ballast water management systems or the ballast water management systems of the vessel are inoperable; (C) that discharges ballast water con-sisting solely of water taken aboard from a public or commercial source that, at the time the water is taken aboard, meets the applicable regulations or permit require-ments for such source under the Safe Drink-ing Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.); (D) in an alternative compliance program established pursuant to subsection (c); (E) that carries all of its permanent ballast water in sealed tanks that are not subject to discharge; or (F) uses other liquid or material as ballast and does not discharge ballast overboard. (3) VESSELS OPERATING EXCLUSIVELY WITHIN  
THE GREAT LAKES AND SAINT LAWRENCE  
RIVER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A commercial vessel that operates exclusively within the Great Lakes and Saint Lawrence River shall be subject to subsection (a). (B) T
RANSITION .—Notwithstanding subpara-graph (A), a commercial vessel that operates exclusively within the Great Lakes and Saint Lawrence River that is not required to comply with the ballast water discharge standard on the day before the date of enact-ment of this Act shall transition into com-pliance with subsection (a) under the special rules established in subparagraph (C) of this subsection: (C) S
PECIAL RULES .—The Secretary shall require a class of commercial vessels de-scribed in subparagraph (B) of this sub-section to comply with subsection (a) only if the Secretary— (i) approves a ballast water management system for such class of commercial vessels under section ll05 of this title or subpart 162.060 of title 46, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or similar successor regulation); (ii) determines that such ballast water management system meets the operationally practicable criteria described in section ll06 with respect to such class of commer-cial vessels complying with the ballast water discharge standard; (iii) determines that requiring such class of commercial vessels to comply with the bal-last water discharge standard is operation-ally practicable for such class of commercial vessels; and (iv) in coordination with the Adminis-trator, conducts a probabilistic assessment of the benefits to the environment and the costs to industry of compliance with sub-section (a) by such class of commercial ves-sels and determines that such benefits ex-ceed such costs. (D) R
ECONSIDERATION .—If the Secretary de-termines under subparagraph (C)(iv) that such benefits do not exceed such costs, the Secretary, in coordination with the Adminis-trator, shall reconsider the determination of the Secretary under that subparagraph— (i) if a petition is received from a Governor of a Great Lakes State that— (I) includes new data or science not consid-ered during such determination; and (II) is submitted not less than 1 year after the date of such determination; or (ii) not later than 5 years after the date of such determination. (E) C
OMPLIANCE DEADLINE .—A class of com-mercial vessels that is required by the Sec-retary to comply with subsection (a) under the special rules established by subparagraph (C) of this subsection shall comply with the ballast water discharge standard— (i) after completion of the first scheduled vessel dry docking that commences on or after the date that is 3 years after the date that the Secretary requires compliance under subparagraph (C), for a vessel built on or before the date that is 3 years after date the Secretary terminates such exemption; or (ii) upon entry into the navigable waters of the United States for a vessel that is built after the date that is 3 years after the date the Secretary requires compliance under subparagraph (C) for such class of vessels. (F) REPORT .—Not less than 60 days after a determination by the Secretary under sub-paragraph (C)(iv), the Secretary shall pro-vide a report to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives describing how the costs were considered in the assessment required by that subparagraph. (c) R
ECEPTION FACILITIES ; T RANSFER  S
TANDARDS .—The Secretary, in coordination with the Administrator, may promulgate standards for the arrangements necessary on a vessel to transfer ballast water to a facil-ity. 
SEC. ll05. APPROVAL OF BALLAST WATER MAN-AGEMENT SYSTEMS. 
(a) B ALLAST WATER MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS  T
HAT RENDER ORGANISMS NONVIABLE .—Not- withstanding chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, part 151 of title 33, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or similar successor regu-lations), and part 162 of title 46, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or similar successor regu-lations), a ballast water management system that renders nonviable organisms in ballast water at the concentrations prescribed in the ballast water discharge standard shall be ap-proved by the Secretary, if— (1) such system— (A) undergoes type approval testing at an independent laboratory designated by the Secretary under such regulations; and (B) meets the requirements of subpart 162.060 of title 46, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or similar successor regulations), other than the requirements related to stain-ing methods or measuring the concentration of living organisms; and (2) such laboratory uses a testing method described in a final policy letter published under subsection (c)(3). (b) P
ROHIBITION ON BIOCIDES .—The Sec-retary shall not approve a ballast water management system under subsection (a) or subpart 162.060 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations (or similar successor regula-tions), if such system— (1) uses a biocide or generates a biocide that is a pesticide, as defined in section 2 of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136), unless the biocide is registered under that Act or the Administrator has approved the use of the biocide in such ballast water management system; or (2) uses or generates a biocide the dis-charge of which causes or contributes to a violation of a water quality standard under section 303 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1313). (c) A
PPROVAL TESTING METHODS .— (1) D
RAFT POLICY .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Ad-ministrator, shall publish a draft policy let-ter, based on the best available science, de-scribing type approval testing methods and protocols for ballast water management sys-tems that may be used in addition to the methods established in subpart 162.060 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations (or similar successor regulations)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.038 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES720 February 7, 2018 
(A) to measure the concentration of orga-nisms in ballast water that are capable of re-production; (B) to certify the performance of each bal-last water management system under this section; and (C) to certify laboratories to evaluate such treatment technologies. (2) P
UBLIC COMMENT .—The Secretary shall provide for a period of not more than 60 days for the public to comment on the draft pol-icy letter published under paragraph (1). (3) F
INAL POLICY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 150 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Ad-ministrator, shall publish a final policy let-ter describing type approval testing methods for ballast water management systems capa-ble of measuring the concentration of orga-nisms in ballast water that are capable of re-production based on the best available science that may be used in addition to the methods established in subpart 162.060 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations (or similar successor regulations). (B) R
EVISIONS .—The Secretary shall revise the final policy letter published under sub-paragraph (A) as additional testing methods are determined by the Secretary, in coordi-nation with the Administrator, to be capable of measuring the concentration of organisms in ballast water that are capable of reproduc-tion. (C) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In developing a pol-icy letter under this paragraph, the Sec-retary, in coordination with the Adminis-trator— (i) shall consider a testing method that uses organism grow out and most probable number statistical analysis to determine the concentration of organisms in ballast water that are capable of reproduction; and (ii) shall not consider a testing method that relies on a staining method that meas-ures the concentration of organisms greater than or equal to 10 micrometers and orga-nisms less than or equal to 50 micrometers. 
SEC. ll06. REVIEW AND RAISING OF BALLAST WATER DISCHARGE STANDARD. 
(a) S TRINGENCY REVIEWS .— (1) S
IX-YEAR REVIEW .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 2024, and subject to petitions for review under paragraph (3), the Secretary, in con-currence with the Administrator, shall com-plete a review to determine whether, based on the application of the best available tech-nology economically achievable and oper-ationally practicable, the ballast water dis-charge standard can be revised such that bal-last water discharged in the normal oper-ation of a vessel contains— (i) less than 1 organism that is living or has not been rendered nonviable per 10 cubic meters that is 50 or more micrometers in minimum dimension; (ii) less than 1 organism that is living or has not been rendered nonviable per 10 milli-liters that is less than 50 micrometers in minimum dimension and more than 10 mi-crometers in minimum dimension; (iii) concentrations of indicator microbes that are less than— (I) 1 colony-forming unit of toxicogenic Vibrio cholera (serotypes O1 and O139) per 100 milliliters or less than 1 colony-forming unit of that microbe per gram of wet weight of zoological samples; (II) 126 colony-forming units of escherichia coli per 100 milliliters; and (III) 33 colony-forming units of intestinal enterococci per 100 milliliters; and (iv) concentrations of such additional indi-cator microbes and of viruses as may be specified in regulations issued by the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Adminis-trator and such other Federal agencies as the Secretary and the Administrator con-sider appropriate. (B) ALTERNATIVE REVISED STANDARD .—If the Secretary, in concurrence with the Ad-ministrator, finds— (i) that the ballast water discharge stand-ard cannot be revised to reflect the level of stringency set forth in subparagraph (A), the Secretary, in concurrence with the Adminis-trator, shall determine whether the applica-tion of the best available technology eco-nomically achievable and operationally prac-ticable would result in a reduction of the risk of introduction or establishment of aquatic nuisance species such that the bal-last water discharge standard can be revised to be more stringent than the standard set forth in section 151.2030 or 151.1511 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act; or (ii) that the application of best available technology economically achievable and operationally practicable would result in a reduction of the risk of introduction or es-tablishment of aquatic nuisance species such that the ballast water discharge standard can be revised to be more stringent than the standard under subparagraph (A) with re-spect to a class of vessels, the Secretary, in concurrence with the Administrator, shall determine which revisions to the ballast water discharge standard shall be made for that class of vessels to incorporate such more stringent standard. (C) O
PERATIONALLY PRACTICABLE .—In deter- mining operational practicability under this subsection, the Secretary, in concurrence with the Administrator, shall consider— (i) whether a ballast water management system is— (I) effective and reliable in the shipboard environment; (II) compatible with the design and oper-ation of a commercial vessel by class, type, and size; (III) commercially available; and (IV) safe; (ii) whether testing protocols can be prac-ticably implemented that can assure accu-rate measurement of compliance with the ballast water discharge standard as proposed to be revised; and (iii) other criteria that the Secretary, in concurrence with Administrator, considers appropriate. (2) T
EN-YEAR REVIEWS .—Not later than Jan-uary 1, 2034, not less frequently than every 10 years thereafter, and subject to petitions for review under paragraph (3), the Secretary, in concurrence with the Administrator, shall conduct a review to determine whether the application of the best available technology economically achievable and operationally practicable as described in paragraph (1)(C) results in a reduction in the risk of the in-troduction or establishment of aquatic nui-sance species such that the ballast water dis-charge standard can be revised to be more stringent. (3) S
TATE PETITIONS FOR REVIEW .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Governor of a State may submit a petition requesting the Sec-retary to conduct a review under paragraph (1) or (2) if there is new information that could reasonably indicate the ballast water discharge standard could be made more stringent to reduce the risk of the introduc-tion or establishment of aquatic nuisance species. (B) T
IMING .—A Governor may not submit a petition under subparagraph (A) during the 1-year period following the date of comple-tion of a review under paragraph (1) or (2). (C) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .—A petition submitted to the Secretary under subpara-graph (A) shall include— (i) a proposed ballast water discharge standard that would result in a reduction in the risk of the introduction or establishment of aquatic nuisance species; (ii) information regarding any ballast water management systems that may achieve the proposed ballast water discharge standard; (iii) the scientific and technical informa-tion on which the petition is based, including a description of the risk reduction that would result from the proposed ballast water discharge standard included under clause (i); and (iv) any additional information the Sec-retary considers appropriate. (D) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Upon receiving a petition under subparagraph (A), the Sec-retary shall make publicly available a copy of the petition, including the information in-cluded under subparagraph (C). (E) T
REATMENT OF MORE THAN ONE PETITION  
AS A SINGLE PETITION .—The Secretary may treat more than one petition submitted under subparagraph (A) as a single such peti-tion. (F) A
UTHORITY TO REVIEW .—After receiving a petition that meets the requirements of this paragraph, the Secretary, in concur-rence with the Administrator, may conduct a review under paragraph (1) or (2) as the Secretary, in concurrence with the Adminis-trator, determines appropriate. (4) I
SSUANCE OF REVISED BALLAST WATER  
DISCHARGE STANDARD .—The Secretary shall issue a rule to revise the ballast water dis-charge standard if the Secretary, in concur-rence with the Administrator, determines on the basis of the review under paragraph (1) or (2) that— (A) a ballast water management system that is capable of achieving the ballast water discharge standard as proposed to be revised is the best available technology economi-cally achievable and operationally prac-ticable; and (B) testing protocols can be practicably implemented that can assure accurate meas-urement of compliance with the ballast water discharge standard as proposed to be revised. (5) R
EQUIREMENT .—Any revised ballast water discharge standard issued in the rule under paragraph (4) shall be more stringent than the ballast water discharge standard it replaces. (6) S
TANDARD NOT REVISED .—If the Sec-retary, in concurrence with the Adminis-trator, determines that the requirements of this subsection have not been satisfied, the Secretary shall publish a description of how such determination was made. (b) R
EVISED BALLAST WATER DISCHARGE  S
TANDARD EFFECTIVE DATE AND COMPLIANCE  D
EADLINE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary issues a rule to revise the ballast water discharge standard under subsection (a), the Secretary shall include in such rule— (A) an effective date for the revised ballast discharge standard that is 3 years after the date on which such rule is published in the Federal Register; and (B) for the owner or operator of a commer-cial vessel that is constructed or completes a major conversion on or after the date that is 3 years after the date on which such rule is published in the Federal Register, a deadline to comply with the revised ballast water dis-charge standard that is the first day on which such commercial vessel operates in navigable waters of the United States. (2) V
ESSEL SPECIFIC COMPLIANCE DEAD -
LINES .—The Secretary may establish a dead-line for compliance by a commercial vessel (or a class, type, or size of commercial ves-sel) with a revised ballast water discharge standard that is different than the general deadline established under paragraph (1). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.038 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S721 February 7, 2018 
(3) E XTENSIONS .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a process for an owner or operator to submit an application to the Secretary for an extension of a compliance deadline estab-lished under paragraphs (1) and (2). (4) A
PPLICATION FOR EXTENSION .—An owner or operator shall submit an application for an extension under paragraph (3) not less than 90 days prior to the applicable compli-ance deadline established under paragraph (1) or (2). (5) F
ACTORS .—In reviewing an application under this subsection, the Secretary shall consider, with respect to the ability of an owner or operator to meet a compliance deadline— (A) whether the ballast water management system to be installed, if applicable, is avail-able in sufficient quantities to meet the compliance deadline; (B) whether there is sufficient shipyard or other installation facility capacity; (C) whether there is sufficient availability of engineering and design resources; (D) commercial vessel characteristics, such as engine room size, layout, or a lack of in-stalled piping; (E) electric power generating capacity aboard the commercial vessel; (F) the safety of the commercial vessel and crew; and (G) any other factor that the Secretary de-termines appropriate. (6) C
ONSIDERATION OF EXTENSIONS .— (A) D
ETERMINATIONS .—The Secretary shall approve or deny an application for an exten-sion of a compliance deadline submitted by an owner or operator under this subsection. (B) D
EADLINE .—The Secretary shall— (i) acknowledge receipt of an application for an extension submitted under paragraph (4) not later than 30 days after the date of re-ceipt of the application; and (ii) to the extent practicable, approve or deny such an application not later than 90 days after the date of receipt of the applica-tion. (C) F
AILURE TO REVIEW .—If the Secretary does not approve or deny an application de-scribed in subparagraph (A) on or before the last day of the 90-day period beginning on the date of submission of the petition, the petition shall be conditionally approved. (7) P
ERIOD OF EXTENSIONS .—An extension granted to an owner or operator under para-graph (3)— (A) may be granted for an initial period of not more than 18 months; (B) may be renewed for additional periods of not more than 18 months each; and (C) may not be in effect for a total of more than 5 years. (8) P
ERIOD OF USE OF INSTALLED BALLAST  
WATER MANAGEMENT SYSTEM .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), an owner or operator shall be considered to be in compliance with the ballast water discharge standard if— (i) the ballast water management system installed on the commercial vessel complies with the ballast water discharge standard in effect at the time of installation, notwith-standing any revisions to the ballast water discharge standard occurring after the in-stallation; (ii) the ballast water management system is maintained in proper working condition, as determined by the Secretary; (iii) the ballast water management system is maintained and used in accordance with the manufacturer’s specifications; and (iv) the ballast water management system continues to meet the ballast water dis-charge standard applicable to the commer-cial vessel at the time of installation, as de-termined by the Secretary. (B) LIMITATION .—Subparagraph (A) shall cease to apply with respect to a commercial vessel after— (i) the expiration of the service life of the ballast water management system of the commercial vessel, as determined by the Secretary; (ii) the expiration of the service life of the commercial vessel, as determined by the Secretary; or (iii) the completion of a major conversion of the commercial vessel. 
SEC. ll07. NATIONAL BALLAST INFORMATION CLEARINGHOUSE. 
Subsection (f) of section 1102 of the Non-indigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4712(f)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) N
ATIONAL BALLAST INFORMATION  C
LEARINGHOUSE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall de-velop and maintain, in consultation and co-operation with the Task Force and the Smithsonian Institution (acting through the Smithsonian Environmental Research Cen-ter), a National Ballast Information Clear-inghouse of national data concerning— ‘‘(A) ballasting practices; ‘‘(B) compliance with the guidelines issued pursuant to section 1101(c); and ‘‘(C) any other information obtained by the Task Force pursuant to subsection (b). ‘‘(2) B
ALLAST WATER REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The owner or operator of a commercial vessel subject to this title shall submit the current ballast water man-agement report form approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB 1625–0069 or a subsequent form) to the National Bal-last Information Clearinghouse not later than 6 hours after the arrival of such vessel at a United States port or place, unless such vessel is operating exclusively on a voyage between ports or places within a single Cap-tain of the Port Zone. ‘‘(B) M
ULTIPLE DISCHARGES WITHIN A SINGLE  
PORT .—The owner or operator of a commer-cial vessel subject to this title may submit a single report under subparagraph (A) for multiple ballast water discharges within a single port during the same voyage. ‘‘(C) A
DVANCED REPORT TO STATES .—A State may require the owner or operator of a commercial vessel subject to this title to submit directly to the State a ballast water management report form— ‘‘(i) not later than 24 hours prior to arrival at a United States port or place of destina-tion if the voyage of such vessel is antici-pated to exceed 24 hours; or ‘‘(ii) before departing the port or place of departure if the voyage of such vessel is not anticipated to exceed 24 hours. ‘‘(3) C
OMMERCIAL VESSEL REPORTING DATA .— ‘‘(A) D
ISSEMINATION TO STATES .—Upon re- ceiving submission of a ballast water man-agement report required under paragraph (2), the National Ballast Information Clearing-house shall— ‘‘(i) in the case of forms submitted elec-tronically, immediately disseminate the re-port to interested States; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of forms submitted by means other than electronically, dissemi-nate the report to interested States as soon as practicable. ‘‘(B) A
VAILABILITY TO THE PUBLIC .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the re-ceipt of a ballast water management report required under paragraph (2), the National Ballast Information Clearinghouse shall make the data in such report fully and read-ily available to the public in searchable and fully retrievable electronic formats. ‘‘(4) R
EPORT .—In consultation and coopera-tion with the Task Force and the Smithso-nian Institution (acting through the Smith-sonian Environmental Research Center), the Secretary shall prepare and submit to the Task Force and the appropriate committees of Congress and make available to the pub-lic, on a biennial basis not later than 180 days from the end of each odd numbered cal-endar year, a report that synthesizes and analyzes the data referred to in paragraph (1) for the previous 2 years to evaluate nation-wide status and trends relating to— ‘‘(A) ballast water delivery and manage-ment; and ‘‘(B) invasions of aquatic nuisance species resulting from ballast water. ‘‘(5) WORKING GROUP .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act, the Secretary shall establish a working group that includes members from the National Ballast Informa-tion Clearinghouse and States with ballast water management programs to establish a process for compiling and readily sharing Federal and State commercial vessel report-ing and enforcement data regarding compli-ance with this Act. ‘‘(6) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘ap-propriate committees of Congress’ means the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives.’’. 
SEC. ll08. REQUIREMENTS FOR DISCHARGES INCIDENTAL TO THE NORMAL OPER-ATION OF A COMMERCIAL VESSEL. 
(a) M ANAGEMENT OF INCIDENTAL DISCHARGE  
FORCOMMERCIAL VESSELS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in concurrence with the Ad-ministrator and in consultation with the States, shall publish a final rule in the Fed-eral Register that establishes best manage-ment practices for discharges incidental to the normal operation of a commercial vessel for commercial vessels that— (A) are greater than or equal to 79 feet in length; (B) are not fishing vessels, including fish processing vessels and fish tender vessels (as such terms are defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code); and (C) are not subject to the best management practices required under section ll09. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The best management prac-tices established under paragraph (1) shall— (A) mitigate the adverse impacts on the marine environment from discharges inci-dental to the normal operation of a commer-cial vessel and aquatic invasive species; (B) use marine pollution control devices when appropriate; (C) be economically achievable and oper-ationally practicable; and (D) not compromise the safety of a com-mercial vessel. (3) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall implement the best management practices established by final rule under paragraph (1) not later than 60 days after the date on which the final rule is published in the Fed-eral Register as required under such para-graph. (b) T
RANSITION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sec-tion ll09(c) and notwithstanding the expi-ration date for the General Permit, any prac-tice, limitation, or concentration applicable to any discharge incidental to the normal operation of a commercial vessel that is re-quired by the General Permit on the date of the enactment of this Act, and any reporting requirement required by the General Permit on such date of enactment, shall remain in effect until the implementation date under subsection (a)(3). (2) P
ART 6 CONDITIONS .—Except as provided in section ll09(c) and notwithstanding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.038 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES722 February 7, 2018 
paragraph (1) and any other provision of law, the terms and conditions of Part 6 of the General Permit (relating to specific require-ments for individual States or Indian coun-try lands) shall expire on the implementa-tion date under subsection (a)(3). (c) A
PPLICATION TO CERTAIN VESSELS .— (1) A
PPLICATION OF FEDERAL WATER POLLU -
TION CONTROL ACT .—No permit shall be re-quired under section 402 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1342) or pro-hibition enforced under any other provision of law for, nor shall any best management practice regarding a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a commercial vessel under this title apply to, a discharge inci-dental to the normal operation of a commer-cial vessel if the commercial vessel— (A) is less than 79 feet in length; or (B) is a fishing vessel, including a fish processing vessel or fish tender vessel (as such terms are defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code). (2) A
PPLICATION OF GENERAL PERMIT AND  
SMALL VESSEL GENERAL PERMIT .—The terms and conditions of the General Permit and the Small Vessel General Permit shall cease to apply to vessels described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1) on and after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) R
EVIEW AND REVISION .—The Secretary, in concurrence with the Administrator and in consultation with the States, shall— (1) review the practices and standards es-tablished under subsection (a) not less fre-quently than once every 10 years; and (2) revise such practices consistent with the elements described in paragraph (2) of such subsection. (e) S
TATE PETITION FOR REVISION OF BEST M
ANAGEMENT PRACTICES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Governor of a State may submit a petition to the Secretary re-questing that the Secretary, in concurrence with the Administrator, revise a best man-agement practice established under sub-section (a) if there is new information that could reasonably indicate that— (A) revising the best management practice would— (i) mitigate the adverse impacts on the ma-rine environment from discharges incidental to the normal operation of a commercial ves-sel or from aquatic invasive species; and (ii) reduce the adverse effects on navigable waters of the United States of discharges in-cidental to the normal operation of a com-mercial vessel; and (B) the revised best management practice would be economically achievable and oper-ationally practicable. (2) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .—A petition sub-mitted to the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) the scientific and technical informa-tion on which the petition is based; and (B) any additional information the Sec-retary and Administrator consider appro-priate. (3) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Upon receiving a petition under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall make publicly available a copy of the petition, including the information included under paragraph (2). (4) T
REATMENT OF MORE THAN ONE PETITION  
AS A SINGLE PETITION .—The Secretary may treat more than one petition submitted under paragraph (1) as a single petition. (5) R
EVISION OF BEST MANAGEMENT PRAC -
TICES .—If, after reviewing a petition sub-mitted by a Governor under paragraph (1), the Secretary, in concurrence with the Ad-ministrator, determines that revising a best management practice would mitigate the ad-verse impacts on the marine environment from discharges incidental to the normal op-eration of a commercial vessel or from aquatic invasive species, the Secretary, in concurrence with the Administrator and in consultation with the States, shall revise such practice consistent with the elements described in subsection (a)(2). (f) REPEAL OF NOPERMIT REQUIREMENT .— Public Law 110–299 (33 U.S.C. 1342 note) is amended by striking section 2. 
SEC. ll09. BEST MANAGEMENT PRACTICES FOR GREAT LAKES VESSELS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in concurrence with the Adminis-trator, shall publish a final rule in the Fed-eral Register that establishes best manage-ment practices for— (1) ballast water for commercial vessels op-erating in navigable waters of the United States within the Great Lakes and Saint Lawrence River; and (2) discharges incidental to the normal op-eration of a commercial vessel in navigable waters of the United States for commercial vessels operating in the Great Lakes and Saint Lawrence River that— (A) are greater than or equal to 79 feet in length; and (B) are not fishing vessels, including fish processing vessels and fish tender vessels (as such terms are defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The Secretary, in concur-rence with the Administrator and in con-sultation with the Governors of the Great Lakes States and the owners or operators of commercial vessels described in subsection (a), shall ensure that the best management practices established under subsection (a)— (1) mitigate the adverse impacts on the marine environment from discharges inci-dental to the normal operation of a commer-cial vessel and aquatic invasive species; (2) use marine pollution control devices when appropriate; (3) are economically achievable and oper-ationally practicable; (4) do not compromise the safety of a com-mercial vessel; and (5) to the extent possible, apply consist-ently to all navigable waters of the United States within the Great Lakes and Saint Lawrence River. (c) T
RANSITION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the expi-ration date for the General Permit and to the extent to which they do not conflict with section ll04(b), the following best manage-ment practices applicable to commercial ves-sels described in subsection (a) shall remain in effect until the date on which the best management practices described in such sub-section are implemented under subsection (g)(1): (A) Best management practices required by Part 2 of the General Permit. (B) Such other practices as required by the Secretary. (2) P
ART 6 BEST MANAGEMENT PRACTICES .— Notwithstanding the expiration date for the General Permit and to the extent to which they do not conflict with section ll04(b), the best management practices described by the sections in Part 6 of the General Permit applicable to the Great Lakes States that are applicable to commercial vessels de-scribed in subsection (a) shall expire on the date on which the best management prac-tices described in subsection (a) are imple-mented under subsection (g)(1). (d) O
UTREACH .—The Secretary shall solicit recommendations and information from the Great Lakes States, Indian Tribes, owners and operators of vessels described in sub-section (a), and other persons that the Sec-retary considers appropriate in developing best management practices under subsection (a). (e) R
EVIEW AND REVISION OF BEST PRAC-
TICES .—Not less frequently than once every 5 years, the Secretary, in coordination with the Administrator, shall review the best management practices established under subsection (a) and revise such practices by rule published in the Federal Register con-sistent with subsections (b) and (d). (f) REVISED PRACTICES BY STATE PETI-
TION.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Governor of a Great Lakes State may petition the Secretary to revise the best management practices estab-lished under subsection (a), including by em-ploying additional best management prac-tices, consistent with the elements described in subsection (b), to address new and emerg-ing aquatic nuisance species or pollution threats, implement more effective practices, or update guidelines to harmonize require-ments on owners and operators of commer-cial vessels described in subsection (a). (2) D
ETERMINATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after receiving a petition under paragraph (1), the Secretary, in coordination with the Administrator, shall determine which, if any, best management practices included in such petition shall be required of commer-cial vessels described in subsection (a). (B) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall consult with the Governors of other Great Lakes States and owners or operators of commercial vessels that would be subject to best management practices pursuant to paragraph (1) before making a determination under subparagraph (A). (3) T
REATMENT OF PETITION .—The Secretary may treat more than one petition submitted under paragraph (1) as a single petition. (4) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary shall make publicly available a petition and any supporting documentation submitted under paragraph (1) for not less than 60 days prior to approving or disapproving such peti-tion. (g) I
MPLEMENTATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall im-plement the best management practices es-tablished by final rule under subsection (a) not later than 60 days after the date on which the final rule is published in the Fed-eral Register as required by such subsection. (2) I
MPLEMENTATION OF PRACTICES BY STATE  
PETITION .—Not later than 90 days after mak-ing a determination under subsection (f)(2), the Secretary shall, by rule published in the Federal Register, require commercial vessels that would be subject to the revised best management practices described in such sub-section to implement such practices. (h) E
MERGENCY BEST MANAGEMENT PRAC-
TICES .—The Secretary, in concurrence with the Administrator, may establish emergency best management practices if the Secretary, in concurrence with the Administrator, de-termines that such emergency best manage-ment practices are necessary to reduce the risk of introduction or establishment of aquatic nuisance species. (i) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary shall make publicly available any deter-mination made under this section. 
SEC. ll10. JUDICIAL REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—A person may file a peti-tion for review of a final rule or a final agen-cy action issued under this title in the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-trict of Columbia Circuit. (b) D
EADLINE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A petition shall be filed under this section not later than 120 days after the date on which the final rule to be reviewed is published in the Federal Register or the final agency action is issued, as the case may be. (2) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding para-graph (1), a petition that is based solely on grounds that arise after the deadline to file 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.038 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S723 February 7, 2018 
a petition under paragraph (1) has passed may be filed not later than 120 days after the date on which such grounds first arise. 
SEC. ll11. STATE ENFORCEMENT. 
(a) S TATE AUTHORITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Gov-ernors of the States, shall develop and pub-lish Federal and State inspection, data man-agement, and enforcement procedures for the enforcement of standards and requirements under this title by States. (2) P
ROCEDURES .—Procedures developed and published under paragraph (1)— (A) may be periodically updated; (B) shall describe the conditions and proce-dures under which the Secretary may sus-pend the agreement described in paragraph (3); and (C) shall have a mechanism for the Sec-retary to provide to the Governor of a State, if requested by the Governor, access to Auto-mated Identification System arrival data for inbound vessels to specific ports or places of destination in the State. (3) S
TATE ENFORCEMENT .—The Secretary shall enter into an agreement with the Gov-ernor of a State to authorize the State to in-spect vessels to enforce the provisions of this title in accordance with the procedures de-veloped under paragraph (1). (b) F
EES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (2), (3), and (4), a State that assesses a permit fee, inspection fee, or other fee related to the regulation of ballast water or a discharge in-cidental to the normal operation of a com-mercial vessel before the date of the enact-ment of this Act may assess a fee to cover the costs of program administration, inspec-tion, and enforcement activities by the State. (2) M
AXIMUM FEE .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), a State may assess a fee under this subsection of not more than $1,000 per qualifying voyage to the owner or operator of a commercial vessel arriving at a port or place of destination in the State. (3) C
OMMERCIAL VESSELS ENGAGED IN COAST -
WISE TRADE .—A State may not assess more than $5,000 in fees per vessel each year to the owner or operator of a commercial vessel registered under the laws of the United States and lawfully engaged in the coastwise trade. (4) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—A State may adjust a fee authorized by this sub-section every 5 years to reflect the percent-age by which the Consumer Price Index for all urban consumers published by the De-partment of Labor for the month of October immediately preceding the date of adjust-ment exceeds the Consumer Price Index for all urban consumers published by the De-partment of Labor for the month of October that immediately precedes the date that is 5 years before the date of adjustment. (5) Q
UALIFYING VOYAGE .—In this sub-section, the term ‘‘qualifying voyage’’ means a vessel arrival at a port or place of destina-tion in a State by a commercial vessel that has operated outside of that State and ex-cludes movement entirely within a single port or place of destination. (c) E
FFECT ON STATE AUTHORITY .—Except as provided in subsection (a) and as nec-essary to implement an agreement entered into under such subsection, no State or po-litical subdivision thereof may adopt or en-force any statute, regulation, or other re-quirement of the State or political subdivi-sion with respect to— (1) a discharge into navigable waters of the United States from a commercial vessel of ballast water; or (2) a discharge into navigable waters of the United States incidental to the normal oper-ation of a commercial vessel. (d) PRESERVATION OF AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this title may be construed as affecting the authority of a State or political subdivi-sion thereof to adopt or enforce any statute, regulation, or other requirement with re-spect to any water or other substance dis-charged or emitted from a vessel in prepara-tion for transport of the vessel by land from one body of water to another body of water. 
SEC. ll12. EFFECT ON OTHER LAWS. 
(a) A PPLICATION OF FEDERAL WATER POLLU -
TION CONTROL ACT.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sec-tions ll08(b) and ll09(c) of this title, or in section 159.309 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations (or similar successor regula-tions), on and after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, section 402 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1342) shall not apply to a discharge into navigable waters of the United States of ballast water from a commercial vessel or a discharge inci-dental to the normal operation of a commer-cial vessel. (2) O
IL AND HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCE LIABIL -
ITY; MARINE SANITATION DEVICES .—Nothing in this title may be construed as affecting the application to a commercial vessel of section 311 or 312 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321; 1322). (b) E
STABLISHED REGIMES .—Notwith- standing any other provision of this title, nothing in this title may be construed as af-fecting the authority of the Federal Govern-ment under— (1) the Act to Prevent Pollution from Ships (33 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.) with respect to the regulation by the Federal Government of any discharge or emission that, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, is cov-ered under— (A) the Protocol of 1978 Relating to the International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships, 1973, with annexes and protocols, done at London February 17, 1978; or (B) title XIV of division B of the Consoli-dated Appropriations Act, 2001 (33 U.S.C. 1901 note); (2) title X of the Coast Guard Authoriza-tion Act of 2010 (33 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.) with respect to the regulation by the Federal Gov-ernment of any anti-fouling system that, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, is covered under the International Con-vention on the Control of Harmful Anti-foul-ing Systems on Ships, 2001, done at London October 5, 2001; and (3) section 312 of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322). (c) I
NTERNATIONAL LAW.—Any action taken under this title shall be taken in accordance with international law. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1205 of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Pre-vention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4725) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘Ballast water and discharges inci-dental to the normal operation of a commer-cial vessel, as such terms are defined in the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act, shall be regulated pursuant to such Act.’’. 
SEC. ll13. QUAGGA MUSSEL. 
The Secretary of the Interior shall pre-scribe by regulation that the quagga mussel (Dreissena rostriformis bugensis) is a species that is injurious under section 42 of title 18, United States Code. 
SEC. ll14. COASTAL AQUATIC INVASIVE SPE-CIES MITIGATION GRANT PROGRAM AND MITIGATION FUND. 
(a) C OASTAL AQUATIC INVASIVE SPECIES  M
ITIGATION GRANT PROGRAM .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) COASTAL ZONE .—The term ‘‘coastal zone’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 304 of the Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1453). (B) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means a State government, local government, Indian Tribe, nongovernmental organization, or academic institution. (C) E
XCLUSIVE ECONOMIC ZONE .—The term ‘‘Exclusive Economic Zone’’ means the Ex-clusive Economic Zone of the United States, as established by Presidential Proclamation 5030 of March 10, 1983 (16 U.S.C. 1453 note). (D) F
OUNDATION .—The term ‘‘Foundation’’ means the National Fish and Wildlife Foun-dation established by section 2(a) of the Na-tional Fish and Wildlife Foundation Estab-lishment Act (16 U.S.C. 3701(a)). (E) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘‘Program’’ means the Coastal Aquatic Invasive Species Mitiga-tion Grant Program established under para-graph (2). (2) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of Commerce and the Foundation shall estab-lish the Coastal Aquatic Invasive Species Mitigation Grant Program to award grants to eligible entities, as described in this sub-section. (3) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the Pro-gram are— (A) to improve the understanding, preven-tion, and mitigation of, and response to, aquatic invasive species in the coastal zone and the Exclusive Economic Zone; (B) to support the prevention and mitiga-tion of impacts from aquatic invasive species in the coastal zone of the United States; and (C) to support the restoration of marine, estuarine, Pacific Island habitats, and the Great Lakes environments in the coastal zone and the Exclusive Economic Zone that are impacted by aquatic invasive species. (4) U
SE OF GRANTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A grant awarded under the Program shall be used for an activity to carry out the purposes of the Program, in-cluding an activity— (i) to develop and implement procedures and programs to prevent, control, mitigate, or progressively eradicate aquatic invasive species in the coastal zone or the Exclusive Economic Zone, particularly in areas with high numbers of established aquatic invasive species; (ii) to restore habitat impacted by an aquatic invasive species; (iii) to develop new shipboard and land- based ballast water treatment system tech-nologies and performance standards to pre-vent the introduction of aquatic invasive species; (iv) to develop mitigation measures to pro-tect natural and cultural living resources, including shellfish, from the impacts of aquatic invasive species; or (v) to develop mitigation measures to pro-tect infrastructure, such as hydroelectric in-frastructure, from aquatic invasive species. (B) P
ROHIBITION ON FUNDING LITIGATION .—A grant awarded under the Program may not be used to fund litigation in any matter. (5) A
DMINISTRATION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Foundation, in consultation with the Secretary of Commerce, shall establish the following: (A) Application and review procedures for awarding grants under the Program. (B) Approval procedures for awarding grants under the Program. Such procedures shall require consultation with the Sec-retary of the Interior and the Administrator. (C) Performance accountability and moni-toring measures for activities funded by a grant awarded under the Program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.038 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES724 February 7, 2018 
(D) Procedures and methods to ensure ac-curate accounting and appropriate adminis-tration of grants awarded under the Pro-gram, including standards of record keeping. (6) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .—Each eligible entity awarded a grant under the Program to carry out an activity shall provide matching funds to carry out such activity, in cash or through in-kind contributions from sources other than the Federal Government, in an amount equal to 50 percent of the cost of such activity. (7) F
UNDING .—The Secretary of Commerce and the Foundation shall use the amounts available in the Coastal Aquatic Invasive Species Mitigation Fund established under subsection (b), to award grants under the Program. (b) C
OASTAL AQUATIC INVASIVE SPECIES  M
ITIGATION FUND.— (1) C
REATION OF FUND .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a trust fund to be known as the ‘‘Coastal Aquatic Invasive Species Mitigation Fund’’ (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Fund’’), consisting of such amounts as may be appropriated or credited to the Fund as provided in this sec-tion or section 9602 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (2) T
RANSFERS TO FUND .— (A) A
PPROPRIATION .—There is authorized to be appropriated from the Treasury to the Fund each fiscal year an amount equal to the penalties assessed under section ll03(b) of this title in the prior fiscal year. (B) A
UTHORIZATION OF FURTHER APPROPRIA -
TIONS .—There is authorized to be appro-priated to the Fund, in addition to the amounts transferred to the Fund under para-graph (1), $5,000,000 for each fiscal year. (3) E
XPENDITURES FROM FUND .—Amounts in the Fund shall be available without further appropriation to the Secretary of Commerce and the National Fish and Wildlife Founda-tion established by section 2(a) of the Na-tional Fish and Wildlife Foundation Estab-lishment Act to award grants under the Coastal Aquatic Invasive Species Mitigation Grant Program established under subsection (a)(2). 
SEC. ll15. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. 
(a) I NTERNATIONAL STANDARDS .—Nothing in this title may be construed to impose any design, equipment, or operation standard on a commercial vessel not documented under the laws of the United States and engaged in innocent passage unless the standard imple-ments a generally accepted international rule, as determined by the Secretary. (b) O
THER AUTHORITIES .—Nothing in this title may construed as affecting the author-ity of the Secretary of Commerce or the Sec-retary of the Interior to administer lands or waters under the administrative control of the Secretary of Commerce or the Secretary of the Interior. 
SA 1930. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 1892, to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty, as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-serted insert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018’’. DIVISION B—SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIA-TIONS, TAX RELIEF, AND MEDICAID CHANGES RELATING TO CERTAIN DIS-ASTERS AND FURTHER EXTENSION OF CONTINUING APPROPRIATIONS Subdivision 1—Further Additional Supple-mental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Requirements Act, 2018 The following sums in this subdivision are appropriated, out of any money in the Treas-ury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018 and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE AGRICULTURAL PROGRAMS PROCESSING , RESEARCH AND MARKETING  O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Office of the Secretary’’, $2,360,000,000, which shall re-main available until December 31, 2019, for necessary expenses related to crops, trees, bushes, and vine losses related to the con-sequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, Maria, and other hurricanes and wildfires oc-curring in calendar year 2017 under such terms and conditions as determined by the Secretary: Provided, That the Secretary may provide assistance for such losses in the form of block grants to eligible states and terri-tories: Provided further, That the total amount of payments received under this heading and applicable policies of crop insur-ance under the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.) or the Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program (NAP) under section 196 of the Federal Agriculture Im-provement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7333) shall not exceed 85 percent of the loss as determined by the Secretary: Provided fur-ther, That the total amount of payments re-ceived under this heading for producers who did not obtain a policy or plan of insurance for an insurable commodity for the 2017 crop year, or 2018 crop year as applicable, under the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.) for the crop incurring the losses or did not file the required paperwork and pay the service fee by the applicable State filing deadline for a noninsurable commodity for the 2017 crop year, or 2018 crop year as appli-cable, under NAP for the crop incurring the losses shall not exceed 65 percent of the loss as determined by the Secretary: Provided fur-ther, That producers receiving payments under this heading, as determined by the Secretary, shall be required to purchase crop insurance where crop insurance is available for the next two available crop years, and producers receiving payments under this heading shall be required to purchase cov-erage under NAP where crop insurance is not available in the next two available crop years, as determined by the Secretary: Pro- vided further, That, not later than 90 days after the end of fiscal year 2018, the Sec-retary shall submit a report to the Congress specifying the type, amount, and method of such assistance by state and territory and the status of the amounts obligated and plans for further expenditure and include im-provements that can be made to Federal Crop Insurance policies, either administra-tively or legislatively, to increase participa-tion, particularly among underserved pro-ducers, in higher levels of coverage in future years for crops qualifying for assistance under this heading: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For an additional amount for ‘‘Office of In-spector General’’, $2,500,000, to remain avail-able until expended, for oversight and audit of programs, grants, and activities funded by this subdivision and administered by the De-partment of Agriculture: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursu-ant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH SERVICE  
BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Buildings and Facilities’’, $22,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. F
ARMSERVICE AGENCY  
EMERGENCY CONSERVATION PROGRAM  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Emer-gency Conservation Program’’, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hur-ricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria and of wildfires occurring in calendar year 2017, and other natural disasters, $400,000,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. N
ATURAL RESOURCES CONSERVATION SERVICE  
WATERSHED AND FLOOD PREVENTION  
OPERATIONS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Watershed and Flood Prevention Operations’’, for nec-essary expenses for the Emergency Water-shed Protection Program related to the con-sequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria and of wildfires occurring in calendar year 2017, and other natural disasters, $541,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RURAL DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS R
URAL HOUSING SERVICE  
RURAL HOUSING INSURANCE FUND PROGRAM  
ACCOUNT  For an additional amount for ‘‘Rural Hous-ing Insurance Fund Program Account’’, $18,672,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, for the cost of direct loans, including the cost of modifying loans as de-fined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, for the rehabilitation of section 515 rental housing (42 U.S.C. 1485) in areas impacted by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria where owners were not required to carry national flood insurance: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
URAL UTILITIES SERVICE  
RURAL WATER AND WASTE DISPOSAL PROGRAM  
ACCOUNT  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Rural Water and Waste Disposal Program Ac-count’’, $165,475,000, to remain available until expended, for grants to repair drinking water systems and sewer and solid waste disposal systems impacted by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That not to ex-ceed $2,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be for technical as-sistance grants for rural water and waste 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.038 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S725 February 7, 2018 
systems pursuant to section 306(a)(22) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. DOMESTIC FOOD PROGRAMS F
OOD AND NUTRITION SERVICE  
SPECIAL SUPPLEMENTAL NUTRITION PROGRAM  
FOR WOMEN , INFANTS , AND CHILDREN (WIC)  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children’’, $14,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, for infrastructure grants to the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Is-lands to assist in the repair and restoration of buildings, equipment, technology, and other infrastructure damaged as a con-sequence of Hurricanes Irma and Maria: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency require-ment pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
COMMODITY ASSISTANCE PROGRAM  For an additional amount for ‘‘Commodity Assistance Program’’ for the emergency food assistance program as authorized by section 27(a) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2036(a)) and section 204(a)(1) of the Emergency Food Assistance Act of 1983 (7 U.S.C. 7508(a)(1)), $24,000,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2019, for necessary expenses of those jurisdictions that received a major disaster or emergency declaration pursuant to section 401 or 501, respectively, of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170, 5191) related to the consequences of Hurri-canes Harvey, Irma, and Maria or due to wildfires in 2017: Provided, That notwith-standing any other provisions of the Emer-gency Food Assistance Act of 1983, the Sec-retary of Agriculture may provide resources to Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands of the United States, and affected States, as deter-mined by the Secretary, to assist affected families and individuals without regard to sections 204 and 214 of such Act (7 U.S.C. 7508, 7515) by allocating additional foods and funds for administrative expenses from resources specifically appropriated, transferred, or re-programmed: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursu-ant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RELATED AGENCIES AND FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION D
EPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN  S
ERVICES  
FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION  
BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for ‘‘Buildings and Facilities’’, $7,600,000, to remain avail-able until expended, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount may be transferred to ‘‘Depart-ment of Health and Human Services—Food and Drug Administration—Salaries and Ex-penses’’ for costs related to repair of facili-ties, for replacement of equipment, and for other increases in facility-related costs: Pro- vided further, That obligations incurred for the purposes provided herein prior to the date of enactment of this subdivision may be charged to funds appropriated by this para-graph: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISION—THIS TITLE SEC. 20101. (a) Section 1501(b) of the Agri-cultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9081(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), in the matter before subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘sold live-stock for a reduced sale price, or both’’ after ‘‘normal mortality,’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘applicable livestock on the day before the date of death of the livestock, as determined by the Sec-retary.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘affected livestock, as determined by the Secretary, on, as applicable— ‘‘(A) the day before the date of death of the livestock; or ‘‘(B) the day before the date of the event that caused the harm to the livestock that resulted in a reduced sale price.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) A payment made under paragraph (1) to an eligible producer on a farm that sold livestock for a reduced sale price shall— ‘‘(A) be made if the sale occurs within a reasonable period following the event, as de-termined by the Secretary; and ‘‘(B) be reduced by the amount that the producer received for the sale.’’. (b) Section 1501(d)(1) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9081(d)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘not more than $20,000,000 of’’. (c) Section 1501(e)(4)(C) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9081(e)(4)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘500 acres’’ and inserting ‘‘1,000 acres’’. (d) Section 1501 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9081) is amended— (1) in subsection (e)(4)— (A) by striking subparagraph (B); and (B) by redesignating subparagraph (C), as amended by subsection (c), as subparagraph (B); and (2) in subsection (f)(2), by striking ‘‘sub-section (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (b) and (e)’’. (e) Section 1501 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9081), as amended by this sec-tion, shall apply with respect to losses de-scribed in such section 1501 incurred on or after January 1, 2017. (f) The amounts provided by subsections (a) through (e) for fiscal year 2018 are des-ignated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE E
CONOMIC DEVELOPMENT ADMINISTRATION  
ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT ASSISTANCE  
PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  Pursuant to section 703 of the Public Works and Economic Development Act (42 U.S.C. 3233), for an additional amount for ‘‘Economic Development Assistance Pro-grams’’ for necessary expenses related to flood mitigation, disaster relief, long-term recovery, and restoration of infrastructure in areas that received a major disaster des-ignation as a result of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, and of wildfires and other natural disasters occurring in calendar year 2017 under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), $600,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the amount provided under this heading is des-ignated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Pro- vided further, That within the amount appro-priated, up to 2 percent of funds may be transferred to the ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ account for administration and oversight ac-tivities: Provided further, That within the amount appropriated, $1,000,000 shall be transferred to the ‘‘Office of Inspector Gen-eral’’ account for carrying out investigations and audits related to the funding provided under this heading. NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC  A
DMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONS , RESEARCH , AND FACILITIES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operations, Research, and Facilities’’ for necessary ex-penses related to the consequences of Hurri-canes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $120,904,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, as follows: (1) $12,904,000 for repair and replacement of observing assets, Federal real property, and equipment; (2) $18,000,000 for marine debris assessment and removal; (3) $40,000,000 for mapping, charting, and geodesy services; and (4) $50,000,000 to improve weather fore-casting, hurricane intensity forecasting and flood forecasting and mitigation capabilities, including data assimilation from ocean ob-serving platforms and satellites: Provided, That the amount provided under this heading is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursu-ant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration shall submit a spending plan to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate within 45 days after the date of enactment of this subdivi-sion. 
PROCUREMENT , ACQUISITION AND CONSTRUCTION  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment, Acquisition and Construction’’ for necessary expenses related to the con-sequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $79,232,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, as follows: (1) $29,232,000 for repair and replacement of Federal real property and observing assets; and (2) $50,000,000 for improvements to oper-ational and research weather supercom-puting infrastructure and for improvement of satellite ground services used in hurricane intensity and track prediction: Provided, That the amount provided under this heading is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursu-ant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration shall submit a spending plan to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate within 45 days after the date of enactment of this subdivi-sion. 
FISHERIES DISASTER ASSISTANCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Fisheries Disaster Assistance’’ for necessary expenses associated with the mitigation of fishery dis-asters, $200,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That funds shall be used for mitigating the effects of commercial fish-ery failures and fishery resource disasters declared by the Secretary of Commerce in calendar year 2017, as well those declared by the Secretary to be a direct result of Hurri-canes Harvey, Irma, or Maria: Provided fur-ther, That the amount provided under this heading is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursu-ant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES726 February 7, 2018 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE U
NITED STATES MARSHALS SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $2,500,000: Provided, That the amount provided under this heading is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. F
EDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $21,200,000: Provided, That the amount provided under this heading is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. D
RUGENFORCEMENT ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $11,500,000: Provided, That the amount provided under this heading is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. F
EDERAL PRISON SYSTEM  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $16,000,000: Provided, That the amount provided under this heading is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Buildings and Facilities’’ for necessary expenses re-lated to the consequences of Hurricanes Har-vey, Irma, and Maria, $34,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the amount provided under this heading is des-ignated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. SCIENCE N
ATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE  A
DMINISTRATION  
CONSTRUCTION AND ENVIRONMENTAL  
COMPLIANCE AND RESTORATION  For an additional amount for ‘‘Construc-tion and Environmental Compliance and Restoration’’ for repairs at National Aero-nautics and Space Administration facilities damaged by hurricanes during 2017, $81,300,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That the amount provided under this heading is designated by the Con-gress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. N
ATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION  
RESEARCH AND RELATED ACTIVITIES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Research and Related Activities’’ for necessary ex-penses to repair National Science Founda-tion radio observatory facilities damaged by hurricanes that occurred during 2017, $16,300,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That the amount provided under this heading is designated by the Con-gress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the Na-tional Science Foundation shall submit a spending plan to the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within 45 days after the date of enactment of this subdivision. RELATED AGENCIES LEGAL SERVICES CORPORATION  
PAYMENT TO THE LEGAL SERVICES  
CORPORATION  For an additional amount for ‘‘Payment to the Legal Services Corporation’’ to carry out the purposes of the Legal Services Corpora-tion Act by providing for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria and of the calendar year 2017 wildfires, $15,000,000: Provided, That the amount made available under this head-ing shall be used only to provide the mobile resources, technology, and disaster coordina-tors necessary to provide storm-related serv-ices to the Legal Services Corporation client population and only in the areas signifi-cantly affected by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria and by the calendar year 2017 wildfires: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Pro- vided further, That none of the funds appro-priated in this subdivision to the Legal Serv-ices Corporation shall be expended for any purpose prohibited or limited by, or contrary to any of the provisions of, sections 501, 502, 503, 504, 505, and 506 of Public Law 105–119, and all funds appropriated in this subdivision to the Legal Services Corporation shall be subject to the same terms and conditions set forth in such sections, except that all ref-erences in sections 502 and 503 to 1997 and 1998 shall be deemed to refer instead to 2017 and 2018, respectively, and except that sec-tions 501 and 503 of Public Law 104–134 (ref-erenced by Public Law 105–119) shall not apply to the amount made available under this heading: Provided further, That, for the purposes of this subdivision, the Legal Serv-ices Corporation shall be considered an agen-cy of the United States Government. GENERAL PROVISION—THIS TITLE S
EC. 20201. (a) In recognition of the consist-ency of the Mid-Barataria Sediment Diver-sion, Mid-Breton Sound Sediment Diversion, and Calcasieu Ship Channel Salinity Control Measures projects, as selected by the 2017 Louisiana Comprehensive Master Plan for a Sustainable Coast, with the findings and pol-icy declarations in section 2(6) of the Marine Mammal Protection Act (16 U.S.C. 1361 et seq., as amended) regarding maintaining the health and stability of the marine eco-system, within 120 days of the enactment of this section, the Secretary of Commerce shall issue a waiver pursuant to section 101(a)(3)(A) and this section to section 101(a) and section 102(a) of the Act, for such projects that will remain in effect for the du-ration of the construction, operations and maintenance of the projects. No rulemaking, permit, determination, or other condition or limitation shall be required when issuing a waiver pursuant to this section. (b) Upon issuance of a waiver pursuant to this section, the State of Louisiana shall, in consultation with the Secretary of Com-merce: (1) To the extent practicable and con-sistent with the purposes of the projects, minimize impacts on marine mammal spe-cies and population stocks; and (2) Monitor and evaluate the impacts of the projects on such species and population stocks. TITLE III DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE—MILITARY OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, $20,110,000, for nec-essary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency require-ment pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, $267,796,000, for necessary expenses related to the con-sequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps’’, $17,920,000, for necessary expenses related to the con-sequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’, $20,916,000, for necessary expenses related to the con-sequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE -WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’, $2,650,000, for necessary expenses related to the con-sequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY R
ESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army Reserve’’, $12,500,000, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVYRESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy Reserve’’, $2,922,000, for necessary expenses related to the con-sequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  R
ESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force Reserve’’, $5,770,000, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S727 February 7, 2018 
emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY N
ATIONAL GUARD  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army National Guard’’, $55,471,000, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT O
THER PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Pro-curement, Navy’’ $18,000,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2020, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hur-ricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS D
EFENSE WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Defense Working Capital Funds’’ for the Navy Work-ing Capital Fund, $9,486,000, for necessary ex-penses related to the consequences of Hurri-canes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS D
EFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM  For an additional amount for operation and maintenance for ‘‘Defense Health Pro-gram’’, $704,000, for necessary expenses re-lated to the consequences of Hurricanes Har-vey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursu-ant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. TITLE IV CORPS OF ENGINEERS—CIVIL DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY 
INVESTIGATIONS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Investiga-tions’’ for necessary expenses related to the completion, or initiation and completion, of flood and storm damage reduction, including shore protection, studies which are currently authorized or which are authorized after the date of enactment of this subdivision, to re-duce risk from future floods and hurricanes, at full Federal expense, $135,000,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, not less than $75,000,000 is available for such studies in States and insular areas that were impacted by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Pro- vided further, That funds made available under this heading shall be for high-priority studies of projects in States and insular areas with more than one flood-related major disaster declared pursuant to the Rob-ert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) in calendar years 2014, 2015, 2016, or 2017: Pro- vided further, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Pro- vided further, That the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works shall provide a monthly report to the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate detailing the allocation and obligation of these funds, including new studies selected to be initiated using funds provided under this heading, beginning not later than 60 days after the enactment of this subdivision. CONSTRUCTION  For an additional amount for ‘‘Construc-tion’’ for necessary expenses to address emergency situations at Corps of Engineers projects, and to construct, and rehabilitate and repair damages caused by natural disas-ters, to Corps of Engineers projects, $15,055,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That of such amount, $15,000,000,000 is available to construct flood and storm damage reduction, including shore protection, projects which are currently au-thorized or which are authorized after the date of enactment of this subdivision, and flood and storm damage reduction, including shore protection, projects which have signed Chief’s Reports as of the date of enactment of this subdivision or which are studied using funds provided under the heading ‘‘Investiga-tions’’ if the Secretary determines such projects to be technically feasible, economi-cally justified, and environmentally accept-able, in States and insular areas with more than one flood-related major disaster de-clared pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) in calendar years 2014, 2015, 2016, or 2017: Provided further, That of the amounts in the preceding proviso, not less than $10,425,000,000 shall be available for such projects within States and insular areas that were impacted by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided further, That all repair, rehabilitation, study, design, and construction of Corps of Engineers projects in Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands, using funds provided under this heading, shall be conducted at full Federal expense: Provided further, That for projects receiving funding under this heading, the provisions of section 902 of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 1986 shall not apply to these funds: Provided further, That the completion of ongoing construction projects receiving funds provided under this heading shall be at full Federal expense with respect to such funds: Provided further, That using funds provided under this heading, the non-Federal cash contribution for projects eligible for funding pursuant to the first pro-viso shall be financed in accordance with the provisions of section 103(k) of Public Law 99– 662 over a period of 30 years from the date of completion of the project or separable ele-ment: Provided further, That up to $50,000,000 of the funds made available under this head-ing shall be used for continuing authorities projects to reduce the risk of flooding and storm damage: Provided further, That any projects using funds appropriated under this heading shall be initiated only after non- Federal interests have entered into binding agreements with the Secretary requiring, where applicable, the non-Federal interests to pay 100 percent of the operation, mainte-nance, repair, replacement, and rehabilita-tion costs of the project and to hold and save the United States free from damages due to the construction or operation and mainte-nance of the project, except for damages due to the fault or negligence of the United States or its contractors: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works shall provide a monthly report to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate detailing the allocation and obligation of these funds, be-ginning not later than 60 days after the en-actment of this subdivision. MISSISSIPPI RIVER AND TRIBUTARIES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Mississippi River and Tributaries’’ for necessary ex-penses to address emergency situations at Corps of Engineers projects, and to con-struct, and rehabilitate and repair damages to Corps of Engineers projects, caused by natural disasters, $770,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $400,000,000 is available to con-struct flood and storm damage reduction projects which are currently authorized or which are authorized after the date of enact-ment of this subdivision: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works shall provide a monthly report to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate detailing the allocation and obligation of these funds, be-ginning not later than 60 days after the en-actment of this subdivision. 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance’’ for necessary expenses to dredge Federal navigation projects in re-sponse to, and repair damages to Corps of Engineers Federal projects caused by, nat-ural disasters, $608,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended, of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of eligible operation and maintenance costs for coastal harbors and channels, and for inland harbors shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works shall provide a monthly report to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate detailing the allocation and obligation of these funds, be-ginning not later than 60 days after the en-actment of this subdivision. 
FLOOD CONTROL AND COASTAL EMERGENCIES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Flood Con-trol and Coastal Emergencies’’, as authorized by section 5 of the Act of August 18, 1941 (33 U.S.C. 701n), for necessary expenses to pre-pare for flood, hurricane and other natural disasters and support emergency operations, repairs, and other activities in response to such disasters, as authorized by law, $810,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That funding utilized for authorized shore protection projects shall re-store such projects to the full project profile at full Federal expense: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works shall provide a monthly report to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate detailing the allocation and obligation of these funds, be-ginning not later than 60 days after the en-actment of this subdivision. 
EXPENSES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Expenses’’ for necessary expenses to administer and oversee the obligation and expenditure of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES728 February 7, 2018 
amounts provided in this title for the Corps of Engineers, $20,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Pro- vided further, That the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works shall provide a monthly report to the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate detailing the allocation and obligation of these funds, beginning not later than 60 days after enactment of this subdivi-sion. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY ENERGY PROGRAMS E
LECTRICITY DELIVERY AND ENERGY  R
ELIABILITY  For an additional amount for ‘‘Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability’’, $13,000,000, to remain available until expended, for nec-essary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, in-cluding technical assistance related to elec-tric grids: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. S
TRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Strategic Petroleum Reserve’’, $8,716,000, to remain available until expended, for necessary ex-penses related to damages caused by Hurri-canes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS TITLE S
EC. 20401. In fiscal year 2018, and each fis-cal year thereafter, the Chief of Engineers of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers shall transmit to the Congress, after reasonable opportunity for comment, but without change, by the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works, a monthly report, the first of which shall be transmitted to Con-gress not later than 2 days after the date of enactment of this subdivision and monthly thereafter, which includes detailed estimates of damages to each Corps of Engineers project, caused by natural disasters or other-wise. S
EC. 20402. From the unobligated balances of amounts made available to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, $518,900,000 under the heading ‘‘Corps of Engineers—Civil, Flood Control and Coastal Emergencies’’ and $210,000,000 under the heading ‘‘Corps of Engi-neers—Civil, Operations and Maintenance’’ in title X of the Disaster Relief Appropria-tions Act, 2013 (Public Law 113–2; 127 Stat. 25) shall be transferred to ‘‘Corps of Engineers— Civil, Construction’’, to remain available until expended, to rehabilitate, repair and construct Corps of Engineers projects: Pro- vided, That those projects may only include construction expenses, including cost shar-ing, as described under the heading ‘‘Corps of Engineers—Civil, Construction’’ in title X of that Act or other construction expenses re-lated to the consequences of Hurricane Sandy: Provided further, That amounts trans-ferred pursuant to this section that were pre-viously designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Pro- vided further, That the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works shall provide a monthly report to the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate detailing the allocation and obligation of these funds, beginning not later than 60 days after the enactment of this sub-division. TITLE V INDEPENDENT AGENCIES GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION  
REAL PROPERTY ACTIVITIES  
FEDERAL BUILDINGS FUND  For an additional amount to be deposited in the ‘‘Federal Buildings Fund’’, $126,951,000, to remain available until expended, for nec-essary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Maria, and Irma for repair and alteration of buildings under the custody and control of the Administrator of General Services, and real property manage-ment and related activities not otherwise provided for: Provided, That funds may be used to reimburse the ‘‘Federal Buildings Fund’’ for obligations incurred for this pur-pose prior to enactment of this subdivision: Provided further, That not more than $15,000,000 shall be available for tenant im-provements in damaged U.S. courthouses: Provided further, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. S
MALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION  
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’, $7,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursu-ant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
DISASTER LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Disaster Loans Program Account’’ for the cost of di-rect loans authorized by section 7(b) of the Small Business Act, $1,652,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That up to $618,000,000 may be transferred to and merged with ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ for ad-ministrative expenses to carry out the dis-aster loan program authorized by section 7(b) of the Small Business Act: Provided fur-ther, That none of the funds provided under this heading may be used for indirect admin-istrative expenses: Provided further, That the amount provided under this heading is des-ignated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. TITLE VI DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT, OPER-ATIONS, INTELLIGENCE, AND OVER-SIGHT O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operations and Support’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $25,000,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2020, for audits and investigations of activities funded by this title: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. SECURITY, ENFORCEMENT, AND INVESTIGATIONS U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operations and Support’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $104,494,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That not more than $39,400,000 may be used to carry out U.S. Customs and Border Protection activi-ties in fiscal year 2018 in Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands, in addition to any other amounts available for such pur-poses. 
PROCUREMENT , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
IMPROVEMENTS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment, Construction, and Improvements’’ for necessary expenses related to the con-sequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, including for the reconstruction of fa-cilities affected, $45,000,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2022: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That funds are provided to carry out U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection activities in Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands, in addition to any other amounts available for such pur-poses. U.S. I
MMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS  E
NFORCEMENT  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operations and Support’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $30,905,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
PROCUREMENT , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
IMPROVEMENTS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment, Construction, and Improvements’’ for necessary expenses related to the con-sequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $33,052,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursu-ant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. T
RANSPORTATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operations and Support’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $10,322,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. C
OAST GUARD  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $112,136,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S729 February 7, 2018 
That such amount is designated by the Con-gress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE AND  
RESTORATION  For an additional amount for ‘‘Environ-mental Compliance and Restoration’’ for necessary expenses related to the con-sequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $4,038,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursu-ant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
ACQUISITION , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
IMPROVEMENTS  For an additional amount for Acquisition, Construction, and Improvements’’ for nec-essary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, Maria, and Mat-thew, $718,919,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That, not later than 60 days after enactment of this subdivi-sion, the Secretary of Homeland Security, or her designee, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives and the Senate a detailed expenditure plan for funds appropriated under this head-ing: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROTECTION, PREPAREDNESS, RESPONSE, AND RECOVERY F
EDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGENCY  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operations and Support’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $58,800,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
PROCUREMENT , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
IMPROVEMENTS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment, Construction, and Improvements’’ for necessary expenses related to the con-sequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $1,200,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursu-ant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
DISASTER RELIEF FUND  For an additional amount for ‘‘Disaster Relief Fund’’ for major disasters declared pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), $23,500,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall publish on the Agency’s website not later than 5 days after an award of a public assistance grant under section 406 or 428 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5172 or 5189f) that is in excess of $1,000,000, the specifics of each such grant award: Provided further, That for any mission assignment or mission assignment task order to another Federal department or agency regarding a major disaster in excess of $1,000,000, not later than 5 days after the issuance of such mission assignment or mis-sion assignment task order, the Adminis-trator shall publish on the Agency’s website the following: the name of the impacted State, the disaster declaration for such State, the assigned agency, the assistance requested, a description of the disaster, the total cost estimate, and the amount obli-gated: Provided further, That not later than 10 days after the last day of each month until a mission assignment or mission as-signment task order described in the pre-ceding proviso is completed and closed out, the Administrator shall update any changes to the total cost estimate and the amount obligated: Provided further, That for a dis-aster declaration related to Hurricanes Har-vey, Irma, or Maria, the Administrator shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate, not later than 5 days after the first day of each month beginning after the date of en-actment of this subdivision, and shall pub-lish on the Agency’s website, not later than 10 days after the first day of each such month, an estimate or actual amount, if available, for the current fiscal year of the cost of the following categories of spending: public assistance, individual assistance, op-erations, mitigation, administrative, and any other relevant category (including emer-gency measures and disaster resources): Pro- vided, further, That not later than 10 days after the first day of each month, the Admin-istrator shall publish on the Agency’s website the report (referred to as the Dis-aster Relief Monthly Report) as required by Public Law 114–4: Provided further, That of the amounts provided under this heading for the Disaster Relief Fund, up to $150,000,000 shall be transferred to the Disaster Assist-ance Direct Loan Program Account for the cost to lend a territory or possession of the United States that portion of assistance for which the territory or possession is respon-sible under the cost-sharing provisions of the major disaster declaration for Hurricanes Irma or Maria, as authorized under section 319 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5162): Provided further, That of the amount provided under this paragraph for transfer, up to $1,000,000 may be transferred to the Disaster Assistance Direct Loan Program Account for administrative expenses to carry out the Advance of Non-Federal Share pro-gram, as authorized by section 319 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5162): Pro- vided further, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TRAINING, AND SERVICES FEDERAL LAWENFORCEMENT TRAINING  C
ENTERS  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operations and Support’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $5,374,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
PROCUREMENT , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
IMPROVEMENTS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procure-ment, Construction, and Improvements’’ for necessary expenses related to the con-sequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursu-ant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS TITLE SEC. 20601. The Administrator of the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency may provide assistance, pursuant to section 428 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), for critical services as defined in sec-tion 406 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act for the duration of the recovery for incidents DR– 4336–PR, DR–4339–PR, DR–4340-USVI, and DR–4335–USVI to— (1) replace or restore the function of a fa-cility or system to industry standards with-out regard to the pre-disaster condition of the facility or system; and (2) replace or restore components of the fa-cility or system not damaged by the disaster where necessary to fully effectuate the re-placement or restoration of disaster-dam-aged components to restore the function of the facility or system to industry standards. S
EC. 20602. Notwithstanding section 404 or 420 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c and 8187), for fiscal years 2017 and 2018, the President shall provide hazard mitiga-tion assistance in accordance with such sec-tion 404 in any area in which assistance was provided under such section 420. S
EC. 20603. The third proviso of the second paragraph in title I of Public Law 115–72 under the heading ‘‘Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency—Disaster Relief Fund’’ shall be amended by striking ‘‘180 days’’ and inserting ‘‘365 days’’: Provided, That amounts repurposed pursuant to this section that were previously designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. S
EC. 20604. (a) D EFINITION OF PRIVATE NON-
PROFIT FACILITY .—Section 102(11)(B) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122(11)(B)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘private non-profit facility’ means private nonprofit edu-cational (without regard to the religious character of the facility), utility, irrigation, emergency, medical, rehabilitational, and temporary or permanent custodial care fa-cilities (including those for the aged and dis-abled) and facilities on Indian reservations, as defined by the President. ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL FACILITIES .—In addition to the facilities described in subparagraph (A), the term ‘private nonprofit facility’ in-cludes any private nonprofit facility that provides essential social services to the gen-eral public (including museums, zoos, per-forming arts facilities, community arts cen-ters, community centers, libraries, homeless shelters, senior citizen centers, rehabilita-tion facilities, shelter workshops, broad-casting facilities, houses of worship, and fa-cilities that provide health and safety serv-ices of a governmental nature), as defined by the President. No house of worship may be excluded from this definition because leader-ship or membership in the organization oper-ating the house of worship is limited to per-sons who share a religious faith or prac-tice.’’. (b) R
EPAIR , RESTORATION , AND REPLACE -
MENT OF DAMAGED FACILITIES .—Section 406(a)(3) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5172(a)(3)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES730 February 7, 2018 
‘‘(C) R ELIGIOUS FACILITIES .—A church, syn-agogue, mosque, temple, or other house of worship, educational facility, or any other private nonprofit facility, shall be eligible for contributions under paragraph (1)(B), without regard to the religious character of the facility or the primary religious use of the facility. No house of worship, edu-cational facility, or any other private non-profit facility may be excluded from receiv-ing contributions under paragraph (1)(B) be-cause leadership or membership in the orga-nization operating the house of worship is limited to persons who share a religious faith or practice.’’. (c) A
PPLICABILITY .—This section and the amendments made by this section shall apply— (1) to the provision of assistance in re-sponse to a major disaster or emergency de-clared on or after August 23, 2017; or (2) with respect to— (A) any application for assistance that, as of the date of enactment of this Act, is pend-ing before Federal Emergency Management Agency; and (B) any application for assistance that has been denied, where a challenge to that denial is not yet finally resolved as of the date of enactment of this Act. S
EC. 20605. (a) The Federal share of assist-ance, including direct Federal assistance, provided under section 407 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5173), with respect to a major disaster declared pursuant to such Act for damages resulting from a wildfire in calendar year 2017, shall be 90 percent of the eligible costs under such section. (b) The Federal share provided by sub-section (a) shall apply to assistance provided before, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
FEDERAL COST -SHARE ADJUSTMENTS FOR RE -
PAIR, RESTORATION , AND REPLACEMENT OF  
DAMAGED FACILITIES  S
EC. 20606. Section 406(b) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5172(b)) is amended by inserting after paragraph (2) the following: ‘‘(3) I
NCREASED FEDERAL SHARE .— ‘‘(A) I
NCENTIVE MEASURES .—The President may provide incentives to a State or Tribal government to invest in measures that in-crease readiness for, and resilience from, a major disaster by recognizing such invest-ments through a sliding scale that increases the minimum Federal share to 85 percent. Such measures may include— ‘‘(i) the adoption of a mitigation plan ap-proved under section 322; ‘‘(ii) investments in disaster relief, insur-ance, and emergency management programs; ‘‘(iii) encouraging the adoption and en-forcement of the latest published editions of relevant consensus-based codes, specifica-tions, and standards that incorporate the latest hazard-resistant designs and establish minimum acceptable criteria for the design, construction, and maintenance of residential structures and facilities that may be eligible for assistance under this Act for the purpose of protecting the health, safety, and general welfare of the buildings’ users against disas-ters; ‘‘(iv) facilitating participation in the com-munity rating system; and ‘‘(v) funding mitigation projects or grant-ing tax incentives for projects that reduce risk. ‘‘(B) C
OMPREHENSIVE GUIDANCE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the President, acting through the Administrator, shall issue com-prehensive guidance to State and Tribal gov-ernments regarding the measures and invest-ments, weighted appropriately based on ac-tuarial assessments of eligible actions, that will be recognized for the purpose of increas-ing the Federal share under this section. Guidance shall ensure that the agency’s re-view of eligible measures and investments does not unduly delay determining the ap-propriate Federal cost share. ‘‘(C) REPORT .—One year after the issuance of the guidance required by subparagraph (B), the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a re-port regarding the analysis of the Federal cost shares paid under this section. ‘‘(D) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this paragraph prevents the President from in-creasing the Federal cost share above 85 per-cent.’’. S
EC. 20607. Division F of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017, is amended by in-serting the following at the end of Title V: ‘‘S
EC. 545. (a) P REMIUM PAYAUTHORITY .— During calendar year 2017, any premium pay that is funded, either directly or through re-imbursement, by the ‘Federal Emergency Management Agency—Disaster Relief Fund’ shall be exempted from the aggregate of basic pay and premium pay calculated under section 5547(a) of title 5, United States Code, and any other provision of law limiting the aggregate amount of premium pay payable on a biweekly or calendar year basis. ‘‘(b) O
VERTIME AUTHORITY .—During cal-endar year 2017, any overtime that is funded, either directly or through reimbursement, by the ‘Federal Emergency Management Agency—Disaster Relief Fund’ shall be ex-empted from any annual limit on the amount of overtime payable in a calendar or fiscal year. ‘‘(c) A
PPLICABILITY OF AGGREGATE LIMITA -
TION ON PAY.—In determining whether an employee’s pay exceeds the applicable an-nual rate of basic pay payable under section 5307 of title 5, United States Code, the head of an Executive agency shall not include pay exempted under this section. ‘‘(d) L
IMITATION OF PAYAUTHORITY .—Pay exempted from otherwise applicable limits under subsection (a) shall not cause the ag-gregate pay earned for the calendar year in which the exempted pay is earned to exceed the rate of basic pay payable for a position at level II of the Executive Schedule under section 5313 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take effect as if enacted on December 31, 2016.’’. TITLE VII DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR U
NITED STATES FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE  
CONSTRUCTION  For an additional amount for ‘‘Construc-tion’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $210,629,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. N
ATIONAL PARKSERVICE  
HISTORIC PRESERVATION FUND  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Historic Preservation Fund’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $50,000,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2019, in-cluding costs to States and territories nec-essary to complete compliance activities re-quired by section 306108 of title 54, United States Code (formerly section 106 of the Na-tional Historic Preservation Act) and costs needed to administer the program: Provided, That grants shall only be available for areas that have received a major disaster declara-tion pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.): Provided further, That individual grants shall not be subject to a non-Federal matching requirement: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985. CONSTRUCTION  For an additional amount for ‘‘Construc-tion’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $207,600,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. U
NITED STATES GEOLOGICAL SURVEY  
SURVEYS , INVESTIGATIONS , AND RESEARCH  For an additional amount for ‘‘Surveys, In-vestigations, and Research’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hur-ricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, and in those areas impacted by a major disaster de-clared pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) with respect to wildfires in 2017, $42,246,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursu-ant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. D
EPARTMENTAL OFFICES  I
NSULAR AFFAIRS  
ASSISTANCE TO TERRITORIES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Technical Assistance’’ for financial management ex-penses related to the consequences of Hurri-canes Irma and Maria, $3,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursu-ant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $2,500,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursu-ant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. E
NVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY  
HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCE SUPERFUND  For an additional amount for ‘‘Hazardous Substance Superfund’’ for necessary ex-penses related to the consequences of Hurri-canes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $6,200,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
LEAKING UNDERGROUND STORAGE TANK TRUST  
FUND PROGRAM  For an additional amount for ‘‘Leaking Underground Storage Tank Fund’’ for nec-essary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $7,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as being for an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S731 February 7, 2018 
emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
STATE AND TRIBAL ASSISTANCE GRANTS  For an additional amount for ‘‘State and Tribal Assistance Grants’’ for necessary ex-penses related to the consequences of Hurri-canes Harvey, Irma, and Maria for the haz-ardous waste financial assistance grants pro-gram and for other solid waste management activities, $50,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That none of these funds allocated within Region 2 shall be sub-ject to cost share requirements under section 3011(b) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act: Pro- vided further, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISION —ENVIRONMENTAL  P
ROTECTION AGENCY  Of amounts previously appropriated for capitalization grants for the State Revolving Funds under title VI of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act or under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act to a State or territory included as part of a disaster dec-laration related to Hurricanes Irma and Maria, all existing grant funds that are available but not drawn down shall not be subject to the matching or cost share re-quirements of sections 602(b)(2), 602(b)(3) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act nor the matching requirements of section 1452(e) of the Safe Drinking Water Act and shall be awarded to such state or territory: Provided, That, notwithstanding the requirements of section 603(d) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act or section 1452(f) of the Safe Drinking Water Act, the state or territory shall utilize the full amount of such funds, excluding existing loans, to provide addi-tional subsidization to eligible recipients in the form of forgiveness of principal, negative interest loans or grants or any combination of these: Provided further, That such funds may be used for eligible projects whose pur-pose is to repair damage incurred as a result of Hurricanes Irma and Maria, reduce flood damage risk and vulnerability or to enhance resiliency to rapid hydrologic change or a natural disaster at treatment works as de-fined by section 212 of the Federal Water Pol-lution Control Act or a public drinking water system under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act: Provided further, That any project involving the repair or replace-ment of a lead service line shall replace the entire lead service line, not just a portion. RELATED AGENCIES DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE F
OREST SERVICE  
STATE AND PRIVATE FORESTRY  For an additional amount for ‘‘State and Private Forestry’’ for necessary expenses re-lated to the consequences of Hurricanes Har-vey, Irma, and Maria, $7,500,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursu-ant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM  For an additional amount for ‘‘National Forest System’’ for necessary expenses re-lated to the consequences of Hurricanes Har-vey, Irma, and Maria, $20,652,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursu-ant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. CAPITAL IMPROVEMENT AND MAINTENANCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Capital Im-provement and Maintenance’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hur-ricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, and the 2017 fire season, $91,600,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursu-ant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISION—THIS TITLE S
EC. 20701. Agencies receiving funds appro-priated by this title shall each provide a monthly report to the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate detailing the allocation and obligation of these funds by account, begin-ning not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act. TITLE VIII DEPARTMENT OF LABOR E
MPLOYMENT AND TRAINING ADMINISTRATION  
TRAINING AND EMPLOYMENT SERVICES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for ‘‘Training and Employment Services’’, $100,000,000, for the dislocated workers assistance national reserve for necessary expenses directly re-lated to the consequences of Hurricanes Har-vey, Maria, and Irma and those jurisdictions that received a major disaster declaration pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) due to wildfires in 2017, which shall be available from the date of en-actment of this subdivision through Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That the Secretary of Labor may transfer up to $2,500,000 of such funds to any other Department of Labor ac-count for reconstruction and recovery needs, including worker protection activities: Pro- vided further, That these sums may be used to replace grant funds previously obligated to the impacted areas: Provided further, That of the amount provided, up to $500,000, to re-main available until expended, shall be transferred to ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’for oversight of activities respond-ing to such hurricanes and wildfires: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985. 
JOB CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Job Corps’’ for construction, rehabilitation and acquisi-tion for Job Corps Centers in Puerto Rico, $30,900,000, which shall be available upon the date of enactment of this subdivision and re-main available for obligation through June 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. G
ENERAL PROVISIONS —DEPARTMENT OF LABOR  
DEFERRAL OF INTEREST PAYMENTS FOR VIRGIN  
ISLANDS  S
EC. 20801. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, the interest payment of the Virgin Islands that was due under section 1202(b)(1) of the Social Security Act on Sep-tember 29, 2017, shall not be due until Sep-tember 28, 2018, and no interest shall accrue on such amount through September 28, 2018: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985. 
FLEXIBILITY IN USE OF FUNDS UNDER WIOA  S
EC. 20802. (a) I NGENERAL .—Notwith- standing section 133(b)(4) of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, in States, as defined by section 3(56) of such Act, af-fected by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, a local board, as defined by section 3(33) of such Act, in a local area, as defined by section 3(32) of such Act, affected by such Hurricanes may transfer, if such transfer is approved by the Governor, up to 100 percent of the funds allocated to the local area for Program Years 2016 and 2017 for Youth Work-force Investment activities under paragraphs (2) or (3) of section 128(b) of such Act, for Adult employment and training activities under paragraphs (2)(A) or (3) of section 133(b) of such Act, or for Dislocated Worker employment and training activities under paragraph (2)(B) of section 133(b) of such Act among— (1) adult employment and training activi-ties; (2) dislocated worker employment and training activities; and (3) youth workforce investment activities. (b) THEVIRGIN ISLANDS .—Except for the funds reserved to carry out required state-wide activities under sections 127(b) and 134(a)(2) of the Workforce Innovation and Op-portunity Act, the Governor of the Virgin Is-lands may authorize the transfer of up to 100 percent of the remaining funds provided to the Virgin Islands for Program Years 2016 and 2017 for Youth Workforce Investment ac-tivities under section 127(b)(1)(B) of such Act, for Adult employment and training ac-tivities under section 132(b)(1)(A) of such Act, or for Dislocated Worker employment and training activities under section 133(b)(2)(A) of such Act among— (1) adult employment and training activi-ties; (2) dislocated worker employment and training activities; and (3) youth workforce investment activities. DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES C
ENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND  P
REVENTION  
CDC-WIDE ACTIVITIES AND PROGRAM SUPPORT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for ‘‘CDC-Wide Activities and Program Support’’, $200,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020, for response, recovery, prepa-ration, mitigation, and other expenses di-rectly related to the consequences of Hurri-canes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That obligations incurred for the purposes provided herein prior to the date of enact-ment of this subdivision may be charged to funds appropriated by this paragraph: Pro- vided further, That of the amount provided, not less than $6,000,000 shall be transferred to the ‘‘Buildings and Facilities’’ account for the purposes provided herein: Provided fur-ther, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency require-ment pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. N
ATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH  
OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2018 for ‘‘Office of the Director’’, $50,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, for response, recovery, and other expenses di-rectly related to the consequences of Hurri-canes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That obligations incurred for these purposes prior to the date of enactment of this sub-division may be charged to funds appro-priated by this paragraph: Provided further, That funds appropriated by this paragraph may be used for construction grants or con-tracts under section 404I of the Public Health Service Act without regard to section 404I(c)(2): Provided further, That such amount 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES732 February 7, 2018 
is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. A
DMINISTRATION FOR CHILDREN AND FAMILIES  
CHILDREN AND FAMILIES SERVICES PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Children and Families Services Programs’’, $650,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2021, for Head Start programs, for necessary expenses directly related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, including making payments under the Head Start Act: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated in this para-graph shall be included in the calculation of the ‘‘base grant’’ in subsequent fiscal years, as such term is defined in sections 640(a)(7)(A), 641A(h)(1)(B), or 645(d)(3) of the Head Start Act: Provided further, That funds appropriated in this paragraph are not sub-ject to the allocation requirements of sec-tion 640(a) of the Head Start Act: Provided further, That funds appropriated in this para-graph shall not be available for costs that are reimbursed by the Federal Emergency Management Agency, under a contract for insurance, or by self-insurance: Provided fur-ther, That up to $12,500,000 shall be available for Federal administrative expenses: Pro- vided further, That obligations incurred for the purposes provided herein prior to the date of enactment of this subdivision may be charged to funds appropriated under this heading: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
PUBLIC HEALTH AND SOCIAL SERVICES  
EMERGENCY FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund’’, $162,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, for response, recovery, preparation, mitigation and other expenses directly related to the consequences of Hur-ricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, including activities authorized under section 319(a) of the Public Health Service Act (referred to in this subdivision as the ‘‘PHS Act’’): Provided, That of the amount provided, $60,000,000 shall be transferred to ‘‘Health Resources and Services Administration—Primary Health Care’’, for expenses related to the con-sequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria for disaster response and recovery, for the Health Centers Program under section 330 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That not less than $50,000,000, of amounts transferred under the preceding proviso, shall be avail-able for alteration, renovation, construction, equipment, and other capital improvement costs as necessary to meet the needs of areas affected by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided further, That the time limi-tation in section 330(e)(3) of the PHS Act shall not apply to funds made available under the preceding proviso: Provided further, That of the amount provided, not less than $20,000,000 shall be transferred to ‘‘Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Adminis-tration—Health Surveillance and Program Support’’ for grants, contracts, and coopera-tive agreements for behavioral health treat-ment, crisis counseling, and other related helplines, and for other similar programs to provide support to individuals impacted by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Pro- vided further, That of the amount provided, up to $2,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, shall be transferred to ‘‘Office of the Secretary—Office of Inspector General’’ for oversight of activities responding to such hurricanes: Provided further, That obligations incurred for the purposes provided herein prior to the date of enactment of this sub-division may be charged to funds appro-priated under this heading: Provided further, That funds appropriated in this paragraph shall not be available for costs that are reim-bursed by the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency, under a contract for insur-ance, or by self-insurance: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISION —DEPARTMENT OF  H
EALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES  
DIRECT HIRE AUTHORITY FOR CERTAIN  
EMERGENCY RESPONSE POSITIONS  S
EC. 20803. (a) I NGENERAL .—As the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services deter-mines necessary to respond to a critical hir-ing need for emergency response positions, after providing public notice and without re-gard to the provisions of sections 3309 through 3319 of title 5, United States Code, the Secretary may appoint candidates di-rectly to the following positions, consistent with subsection (b), to perform critical work directly relating to the consequences of Hur-ricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: (1) Intermittent disaster-response per-sonnel in the National Disaster Medical Sys-tem, under section 2812 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300hh–11). (2) Term or temporary related positions in the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion and the Office of the Assistant Sec-retary for Preparedness and Response. (b) E
XPIRATION .—The authority under sub-section (a) shall expire 270 days after the date of enactment of this section. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION H
URRICANE EDUCATION RECOVERY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for ‘‘Hurricane Education Recovery’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, or wildfires in 2017 for which a major disaster or emergency has been declared under sections 401 or 501 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170 and 5190) (referred to under this heading as ‘‘covered disaster or emergency’’), $2,700,000,000, to re-main available through September 30, 2022, for assisting in meeting the educational needs of individuals affected by a covered disaster or emergency: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursu-ant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That— (1) such funds shall be used— (A) to make awards to eligible entities for immediate aid to restart school operations, in accordance with paragraph (2); (B) for temporary emergency impact aid for displaced students, in accordance with paragraph (2); (C) for emergency assistance to institu-tions of higher education and students at-tending institutions of higher education in an area directly affected by a covered dis-aster or emergency in accordance with para-graph (3); (D) for payments to institutions of higher education to help defray the unexpected ex-penses associated with enrolling displaced students from institutions of higher edu-cation directly affected by a covered disaster or emergency, in accordance with paragraph (4); and (E) to provide assistance to local edu-cational agencies serving homeless children and youth in accordance with paragraph (5); (2) immediate aid to restart school oper-ations and temporary emergency impact aid for displaced students described in subpara-graphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1) shall be provided under the statutory terms and con-ditions that applied to assistance under sec-tions 102 and 107 of title IV of division B of Public Law 109–148, respectively, except that such sections shall be applied so that— (A) each reference to a major disaster de-clared in accordance with section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170) shall be to a major disaster or emergency declared by the President in accordance with section 401 or 501, respectively, of such Act; (B) each reference to Hurricane Katrina or Hurricane Rita shall be a reference to a cov-ered disaster or emergency; (C) each reference to August 22, 2005 shall be to the date that is one week prior to the date that the major disaster or emergency was declared for the area; (D) each reference to the States of Lou-isiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and Texas shall be to the States or territories affected by a covered disaster or emergency, and each ref-erence to the State educational agencies of Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, or Texas shall be a reference to the State educational agencies that serve the states or territories affected by a covered disaster or emergency; (E) each reference to the 2005–2006 school year shall be to the 2017–2018 school year; (F) the references in section 102(h)(1) of title IV of division B of Public Law 109–148 to the number of non-public and public elemen-tary schools and secondary schools in the State shall be to the number of students in non-public and public elementary schools and secondary schools in the State, and the reference in such section to the National Center for Data Statistics Common Core of Data for the 2003–2004 school year shall be to the most recent and appropriate data set for the 2016–2017 school year; (G) in determining the amount of imme-diate aid provided to restart school oper-ations as described in section 102(b) of title IV of division B of Public Law 109–148, the Secretary shall consider the number of stu-dents enrolled, during the 2016–2017 school year, in elementary schools and secondary schools that were closed as a result of a cov-ered disaster or emergency; (H) in determining the amount of emer-gency impact aid that a State educational agency is eligible to receive under paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall, subject to section 107(d)(1)(B) of such title, provide— (i) $9,000 for each displaced student who is an English learner, as that term is defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801); (ii) $10,000 for each displaced student who is a child with a disability (regardless of whether the child is an English learner); and (iii) $8,500 for each displaced student who is not a child with a disability or an English learner; (I) with respect to the emergency impact aid provided under paragraph (1)(B), the Sec-retary may modify the State educational agency and local educational agency applica-tion timelines in section 107(c) of such title; and (J) each reference to a public elementary school may include, as determined by the local educational agency, a publicly-funded preschool program that enrolls children below the age of kindergarten entry and is part of an elementary school; (3) $100,000,000 of the funds made available under this heading shall be for programs au-thorized under subpart 3 of Part A, part C of title IV and part B of title VII of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087–51 et seq., 1138 et seq.) for institutions located in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S733 February 7, 2018 
an area affected by a covered disaster or emergency, and students enrolled in such in-stitutions, except that— (A) any requirements relating to matching, Federal share, reservation of funds, or main-tenance of effort under such parts that would otherwise be applicable to that assistance shall not apply; (B) such assistance may be used for stu-dent financial assistance; (C) such assistance may also be used for faculty and staff salaries, equipment, stu-dent supplies and instruments, or any pur-pose authorized under the Higher Education Act of 1965, by institutions of higher edu-cation that are located in areas affected by a covered disaster or emergency; and (D) the Secretary shall prioritize, to the extent possible, students who are homeless or at risk of becoming homeless as a result of displacement, and institutions that have sustained extensive damage, by a covered disaster or emergency; (4) up to $75,000,000 of the funds made avail-able under this heading shall be for pay-ments to institutions of higher education to help defray the unexpected expenses associ-ated with enrolling displaced students from institutions of higher education at which op-erations have been disrupted by a covered disaster or emergency, in accordance with criteria established by the Secretary and made publicly available; (5) $25,000,000 of the funds made available under this heading shall be available to pro-vide assistance to local educational agencies serving homeless children and youths dis-placed by a covered disaster or emergency, consistent with section 723 of the McKinney- Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11431–11435) and with section 106 of title IV of division B of Public Law 109-148, except that funds shall be disbursed based on dem-onstrated need and the number of homeless children and youth enrolled as a result of displacement by a covered disaster or emer-gency; (6) section 437 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232) and section 553 of title 5, United States Code, shall not apply to activities under this heading; (7) $4,000,000 of the funds made available under this heading, to remain available until expended, shall be transferred to the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Education for oversight of activities sup-ported with funds appropriated under this heading, and up to $3,000,000 of the funds made available under this heading shall be for program administration; (8) up to $35,000,000 of the funds made avail-able under this heading shall be to carry out activities authorized under section 4631(b) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7281(b)): Provided, That obligations incurred for the purposes pro-vided herein prior to the date of enactment of this subdivision may be charged to funds appropriated under this paragraph; (9) the Secretary may waive, modify, or provide extensions for certain requirements of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.) for affected individuals, affected students, and affected institutions in covered disaster or emergency areas in the same manner as the Secretary was authorized to waive, modify, or provide extensions for cer-tain requirements of such Act under provi-sions of subtitle B of title IV of division B of Public Law 109–148 for affected individuals, affected students, and affected institutions in areas affected by Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita, except that the cost associ-ated with any action taken by the Secretary under this paragraph is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency require-ment pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985; and (10) if any provision under this heading or application of such provision to any person or circumstance is held to be unconstitu-tional, the remainder of the provisions under this heading and the application of such pro-visions to any person or circumstance shall not be affected thereby. G
ENERAL PROVISION —DEPARTMENT OF  E
DUCATION  S
EC. 20804. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Education is hereby authorized to forgive any out-standing balance owed to the Department of Education under the HBCU Hurricane Sup-plemental Loan program established pursu-ant to section 2601 of Public Law 109–234, as modified by section 307 of title III of division F of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2012 (Public Law 112–74), as carried forward by the Continuing Appropriations Resolu-tion, 2013 (Public Law 112–175). (b) There are authorized to be appro-priated, and there are hereby appropriated, such sums as may be necessary to carry out subsection (a): Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balance Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS TITLE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 20805. Funds appropriated to the De-partment of Health and Human Services by this title may be transferred to, and merged with, other appropriation accounts under the headings ‘‘Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’’ and ‘‘Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund’’ for the purposes specified in this title following consultation with the Office of Management and Budget: Provided, That the Committees on Appropria-tions in the House of Representatives and the Senate shall be notified 10 days in ad-vance of any such transfer: Provided further, That, upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from an appropria-tion are not necessary, such amounts may be transferred back to that appropriation: Pro- vided further, That none of the funds made available by this title may be transferred pursuant to the authority in section 205 of division H of Public Law 115–31 or section 241(a) of the PHS Act. S
EC. 20806. Not later than 30 days after en-actment of this subdivision, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall provide a detailed spend plan of anticipated uses of funds made available in this title, including estimated personnel and administrative costs, to the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That such plans shall be updated and submitted to the Committees on Appro-priations every 60 days until all funds are ex-pended or expire. S
EC. 20807. Unless otherwise provided for by this title, the additional amounts appro-priated by this title to appropriations ac-counts shall be available under the authori-ties and conditions applicable to such appro-priations accounts for fiscal year 2018. TITLE IX LEGISLATIVE BRANCH GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’, $14,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended, for audits and investiga-tions relating to Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria and the 2017 wildfires: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. TITLE X DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND MARINE  C
ORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $201,636,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2022, for necessary expenses re-lated to the consequences of Hurricanes Har-vey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That none of the funds made available to the Navy and Marine Corps for recovery efforts related to Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria in this subdivision shall be available for obligation until the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate receive form 1391 for each specific request: Provided further, That, not later than 60 days after enactment of this subdivision, the Sec-retary of the Navy, or his designee, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of House of Representatives and the Senate a detailed expenditure plan for funds provided under this heading: Provided further, That such funds may be obligated or expended for planning and design and military construc-tion projects not otherwise authorized by law: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMYNATIONAL  G
UARD  For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Army National Guard’’, $519,345,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2022, for necessary expenses re-lated to the consequences of Hurricanes Har-vey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That none of the funds made available to the Army Na-tional Guard for recovery efforts related to Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria in this subdivision shall be available for obligation until the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate receive form 1391 for each specific request: Provided further, That, not later than 60 days after enactment of this subdivision, the Di-rector of the Army National Guard, or his designee, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate a detailed expenditure plan for funds provided under this heading: Provided further, That such funds may be ob-ligated or expended for planning and design and military construction projects not oth-erwise authorized by law: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS V
ETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION  
MEDICAL SERVICES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Medical Services’’, $11,075,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, for necessary ex-penses related to the consequences of Hurri-canes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
MEDICAL SUPPORT AND COMPLIANCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, $3,209,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2019, for necessary expenses related to the con-sequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES734 February 7, 2018 
251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
MEDICAL FACILITIES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Medical Fa-cilities’’, $75,108,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022, for necessary ex-penses related to the consequences of Hurri-canes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That none of these funds shall be available for obligation until the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate a detailed expenditure plan for funds provided under this heading: Provided further, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. D
EPARTMENTAL ADMINISTRATION  
CONSTRUCTION , MINOR PROJECTS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Construc-tion, Minor Projects’’, $4,088,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022, for nec-essary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency require-ment pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISION—THIS TITLE S
EC. 21001. Notwithstanding section 18236(b) of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense shall contribute to Puerto Rico, 100 percent of the total cost of construction (including the cost of architec-tural, engineering and design services) for the acquisition, construction, expansion, re-habilitation, or conversion of the Arroyo readiness center under paragraph (5) of sec-tion 18233(a) of title 10, United States Code. TITLE XI DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION F
EDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONS  
(AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND)  For an additional amount for ‘‘Oper-ations’’, $35,000,000, to be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund and to re-main available until expended, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hur-ricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, and other hurricanes occurring in calendar year 2017: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985. 
FACILITIES AND EQUIPMENT  
(AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND)  For an additional amount for ‘‘Facilities and Equipment’’, $79,589,000, to be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund and to remain available until expended, for nec-essary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, and other hurricanes occurring in calendar year 2017: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. F
EDERAL HIGHWAY ADMINISTRATION  
FEDERAL -AID HIGHWAYS  
EMERGENCY RELIEF PROGRAM  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Emer-gency Relief Program’’ as authorized under section 125 of title 23, United States Code, $1,374,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That notwithstanding sec-tion 125(d)(4) of title 23, United States Code, no limitation on the total obligations for projects under section 125 of such title shall apply to the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the North-ern Mariana Islands for fiscal year 2018 and fiscal year 2019: Provided further, That not- withstanding subsection (e) of section 120 of title 23, United States Code, for this fiscal year and hereafter, the Federal share for Emergency Relief funds made available under section 125 of such title to respond to damage caused by Hurricanes Irma and Maria, shall be 100 percent for Puerto Rico: Provided further, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. FEDERAL TRANSIT ADMINISTRATION  
PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION EMERGENCY RELIEF  
PROGRAM  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Public Transportation Emergency Relief Program’’ as authorized under section 5324 of title 49, United States Code, $330,000,000 to remain available until expended, for transit systems affected by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria with major disaster declarations in 2017: Provided, That not more than three- quarters of one percent of the funds for pub-lic transportation emergency relief shall be available for administrative expenses and ongoing program management oversight as authorized under sections 5334 and 5338(f)(2) of such title and shall be in addition to any other appropriations for such purpose: Pro- vided further, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ARITIME ADMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONS AND TRAINING  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operations and Training’’, $10,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended, for necessary expenses, including for dredging, related to damage to Maritime Administration facilities resulting from Hurricane Harvey: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursu-ant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. G
ENERAL PROVISION —DEPARTMENT OF  T
RANSPORTATION  S
EC. 21101. Notwithstanding 49 U.S.C. 5302, for fiscal years 2018, 2019, and 2020 the Sec-retary of Transportation shall treat an area as an ‘‘urbanized area’’ for purposes of 49 U.S.C. 5307 and 5336(a) until the next decen-nial census following the enactment of this Act if the area was defined and designated as an ‘‘urbanized’’ area by the Secretary of Commerce in the 2000 decennial census and the population of such area fell below 50,000 after the 2000 decennial census as a result of a major disaster: Provided, That an area treated as an ‘‘urbanized area’’ for purposes of this section shall be assigned the popu-lation and square miles of the urbanized area designated by the Secretary of Commerce in the 2000 decennial census: Provided further, That the term ‘‘major disaster’’ has the meaning given such term in section 102(2) of the Disaster Relief Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5122(2)). DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT C
OMMUNITY PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT  
COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for ‘‘Community Development Fund’’, $28,000,000,000, to re-main available until expended, for necessary expenses for activities authorized under title I of the Housing and Community Develop-ment Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) re-lated to disaster relief, long-term recovery, restoration of infrastructure and housing, economic revitalization, and mitigation in the most impacted and distressed areas re-sulting from a major declared disaster that occurred in 2017 (except as otherwise pro-vided under this heading) pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.): Provided, That funds shall be awarded di-rectly to the State, unit of general local gov-ernment, or Indian tribe (as such term is de-fined in section 102 of the Housing and Com-munity Development Act of 1974) at the dis-cretion of the Secretary: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, up to $16,000,000,000 shall be al-located to meet unmet needs for grantees that have received or will receive allocations under this heading for major declared disas-ters that occurred in 2017 or under the same heading of Division B of Public Law 115–56, except that, of the amounts made available under this proviso, no less than $11,000,000,000 shall be allocated to the States and units of local government affected by Hurricane Maria, and of such amounts allocated to such grantees affected by Hurricane Maria, $2,000,000,000 shall be used to provide en-hanced or improved electrical power sys-tems: Provided further, That to the extent amounts under the previous proviso are in-sufficient to meet all unmet needs, the allo-cation amounts related to infrastructure shall be reduced proportionally based on the total infrastructure needs of all grantees: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, no less than $12,000,000,000 shall be allocated for mitiga-tion activities to all grantees of funding pro-vided under this heading, section 420 of divi-sion L of Public Law 114–113, section 145 of division C of Public Law 114–223, section 192 of division C of Public Law 114–223 (as added by section 101(3) of division A of Public Law 114–254), section 421 of division K of Public Law 115–31, and the same heading in division B of Public Law 115–56, and that such mitiga-tion activities shall be subject to the same terms and conditions under this subdivision, as determined by the Secretary: Provided fur-ther, That all such grantees shall receive an allocation of funds under the preceding pro-viso in the same proportion that the amount of funds each grantee received or will receive under the second proviso of this heading or the headings and sections specified in the previous proviso bears to the amount of all funds provided to all grantees specified in the previous proviso: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under the sec-ond and fourth provisos of this heading, the Secretary shall allocate to all such grantees an aggregate amount not less than 33 per-cent of each such amounts of funds provided under this heading within 60 days after the enactment of this subdivision based on the best available data (especially with respect to data for all such grantees affected by Hur-ricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria), and shall allocate no less than 100 percent of the funds provided under this heading by no later than December 1, 2018: Provided further, That the Secretary shall not prohibit the use of funds made available under this heading and the same heading in division B of Public Law 115–56 for non-federal share as authorized by section 105(a)(9) of the Housing and Commu-nity Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5305(a)(9)): Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, grantees may establish grant programs to assist small businesses for working capital purposes to aid in recovery: Provided further, That as a condition of making any grant, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S735 February 7, 2018 
Secretary shall certify in advance that such grantee has in place proficient financial con-trols and procurement processes and has es-tablished adequate procedures to prevent any duplication of benefits as defined by sec-tion 312 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5155), to ensure timely expenditure of funds, to maintain comprehensive websites regarding all disaster recovery activities as-sisted with these funds, and to detect and prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds: Pro- vided further, That with respect to any such duplication of benefits, the Secretary and any grantee under this section shall not take into consideration or reduce the amount pro-vided to any applicant for assistance from the grantee where such applicant applied for and was approved, but declined assistance re-lated to such major declared disasters that occurred in 2014, 2015, 2016, and 2017 from the Small Business Administration under sec-tion 7(b) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(b)): Provided further, That the Secretary shall require grantees to maintain on a pub-lic website information containing common reporting criteria established by the Depart-ment that permits individuals and entities awaiting assistance and the general public to see how all grant funds are used, including copies of all relevant procurement docu-ments, grantee administrative contracts and details of ongoing procurement processes, as determined by the Secretary: Provided fur-ther, That prior to the obligation of funds a grantee shall submit a plan to the Secretary for approval detailing the proposed use of all funds, including criteria for eligibility and how the use of these funds will address long- term recovery and restoration of infrastruc-ture and housing, economic revitalization, and mitigation in the most impacted and dis-tressed areas: Provided further, That such funds may not be used for activities reim-bursable by, or for which funds are made available by, the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency or the Army Corps of Engi-neers: Provided further, That funds allocated under this heading shall not be considered relevant to the non-disaster formula alloca-tions made pursuant to section 106 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5306): Provided further, That a State, unit of general local government, or Indian tribe may use up to 5 percent of its al-location for administrative costs: Provided further, That the sixth proviso under this heading in the Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Requirements Act, 2017 (division B of Public Law 115–56) is amended by striking ‘‘State or subdivision thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘State, unit of general local government, or Indian tribe (as such term is defined in section 102 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5302))’’: Provided further, That in ad-ministering the funds under this heading, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment may waive, or specify alternative re-quirements for, any provision of any statute or regulation that the Secretary administers in connection with the obligation by the Sec-retary or the use by the recipient of these funds (except for requirements related to fair housing, nondiscrimination, labor standards, and the environment), if the Secretary finds that good cause exists for the waiver or al-ternative requirement and such waiver or al-ternative requirement would not be incon-sistent with the overall purpose of title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974: Provided further, That, notwith-standing the preceding proviso, recipients of funds provided under this heading that use such funds to supplement Federal assistance provided under section 402, 403, 404, 406, 407, 408(c)(4), or 502 of the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) may adopt, without re-view or public comment, any environmental review, approval, or permit performed by a Federal agency, and such adoption shall sat-isfy the responsibilities of the recipient with respect to such environmental review, ap-proval or permit: Provided further, That, not- withstanding section 104(g)(2) of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5304(g)(2)), the Secretary may, upon receipt of a request for release of funds and certification, immediately approve the re-lease of funds for an activity or project as-sisted under this heading if the recipient has adopted an environmental review, approval or permit under the preceding proviso or the activity or project is categorically excluded from review under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.): Provided further, That the Secretary shall publish via notice in the Federal Reg-ister any waiver, or alternative requirement, to any statute or regulation that the Sec-retary administers pursuant to title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 no later than 5 days before the effective date of such waiver or alternative require-ment: Provided further, That the eighth pro-viso under this heading in the Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Require-ments Act, 2017 (division B of Public Law 115–56) is amended by inserting ‘‘408(c)(4),’’ after ‘‘407,’’: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, up to $15,000,000 shall be made available for capacity building and technical assistance, including assistance on contracting and pro-curement processes, to support States, units of general local government, or Indian tribes (and their subrecipients) that receive alloca-tions pursuant to this heading, received dis-aster recovery allocations under the same heading in Public Law 115–56, or may receive similar allocations for disaster recovery in future appropriations Acts: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, up to $10,000,000 shall be trans-ferred, in aggregate, to ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Development—Program Office Salaries and Expenses—Community Planning and Development’’ for necessary costs, including information technology costs, of administering and overseeing the obligation and expenditure of amounts under this heading: Provided further, That the amount specified in the preceding proviso shall be combined with funds appropriated under the same heading and for the same purpose in Public Law 115–56 and the aggre-gate of such amounts shall be available for any of the purposes specified under this heading or the same heading in Public Law 115–56 without limitation: Provided further, That, of the funds made available under this heading, $10,000,000 shall be transferred to the Office of the Inspector General for nec-essary costs of overseeing and auditing funds made available under this heading: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That amounts repurposed pursuant to this section that were previously designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emer-gency Deficit Control Act are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. G
ENERAL PROVISIONS —DEPARTMENT OF  H
OUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT  S
EC. 21102. Any funds made available under the heading ‘‘Community Development Fund’’ under this subdivision that remain available, after the other funds under such heading have been allocated for necessary expenses for activities authorized under such heading, shall be used for additional mitiga-tion activities in the most impacted and dis-tressed areas resulting from a major de-clared disaster that occurred in 2014, 2015, 2016 or 2017: Provided, That such remaining funds shall be awarded to grantees of funding provided for disaster relief under the heading ‘‘Community Development Fund’’ in this subdivision, section 420 of division L of Pub-lic Law 114–113, section 145 of division C of Public Law 114–223, section 192 of division C of Public Law 114–223 (as added by section 101(3) of division A of Public Law 114–254), section 421 of division K of Public Law 115–31, and the same heading in division B of Public Law 115–56 subject to the same terms and conditions under this subdivision and such Acts respectively: Provided further, That each such grantee shall receive an allocation from such remaining funds in the same proportion that the amount of funds such grantee re-ceived under this subdivision and under the Acts specified in the previous proviso bears to the amount of all funds provided to all grantees specified in the previous proviso. SEC. 21103. For 2018, the Secretary of Hous-ing and Urban Development may make tem-porary adjustments to the section 8 housing choice voucher annual renewal funding allo-cations and administrative fee eligibility de-terminations for public housing agencies lo-cated in the most impacted and distressed areas in which a major Presidentially de-clared disaster occurred during 2017 under title IV of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170 et seq.), to avoid significant ad-verse funding impacts that would otherwise result from the disaster, or to facilitate leas-ing up to a public housing agency’s author-ized level of units under contract (but not to exceed such level), upon request by and in consultation with a public housing agency and supported by documentation as required by the Secretary that demonstrates the need for the adjustment. TITLE XII GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS SUBDIVISION S
EC. 21201. Each amount appropriated or made available by this subdivision is in addi-tion to amounts otherwise appropriated for the fiscal year involved. S
EC. 21202. No part of any appropriation contained in this subdivision shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided here-in. S
EC. 21203. Unless otherwise provided for by this subdivision, the additional amounts ap-propriated by this subdivision to appropria-tions accounts shall be available under the authorities and conditions applicable to such appropriations accounts for fiscal year 2018. S
EC. 21204. Each amount designated in this subdivision by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available (or rescinded or transferred, if applicable) only if the President subse-quently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Congress. S
EC. 21205. For purposes of this subdivision, the consequences or impacts of any hurri-cane shall include damages caused by the storm at any time during the entirety of its duration as a cyclone, as defined by the Na-tional Hurricane Center. S
EC. 21206. Any amount appropriated by this subdivision, designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES736 February 7, 2018 
and subsequently so designated by the Presi-dent, and transferred pursuant to transfer authorities provided by this subdivision shall retain such designation. S
EC. 21207. The terms and conditions appli-cable to the funds provided in this subdivi-sion, including those provided by this title, shall also apply to the funds made available in division B of Public Law 115–56 and in di-vision A of Public Law 115–72. S
EC. 21208. (a) Section 305 of division A of the Additional Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Requirements Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–72) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘(1) Not later than Decem-ber 31, 2017,’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than March 31, 2018,’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (2); and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘receiving funds under this division’’ and inserting ‘‘ex-pending more than $10,000,000 of funds pro-vided by this division and division B of Pub-lic Law 115–56 in any one fiscal year’’. (b) Section 305 of division A of the Addi-tional Supplemental Appropriations for Dis-aster Relief Requirements Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–72), as amended by this section, shall apply to funds appropriated by this di-vision as if they had been appropriated by that division. (c) In order to proactively prepare for over-sight of future disaster relief funding, not later than one year after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall issue stand-ard guidance for Federal agencies to use in designing internal control plans for disaster relief funding. This guidance shall leverage existing internal control review processes and shall include, at a minimum, the fol-lowing elements: (1) Robust criteria for identifying and doc-umenting incremental risks and mitigating controls related to the funding. (2) Guidance for documenting the linkage between the incremental risks related to dis-aster funding and efforts to address known internal control risks. S
EC. 21209. Any agency or department pro-vided funding in excess of $3,000,000,000 by this subdivision, including the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the De-partment of Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and the Corps of Engineers, is directed to provide a report to the Committees on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate regarding its efforts to pro-vide adequate resources and technical assist-ance for small, low-income communities af-fected by natural disasters. S
EC. 21210. (a) Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this subdivision and in coordination with the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agen-cy, with support and contributions from the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of Energy, and other Federal agencies having responsibilities defined under the National Disaster Recovery Framework, the Governor of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico shall submit to Congress a report describing the Commonwealth’s 12- and 24-month economic and disaster recovery plan that— (1) defines the priorities, goals, and ex-pected outcomes of the recovery effort for the Commonwealth, based on damage assess-ments prepared pursuant to Federal law, if applicable, including— (A) housing; (B) economic issues, including workforce development and industry expansion and cul-tivation; (C) health and social services; (D) natural and cultural resources; (E) governance and civic institutions; (F) electric power systems and grid res-toration; (G) environmental issues, including solid waste facilities; and (H) other infrastructure systems, including repair, restoration, replacement, and im-provement of public infrastructure such water and wastewater treatment facilities, communications networks, and transpor-tation infrastructure; (2) is consistent with— (A) the Commonwealth’s fiscal capacity to provide long-term operation and mainte-nance of rebuilt or replaced assets; (B) alternative procedures and associated programmatic guidance adopted by the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency pursuant to section 428 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5189f); and (C) actions as may be necessary to miti-gate vulnerabilities to future extreme weather events and natural disasters and in-crease community resilience, including en-couraging the adoption and enforcement of the latest published editions of relevant con-sensus-based codes, specifications, and standards that incorporate the latest hazard- resistant designs and establish minimum ac-ceptable criteria for the design, construc-tion, and maintenance of residential struc-tures and facilities for the purpose of pro-tecting the health, safety, and general wel-fare of the buildings’ users against disasters; (3) promotes transparency and account-ability through appropriate public notifica-tion, outreach, and hearings; (4) identifies performance metrics for as-sessing and reporting on the progress toward achieving the Commonwealth’s recovery goals, as identified under paragraph (1); (5) is developed in coordination with the Oversight Board established under PROMESA; and (6) is certified by that Oversight Board to be consistent with the purpose set forth in section 101(a) of PROMESA (48 U.S.C. 2121(a)). (b) At the end of every 30-day period before the submission of the report described in subsection (a), the Governor of the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico, in coordination with the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, shall provide to Con-gress interim status updates on progress de-veloping such report. (c) At the end of every 180-day period after the submission of the report described in subsection (a), the Governor of the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico, in coordination with the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, shall make public a re-port on progress achieving the goals set forth in such report. (d) During the development, and after the submission, of the report required in sub-section (a), the Oversight Board may provide to Congress reports on the status of coordi-nation with the Governor of Puerto Rico. (e) Amounts made available by this sub-division to a covered territory for response to or recovery from Hurricane Irma or Hurri-cane Maria in an aggregate amount greater than $10,000,000 may be reviewed by the Over-sight Board under the Oversight Board’s au-thority under 204(b)(2) of PROMESA (48 U.S.C. 2144(b)(2)). (f) When developing a Fiscal Plan while the recovery plan required under subsection (a) is in development and in effect, the Over-sight Board shall use and incorporate, to the greatest extent feasible, damage assessments prepared pursuant to Federal law. (g) For purposes of this section, the terms ‘‘covered territory’’ and ‘‘Oversight Board’’ have the meaning given those term in sec-tion 5 of PROMESA (48 U.S.C. 2104). This subdivision may be cited as the ‘‘Fur-ther Additional Supplemental Appropria-tions for Disaster Relief Requirements Act, 2018’’. SUBDIVISION 2—TAX RELIEF AND MED-ICAID CHANGES RELATING TO CERTAIN DISASTERS TITLE I—CALIFORNIA FIRES SEC. 20101. DEFINITIONS. 
For purposes of this title— (1) C
ALIFORNIA WILDFIRE DISASTER ZONE .— The term ‘‘California wildfire disaster zone’’ means that portion of the California wildfire disaster area determined by the President to warrant individual or individual and public assistance from the Federal Government under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act by reason of wildfires in California. (2) C
ALIFORNIA WILDFIRE DISASTER AREA .— The term ‘‘California wildfire disaster area’’ means an area with respect to which between January 1, 2017 through January 18, 2018 a major disaster has been declared by the President under section 401 of such Act by reason of wildfires in California. 
SEC. 20102. SPECIAL DISASTER-RELATED RULES FOR USE OF RETIREMENT FUNDS. 
(a) T AX-FAVORED WITHDRAWALS FROM RE-
TIREMENT PLANS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 72(t) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 shall not apply to any qualified wildfire distribution. (2) A
GGREGATE DOLLAR LIMITATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section, the aggregate amount of distribu-tions received by an individual which may be treated as qualified wildfire distributions for any taxable year shall not exceed the excess (if any) of— (i) $100,000, over (ii) the aggregate amounts treated as qualified wildfire distributions received by such individual for all prior taxable years. (B) T
REATMENT OF PLAN DISTRIBUTIONS .—If a distribution to an individual would (with-out regard to subparagraph (A)) be a quali-fied wildfire distribution, a plan shall not be treated as violating any requirement of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 merely be-cause the plan treats such distribution as a qualified wildfire distribution, unless the ag-gregate amount of such distributions from all plans maintained by the employer (and any member of any controlled group which includes the employer) to such individual ex-ceeds $100,000. (C) C
ONTROLLED GROUP .—For purposes of subparagraph (B), the term ‘‘controlled group’’ means any group treated as a single employer under subsection (b), (c), (m), or (o) of section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (3) A
MOUNT DISTRIBUTED MAY BE REPAID .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Any individual who re-ceives a qualified wildfire distribution may, at any time during the 3-year period begin-ning on the day after the date on which such distribution was received, make one or more contributions in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount of such distribution to an eligible retirement plan of which such indi-vidual is a beneficiary and to which a roll-over contribution of such distribution could be made under section 402(c), 403(a)(4), 403(b)(8), 408(d)(3), or 457(e)(16), of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986, as the case may be. (B) T
REATMENT OF REPAYMENTS OF DIS -
TRIBUTIONS FROM ELIGIBLE RETIREMENT PLANS  
OTHER THAN IRAS .—For purposes of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986, if a contribution is made pursuant to subparagraph (A) with re-spect to a qualified wildfire distribution from an eligible retirement plan other than an individual retirement plan, then the tax-payer shall, to the extent of the amount of the contribution, be treated as having re-ceived the qualified wildfire distribution in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S737 February 7, 2018 
an eligible rollover distribution (as defined in section 402(c)(4) of such Code) and as hav-ing transferred the amount to the eligible re-tirement plan in a direct trustee to trustee transfer within 60 days of the distribution. (C) T
REATMENT OF REPAYMENTS FOR DIS -
TRIBUTIONS FROM IRAS .—For purposes of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, if a contribu-tion is made pursuant to subparagraph (A) with respect to a qualified wildfire distribu-tion from an individual retirement plan (as defined by section 7701(a)(37) of such Code), then, to the extent of the amount of the con-tribution, the qualified wildfire distribution shall be treated as a distribution described in section 408(d)(3) of such Code and as having been transferred to the eligible retirement plan in a direct trustee to trustee transfer within 60 days of the distribution. (4) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section— (A) Q
UALIFIED WILDFIRE DISTRIBUTION .—Ex- cept as provided in paragraph (2), the term ‘‘qualified wildfire distribution’’ means any distribution from an eligible retirement plan made on or after October 8, 2017, and before January 1, 2019, to an individual whose prin-cipal place of abode during any portion of the period from October 8, 2017, to December 31, 2017, is located in the California wildfire disaster area and who has sustained an eco-nomic loss by reason of the wildfires to which the declaration of such area relates. (B) E
LIGIBLE RETIREMENT PLAN .—The term ‘‘eligible retirement plan’’ shall have the meaning given such term by section 402(c)(8)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (5) I
NCOME INCLUSION SPREAD OVER 3 -YEAR  
PERIOD .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any quali-fied wildfire distribution, unless the tax-payer elects not to have this paragraph apply for any taxable year, any amount re-quired to be included in gross income for such taxable year shall be so included rat-ably over the 3-taxable-year period begin-ning with such taxable year. (B) S
PECIAL RULE .—For purposes of sub-paragraph (A), rules similar to the rules of subparagraph (E) of section 408A(d)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall apply. (6) S
PECIAL RULES .— (A) E
XEMPTION OF DISTRIBUTIONS FROM  
TRUSTEE TO TRUSTEE TRANSFER AND WITH -
HOLDING RULES .—For purposes of sections 401(a)(31), 402(f), and 3405 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986, qualified wildfire distribu-tions shall not be treated as eligible rollover distributions. (B) Q
UALIFIED WILDFIRE DISTRIBUTIONS  
TREATED AS MEETING PLAN DISTRIBUTION RE -
QUIREMENTS .—For purposes the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986, a qualified wildfire dis-tribution shall be treated as meeting the re-quirements of sections 401(k)(2)(B)(i), 403(b)(7)(A)(ii), 403(b)(11), and 457(d)(1)(A) of such Code. (b) R
ECONTRIBUTIONS OF WITHDRAWALS FOR  H
OMEPURCHASES .— (1) R
ECONTRIBUTIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Any individual who re-ceived a qualified distribution may, during the period beginning on October 8, 2017, and ending on June 30, 2018, make one or more contributions in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount of such qualified distribu-tion to an eligible retirement plan (as de-fined in section 402(c)(8)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) of which such indi-vidual is a beneficiary and to which a roll-over contribution of such distribution could be made under section 402(c), 403(a)(4), 403(b)(8), or 408(d)(3), of such Code, as the case may be. (B) T
REATMENT OF REPAYMENTS .—Rules similar to the rules of subparagraphs (B) and (C) of subsection (a)(3) shall apply for pur-poses of this subsection. (2) QUALIFIED DISTRIBUTION .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘qualified dis-tribution’’ means any distribution— (A) described in section 401(k)(2)(B)(i)(IV), 403(b)(7)(A)(ii) (but only to the extent such distribution relates to financial hardship), 403(b)(11)(B), or 72(t)(2)(F), of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, (B) received after March 31, 2017, and before January 15, 2018, and (C) which was to be used to purchase or construct a principal residence in the Cali-fornia wildfire disaster area but which was not so purchased or constructed on account of the wildfires to which the declaration of such area relates. (c) L
OANS FROMQUALIFIED PLANS .— (1) I
NCREASE IN LIMIT ON LOANS NOT TREAT -
ED AS DISTRIBUTIONS .—In the case of any loan from a qualified employer plan (as defined under section 72(p)(4) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986) to a qualified individual made during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2018— (A) clause (i) of section 72(p)(2)(A) of such Code shall be applied by substituting ‘‘$100,000’’ for ‘‘$50,000’’, and (B) clause (ii) of such section shall be ap-plied by substituting ‘‘the present value of the nonforfeitable accrued benefit of the em-ployee under the plan’’ for ‘‘one-half of the present value of the nonforfeitable accrued benefit of the employee under the plan’’. (2) D
ELAY OF REPAYMENT .—In the case of a qualified individual with an outstanding loan on or after October 8, 2017, from a qualified employer plan (as defined in section 72(p)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986)— (A) if the due date pursuant to subpara-graph (B) or (C) of section 72(p)(2) of such Code for any repayment with respect to such loan occurs during the period beginning on October 8, 2017, and ending on December 31, 2018, such due date shall be delayed for 1 year, (B) any subsequent repayments with re-spect to any such loan shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect the delay in the due date under paragraph (1) and any interest accru-ing during such delay, and (C) in determining the 5-year period and the term of a loan under subparagraph (B) or (C) of section 72(p)(2) of such Code, the period described in subparagraph (A) shall be dis-regarded. (3) Q
UALIFIED INDIVIDUAL .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘qualified indi-vidual’’ means any individual whose prin-cipal place of abode during any portion of the period from October 8, 2017, to December 31, 2017, is located in the California wildfire disaster area and who has sustained an eco-nomic loss by reason of wildfires to which the declaration of such area relates. (d) P
ROVISIONS RELATING TO PLANAMEND -
MENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If this subsection applies to any amendment to any plan or annuity contract, such plan or contract shall be treated as being operated in accordance with the terms of the plan during the period de-scribed in paragraph (2)(B)(i). (2) A
MENDMENTS TO WHICH SUBSECTION AP -
PLIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—This subsection shall apply to any amendment to any plan or an-nuity contract which is made— (i) pursuant to any provision of this sec-tion, or pursuant to any regulation issued by the Secretary or the Secretary of Labor under any provision of this section, and (ii) on or before the last day of the first plan year beginning on or after January 1, 2019, or such later date as the Secretary may prescribe. In the case of a governmental plan (as de-fined in section 414(d) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986), clause (ii) shall be applied by substituting the date which is 2 years after the date otherwise applied under clause (ii). (B) CONDITIONS .—This subsection shall not apply to any amendment unless— (i) during the period— (I) beginning on the date that this section or the regulation described in subparagraph (A)(i) takes effect (or in the case of a plan or contract amendment not required by this section or such regulation, the effective date specified by the plan), and (II) ending on the date described in sub-paragraph (A)(ii) (or, if earlier, the date the plan or contract amendment is adopted), the plan or contract is operated as if such plan or contract amendment were in effect, and (ii) such plan or contract amendment ap-plies retroactively for such period. 
SEC. 20103. EMPLOYEE RETENTION CREDIT FOR EMPLOYERS AFFECTED BY CALI-FORNIA WILDFIRES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of section 38 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, in the case of an eligible employer, the California wildfire employee retention credit shall be treated as a credit listed in subsection (b) of such section. For purposes of this subsection, the California wildfire employee retention credit for any taxable year is an amount equal to 40 percent of the qualified wages with respect to each eligible employee of such employer for such taxable year. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the amount of qualified wages which may be taken into account with respect to any indi-vidual shall not exceed $6,000. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion— (1) E
LIGIBLE EMPLOYER .—The term ‘‘eligi-ble employer’’ means any employer— (A) which conducted an active trade or business on October 8, 2017, in the California wildfire disaster zone, and (B) with respect to whom the trade or busi-ness described in subparagraph (A) is inoper-able on any day after October 8, 2017, and be-fore January 1, 2018, as a result of damage sustained by reason of the wildfires to which such declaration of such area relates. (2) E
LIGIBLE EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘‘eligi-ble employee’’ means with respect to an eli-gible employer an employee whose principal place of employment on October 8, 2017, with such eligible employer was in the California wildfire disaster zone. (3) Q
UALIFIED WAGES .—The term ‘‘qualified wages’’ means wages (as defined in section 51(c)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, but without regard to section 3306(b)(2)(B) of such Code) paid or incurred by an eligible employer with respect to an eligible em-ployee on any day after October 8, 2017, and before January 1, 2018, which occurs during the period— (A) beginning on the date on which the trade or business described in paragraph (1) first became inoperable at the principal place of employment of the employee imme-diately before the wildfires to which the dec-laration of the California wildfire disaster area relates, and (B) ending on the date on which such trade or business has resumed significant oper-ations at such principal place of employ-ment. Such term shall include wages paid without regard to whether the employee performs no services, performs services at a different place of employment than such principal place of employment, or performs services at such principal place of employment before significant operations have resumed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES738 February 7, 2018 
(c) C ERTAIN RULES TOAPPLY .—For pur- poses of this section, rules similar to the rules of sections 51(i)(1), 52, and 280C(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, shall apply. (d) E
MPLOYEE NOTTAKEN INTO ACCOUNT  M
ORETHANONCE.—An employee shall not be treated as an eligible employee for purposes of this section for any period with respect to any employer if such employer is allowed a credit under section 51 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 with respect to such em-ployee for such period. 
SEC. 20104. ADDITIONAL DISASTER-RELATED TAX RELIEF PROVISIONS. 
(a) T EMPORARY SUSPENSION OF LIMITATIONS  
ONCHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in paragraph (2), subsection (b) of sec-tion 170 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall not apply to qualified contributions and such contributions shall not be taken into account for purposes of applying sub-sections (b) and (d) of such section to other contributions. (2) T
REATMENT OF EXCESS CONTRIBUTIONS .— For purposes of section 170 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986— (A) I
NDIVIDUALS .—In the case of an indi-vidual— (i) L
IMITATION .—Any qualified contribution shall be allowed only to the extent that the aggregate of such contributions does not ex-ceed the excess of the taxpayer’s contribu-tion base (as defined in subparagraph (H) of section 170(b)(1) of such Code) over the amount of all other charitable contributions allowed under section 170(b)(1) of such Code. (ii) C
ARRYOVER .—If the aggregate amount of qualified contributions made in the con-tribution year (within the meaning of sec-tion 170(d)(1) of such Code) exceeds the limi-tation of clause (i), such excess shall be added to the excess described in the portion of subparagraph (A) of such section which precedes clause (i) thereof for purposes of ap-plying such section. (B) C
ORPORATIONS .—In the case of a cor-poration— (i) L
IMITATION .—Any qualified contribution shall be allowed only to the extent that the aggregate of such contributions does not ex-ceed the excess of the taxpayer’s taxable in-come (as determined under paragraph (2) of section 170(b) of such Code) over the amount of all other charitable contributions allowed under such paragraph. (ii) C
ARRYOVER .—Rules similar to the rules of subparagraph (A)(ii) shall apply for pur-poses of this subparagraph. (3) E
XCEPTION TO OVERALL LIMITATION ON  
ITEMIZED DEDUCTIONS .—So much of any de-duction allowed under section 170 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 as does not ex-ceed the qualified contributions paid during the taxable year shall not be treated as an itemized deduction for purposes of section 68 of such Code. (4) Q
UALIFIED CONTRIBUTIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section, the term ‘‘qualified contribution’’ means any charitable contribution (as de-fined in section 170(c) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986) if— (i) such contribution— (I) is paid during the period beginning on October 8, 2017, and ending on December 31, 2018, in cash to an organization described in section 170(b)(1)(A) of such Code, and (II) is made for relief efforts in the Cali-fornia wildfire disaster area, (ii) the taxpayer obtains from such organi-zation contemporaneous written acknowl-edgment (within the meaning of section 170(f)(8) of such Code) that such contribution was used (or is to be used) for relief efforts described in clause (i)(II), and (iii) the taxpayer has elected the applica-tion of this subsection with respect to such contribution. (B) EXCEPTION .—Such term shall not in-clude a contribution by a donor if the con-tribution is— (i) to an organization described in section 509(a)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, or (ii) for the establishment of a new, or maintenance of an existing, donor advised fund (as defined in section 4966(d)(2) of such Code). (C) A
PPLICATION OF ELECTION TO PARTNER -
SHIPS AND S CORPORATIONS .—In the case of a partnership or S corporation, the election under subparagraph (A)(iii) shall be made separately by each partner or shareholder. (b) S
PECIAL RULES FOR QUALIFIED DIS-
ASTER -RELATED PERSONAL CASUALTY  L
OSSES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If an individual has a net disaster loss for any taxable year— (A) the amount determined under section 165(h)(2)(A)(ii) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall be equal to the sum of— (i) such net disaster loss, and (ii) so much of the excess referred to in the matter preceding clause (i) of section 165(h)(2)(A) of such Code (reduced by the amount in clause (i) of this subparagraph) as exceeds 10 percent of the adjusted gross in-come of the individual, (B) section 165(h)(1) of such Code shall be applied by substituting ‘‘$500’’ for ‘‘$500 ($100 for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2009)’’, (C) the standard deduction determined under section 63(c) of such Code shall be in-creased by the net disaster loss, and (D) section 56(b)(1)(E) of such Code shall not apply to so much of the standard deduc-tion as is attributable to the increase under subparagraph (C) of this paragraph. (2) N
ET DISASTER LOSS .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘net disaster loss’’ means the excess of qualified disaster-re-lated personal casualty losses over personal casualty gains (as defined in section 165(h)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986). (3) Q
UALIFIED DISASTER -RELATED PERSONAL  
CASUALTY LOSSES .—For purposes of this sub-section, the term ‘‘qualified disaster-related personal casualty losses’’ means losses de-scribed in section 165(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 which arise in the Cali-fornia wildfire disaster area on or after Octo-ber 8, 2017, and which are attributable to the wildfires to which the declaration of such area relates. (c) S
PECIAL RULE FOR DETERMINING EARNED  I
NCOME .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a qualified individual, if the earned income of the tax-payer for the taxable year which includes any portion of the period from October 8, 2017, to December 31, 2017, is less than the earned income of the taxpayer for the pre-ceding taxable year, the credits allowed under sections 24(d) and 32 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 may, at the election of the taxpayer, be determined by sub-stituting— (A) such earned income for the preceding taxable year, for (B) such earned income for the taxable year which includes any portion of the pe-riod from October 8, 2017, to December 31, 2017. (2) Q
UALIFIED INDIVIDUAL .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘qualified indi-vidual’’ means any individual whose prin-cipal place of abode during any portion of the period from October 8, 2017, to December 31, 2017, was located— (A) in the California wildfire disaster zone, or (B) in the California wildfire disaster area (but outside the California wildfire disaster zone) and such individual was displaced from such principal place of abode by reason of the wildfires to which the declaration of such area relates. (3) EARNED INCOME .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘earned income’’ has the meaning given such term under section 32(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (4) S
PECIAL RULES .— (A) A
PPLICATION TO JOINT RETURNS .—For purposes of paragraph (1), in the case of a joint return for a taxable year which in-cludes any portion of the period from Octo-ber 8, 2017, to December 31, 2017— (i) such paragraph shall apply if either spouse is a qualified individual, and (ii) the earned income of the taxpayer for the preceding taxable year shall be the sum of the earned income of each spouse for such preceding taxable year. (B) U
NIFORM APPLICATION OF ELECTION .— Any election made under paragraph (1) shall apply with respect to both sections 24(d) and 32, of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (C) E
RRORS TREATED AS MATHEMATICAL  
ERROR .—For purposes of section 6213 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, an incorrect use on a return of earned income pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be treated as a mathe-matical or clerical error. (D) N
O EFFECT ON DETERMINATION OF GROSS  
INCOME , ETC.—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall be applied without regard to any substitution under paragraph (1). TITLE II—TAX RELIEF FOR HURRICANES HARVEY, IRMA, AND MARIA 
SEC. 20201. TAX RELIEF FOR HURRICANES HAR-VEY, IRMA, AND MARIA. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF HURRICANES HARVEY  
AND IRMA DISASTER AREAS .—Subsections (a)(2) and (b)(2) of section 501 of the Disaster Tax Relief and Airport and Airway Exten-sion Act of 2017 (Public Law 115–63; 131 Stat. 1173) are both amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 21, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘October 17, 2017’’. (b) E
MPLOYEE RETENTION CREDIT .—Sub- sections (a)(3), (b)(3), and (c)(3) of section 503 of the Disaster Tax Relief and Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2017 (Public Law 115–63; 131 Stat. 1181) are each amended by striking ‘‘sections 51(i)(1) and 52’’ and insert-ing ‘‘sections 51(i)(1), 52, and 280C(a)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect as if included in the provisions of title V of the Disaster Tax Relief and Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2017 to which such amend-ments relate. TITLE III—HURRICANE MARIA RELIEF FOR PUERTO RICO AND THE VIRGIN IS-LANDS MEDICAID PROGRAMS 
SEC. 20301. HURRICANE MARIA RELIEF FOR PUERTO RICO AND THE VIRGIN IS-LANDS MEDICAID PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NCREASED CAPS.—Section 1108(g)(5) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1308(g)(5)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sub-paragraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (B), (C), (D), and (E)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(C) Subject to subparagraphs (D) and (E), for the period beginning January 1, 2018, and ending September 30, 2019— ‘‘(i) the amount of the increase otherwise provided under subparagraphs (A) and (B) for Puerto Rico shall be further increased by $3,600,000,000; and ‘‘(ii) the amount of the increase otherwise provided under subparagraph (A) for the Vir-gin Islands shall be further increased by $106,931,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S739 February 7, 2018 
‘‘(D) For the period described in subpara-graph (C), the amount of the increase other-wise provided under subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(i) for Puerto Rico shall be further in-creased by $1,200,000,000 if the Secretary cer-tifies that Puerto Rico has taken reasonable and appropriate steps during such period, in accordance with a timeline established by the Secretary, to— ‘‘(I) implement methods, satisfactory to the Secretary, for the collection and report-ing of reliable data to the Transformed Med-icaid Statistical Information System (T– MSIS) (or a successor system); and ‘‘(II) demonstrate progress in establishing a State medicaid fraud control unit de-scribed in section 1903(q); and ‘‘(ii) for the Virgin Islands shall be further increased by $35,644,000 if the Secretary cer-tifies that the Virgin Islands has taken rea-sonable and appropriate steps during such period, in accordance with a timeline estab-lished by the Secretary, to meet the condi-tions for certification specified in subclauses (I) and (II) of clause (i). ‘‘(E) Notwithstanding any other provision of title XIX, during the period in which the additional funds provided under subpara-graphs (C) and (D) are available for Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, respectively, with respect to payments from such addi-tional funds for amounts expended by Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands under such title, the Secretary shall increase the Federal medical assistance percentage or other rate that would otherwise apply to such pay-ments to 100 percent.’’. (b) D
ISREGARD OF CERTAIN EXPENDITURES  F
ROM SPENDING CAP.—Section 1108(g)(4) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1308(g)(4)) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘for a calendar quarter of such fiscal year,’’ after ‘‘section 1903(a)(3)’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘of such fiscal year for a calendar quarter of such fiscal year,’’ and in-serting ‘‘of such fiscal year, and with respect to fiscal years beginning with fiscal year 2018, if the Virgin Islands qualifies for a pay-ment under section 1903(a)(6) for a calendar quarter (beginning on or after January 1, 2018) of such fiscal year,’’. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than July 1, 2018, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit a report to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate that— (1) describes the steps taken by Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands to meet the con-ditions for certification specified in clauses (i) and (ii ), respectively, of section 1108(g)(5)(D) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1308(g)(5)(D)) (as amended by sub-section (a) of this section); and (2) specifies timelines for each such terri-tory to, as a condition of eligibility for any additional increases in the amounts deter-mined for Puerto Rico or the Virgin Islands, respectively, under subsection (g) of section 1108 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1308) for purposes of payments under title XIX of such Act for fiscal year 2019, complete— (A) implementation of methods, satisfac-tory to the Secretary, for the collection and reporting of reliable data to the Transformed Medicaid Statistical Information System (T– MSIS) (or a successor system); and (B) the establishment of a State medicaid fraud control unit described in section 1903(q) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d(q)). TITLE IV—BUDGETARY EFFECTS 
SEC. 20401. EMERGENCY DESIGNATION. 
This subdivision is designated as an emer-gency requirement pursuant to section 4(g) of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 (2 U.S.C. 933(g)). SEC. 20402. DESIGNATION IN SENATE. 
In the Senate, this subdivision is des-ignated as an emergency requirement pursu-ant to section 4112(a) of H. Con. Res. 71 (115th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018. Subdivision 3—Further Extension of Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018 S
EC. 20101. The Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018 (division D of Public Law 115–56) is further amended by— (1) striking the date specified in section 106(3) and inserting ‘‘March 23, 2018’’; and (2) inserting after section 155 the following new sections: ‘‘S
EC. 156. In addition to amounts provided by section 101, amounts are provided for ‘De-partment of Commerce—Bureau of the Cen-sus—Periodic Census and Programs’ at a rate for operations of $182,000,000 for an additional amount for the 2020 Decennial Census Pro-gram; and such amounts may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to maintain the schedule and deliver the re-quired data according to statutory deadlines in the 2020 Decennial Census Program. ‘‘S
EC. 157. Notwithstanding section 101, the matter preceding the first proviso and the first proviso under the heading ‘Power Mar-keting Administrations—Operation and Maintenance, Southeastern Power Adminis-tration’ in division D of Public Law 115–31 shall be applied by substituting ‘$6,379,000’ for ‘$1,000,000’ each place it appears. ‘‘S
EC. 158. As authorized by section 404 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–74; 42 U.S.C. 6239 note), the Sec-retary of Energy shall draw down and sell not to exceed $350,000,000 of crude oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve in fiscal year 2018: Provided, That the proceeds from such drawdown and sale shall be deposited into the ‘Energy Security and Infrastructure Modernization Fund’ (in this section referred to as the ‘Fund’) during fiscal year 2018: Pro- vided further, That in addition to amounts otherwise made available by section 101, any amounts deposited in the Fund shall be made available and shall remain available until expended at a rate for operations of $350,000,000, for necessary expenses in car-rying out the Life Extension II project for the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. ‘‘S
EC. 159. Amounts made available by sec-tion 101 for ‘The Judiciary—Courts of Ap-peals, District Courts, and Other Judicial Services—Fees of Jurors and Commissioners’ may be apportioned up to the rate for oper-ations necessary to accommodate increased juror usage. ‘‘S
EC. 160. Section 144 of the Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018 (division D of Pub-lic Law 115–56), as amended by the Further Additional Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018 (division A of Public Law 115–96), is amended by (1) striking ‘$11,761,000’ and in-serting ‘$22,247,000’, and (2) striking ‘$1,104,000’ and inserting ‘$1,987,000’. ‘‘S
EC. 161. Section 458(a)(4) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087h(a)(4)) shall be applied by substituting ‘2018’ for ‘2017’. ‘‘S
EC. 162. For the purpose of carrying out section 435(a)(2) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (HEA) (20 U.S.C. 1085(a)(2)), during the period covered by this Act the Secretary of Education may waive the requirement under section 435(a)(5)(A)(ii) of the HEA (20 U.S.C. 1085(a)(5)(A)(ii)) for an institution of higher education that offers an associate degree, is a public institution, and is located in an eco-nomically distressed county, defined as a county that ranks in the lowest 5 percent of all counties in the United States based on a national index of county economic status: Provided, That this section shall apply to an institution of higher education that other-wise would be ineligible to participate in a program under part A of title IV of the HEA on or after the date of enactment of this Act due to the application of section 435(a)(2) of the HEA. ‘‘SEC. 163. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, funds made available by this Act for military construction, land acquisi-tion, and family housing projects and activi-ties may be obligated and expended to carry out planning and design and military con-struction projects authorized by law: Pro- vided, That funds and authority provided by this section may be used notwithstanding sections 102 and 104: Provided further, That such funds may be used only for projects identified by the Department of the Air Force in its January 29, 2018, letter sent to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress detailing urgently needed fiscal year 2018 construction requirements. ‘‘S
EC. 164. (a) Section 116(h)(3)(D) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— ‘‘(1) in clause (i), by striking ‘During the 2- year period beginning on the date of enact-ment of this section, the’; inserting ‘The’; and inserting the following after the first sentence: ‘Any such funds or limitation of obligations or portions thereof transferred to the Bureau may be transferred back to and merged with the original account.’; and ‘‘(2) in clause (ii) by striking ‘During the 2- year period beginning on the date of enact-ment of this section, the’; inserting ‘The’; and inserting the following after the first sentence: ‘Any such funds or limitation of obligations or portions thereof transferred to the Bureau may be transferred back to and merged with the original account.’. ‘‘(b) Section 503(l)(4) of the Railroad Revi-talization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 823(l)(4)) is amended— ‘‘(1) in the heading by striking ‘Safety and operations account’ and inserting ‘National Surface Transportation and Innovative Fi-nance Bureau account’; and ‘‘(2) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘Safe-ty and Operations account of the Federal Railroad Administration’ and inserting ‘Na-tional Surface Transportation and Innova-tive Finance Bureau account’. ‘‘S
EC. 165. Section 24(o) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437v) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in section 106(3) for ‘September 30, 2017’.’’. This subdivision may be cited as the ‘‘Fur-ther Extension of Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION C—BUDGETARY AND OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 30001. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this division is as follows: DIVISION C—BUDGETARY AND OTHER MATTERS Sec. 30001. Table of contents. TITLE I—BUDGET ENFORCEMENT Sec. 30101. Amendments to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. Sec. 30102. Balances on the PAYGO Score-cards. Sec. 30103. Authority for fiscal year 2019 budget resolution in the Sen-ate. Sec. 30104. Authority for fiscal year 2019 budget resolution in the House of Representatives. Sec. 30105. Exercise of rulemaking powers. TITLE II—OFFSETS Sec. 30201. Customs user fees. Sec. 30202. Aviation security service fees. Sec. 30203. Extension of certain immigration fees. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES740 February 7, 2018 
Sec. 30204. Strategic Petroleum Reserve drawdown. Sec. 30205. Elimination of surplus funds of Federal reserve banks. Sec. 30206. Reemployment services and eligi-bility assessments. TITLE III—TEMPORARY EXTENSION OF PUBLIC DEBT LIMIT Sec. 30301. Temporary extension of public debt limit. TITLE IV—JOINT SELECT COMMITTEES Subtitle A—Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans Sec. 30421. Definitions. Sec. 30422. Establishment of Joint Select Committee. Sec. 30423. Funding. Sec. 30424. Consideration of joint committee bill in the Senate. Subtitle B—Joint Select Committee on Budget and Appropriations Process Reform Sec. 30441. Definitions. Sec. 30442. Establishment of Joint Select Committee. Sec. 30443. Funding. Sec. 30444. Consideration of joint committee bill in the Senate. TITLE I—BUDGET ENFORCEMENT 
SEC. 30101. AMENDMENTS TO THE BALANCED BUDGET AND EMERGENCY DEFICIT CONTROL ACT OF 1985. 
(a) R EVISED DISCRETIONARY SPENDING LIM-
ITS.—Section 251(c) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(c)) is amended by striking para-graphs (5) and (6) and inserting the following: ‘‘(5) for fiscal year 2018— ‘‘(A) for the revised security category, $629,000,000,000 in new budget authority; and ‘‘(B) for the revised nonsecurity category $579,000,000,000 in new budget authority; ‘‘(6) for fiscal year 2019— ‘‘(A) for the revised security category, $647,000,000,000 in new budget authority; and ‘‘(B) for the revised nonsecurity category, $597,000,000,000 in new budget authority;’’. (b) D
IRECT SPENDING ADJUSTMENTS FOR FIS-
CALYEARS 2018 AND2019.—Section 251A of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a), is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (5)(B), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘and (11)’’ and inserting ‘‘, (11), and (12)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(12) I
MPLEMENTING DIRECT SPENDING RE -
DUCTIONS FOR FISCAL YEARS 2018 AND 2019 .—(A) OMB shall make the calculations necessary to implement the direct spending reductions calculated pursuant to paragraphs (3) and (4) without regard to the amendment made to section 251(c) revising the discretionary spending limits for fiscal years 2018 and 2019 by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018. ‘‘(B) Paragraph (5)(B) shall not be imple-mented for fiscal years 2018 and 2019.’’. (c) E
XTENSION OF DIRECT SPENDING REDUC -
TIONS THROUGH FISCAL YEAR 2027.—Section 251A(6) of the Balanced Budget and Emer-gency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a(6)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2022, for fiscal year 2023, for fiscal year 2024, and for fiscal year 2025’’ and inserting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2022 through 2027’’; and (2) in subparagraph (C), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2025’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2027’’. 
SEC. 30102. BALANCES ON THE PAYGO SCORE-CARDS. 
Effective on the date of enactment of this Act, the balances on the PAYGO scorecards established pursuant to paragraphs (4) and (5) of section 4(d) of the Statutory Pay-As- You-Go Act of 2010 (2 U.S.C. 933(d)) shall be zero. SEC. 30103. AUTHORITY FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 BUDGET RESOLUTION IN THE SEN-ATE. 
(a) F ISCAL YEAR2019.—For purposes of en-forcing the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.) after April 15, 2018, and enforcing budgetary points of order in prior concurrent resolutions on the budget, the al-locations, aggregates, and levels provided for in subsection (b) shall apply in the Senate in the same manner as for a concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2019 with appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2020 through 2028. (b) C
OMMITTEE ALLOCATIONS , AGGREGATES , 
AND LEVELS .—After April 15, 2018, but not later than May 15, 2018, the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate shall file— (1) for the Committee on Appropriations, committee allocations for fiscal year 2019 consistent with discretionary spending lim-its set forth in section 251(c)(6) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended by this Act, for the purposes of enforcing section 302 of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633); (2) for all committees other than the Com-mittee on Appropriations, committee alloca-tions for fiscal years 2019, 2019 through 2023, and 2019 through 2028 consistent with the most recent baseline of the Congressional Budget Office, as adjusted for the budgetary effects of any provision of law enacted dur-ing the period beginning on the date such baseline is issued and ending on the date of submission of such statement, for the pur-poses of enforcing section 302 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633); (3) aggregate spending levels for fiscal year 2019 in accordance with the allocations es-tablished under paragraphs (1) and (2), for the purpose of enforcing section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 642); (4) aggregate revenue levels for fiscal years 2019, 2019 through 2023, and 2019 through 2028 consistent with the most recent baseline of the Congressional Budget Office, as adjusted for the budgetary effects of any provision of law enacted during the period beginning on the date such baseline is issued and ending on the date of submission of such statement, for the purpose of enforcing section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 642); and (5) levels of Social Security revenues and outlays for fiscal years 2019, 2019 through 2023, and 2019 through 2028 consistent with the most recent baseline of the Congres-sional Budget Office, as adjusted for the budgetary effects of any provision of law en-acted during the period beginning on the date such baseline is issued and ending on the date of submission of such statement, for the purpose of enforcing sections 302 and 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633 and 642). (c) A
DDITIONAL MATTER .—The filing re-ferred to in subsection (b) may also include for fiscal year 2019 the deficit-neutral reserve funds contained in title III of H. Con. Res. 71 (115th Congress) updated by one fiscal year. (d) E
XPIRATION .—This section shall expire if a concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2019 is agreed to by the Senate and the House of Representatives pursuant to section 301 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 632). 
SEC. 30104. AUTHORITY FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 BUDGET RESOLUTION IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
(a) F ISCAL YEAR2019.—If a concurrent reso-lution on the budget for fiscal year 2019 has not been adopted by April 15, 2018, for the purpose of enforcing the Congressional Budg-et Act of 1974, the allocations, aggregates, and levels provided for in subsection (b) shall apply in the House of Representatives after April 15, 2018, in the same manner as for a concurrent resolution on the budget for fis-cal year 2019 with appropriate budgetary lev-els for fiscal year 2019 and for fiscal years 2020 through 2028. (b) COMMITTEE ALLOCATIONS , AGGREGATES , 
AND LEVELS .—In the House of Representa-tives, the Chair of the Committee on the Budget shall submit a statement for publica-tion in the Congressional Record after April 15, 2018, but not later than May 15, 2018, con-taining— (1) for the Committee on Appropriations, committee allocations for fiscal year 2019 for discretionary budget authority at the total level set forth in section 251(c)(6) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended by this Act, and the outlays flowing therefrom, and committee allocations for fiscal year 2019 for current law mandatory budget authority and out-lays, for the purpose of enforcing section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974; (2) for all committees other than the Com-mittee on Appropriations, committee alloca-tions for fiscal year 2019 and for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028 at the levels in-cluded in the most recent baseline of the Congressional Budget Office, as adjusted for the budgetary effects of any provision of law enacted during the period beginning on the date such baseline is issued and ending on the date of submission of such statement, for the purpose of enforcing section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974; and (3) aggregate spending levels for fiscal year 2019 and aggregate revenue levels for fiscal year 2019 and for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028, at the levels included in the most recent baseline of the Congres-sional Budget Office, as adjusted for the budgetary effects of any provision of law en-acted during the period beginning on the date such baseline is issued and ending on the date of submission of such statement, for the purpose of enforcing section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. (c) A
DDITIONAL MATTER .—The statement referred to in subsection (b) may also include for fiscal year 2019, the matter contained in the provisions referred to in subsection (f)(1). (d) F
ISCAL YEAR 2019 A LLOCATION TO THE  C
OMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS .—If the state-ment referred to in subsection (b) is not filed by May 15, 2018, then the matter referred to in subsection (b)(1) shall be submitted by the Chair of the Committee on the Budget for publication in the Congressional Record on the next day that the House of Representa-tives is in session. (e) A
DJUSTMENTS .—The chair of the Com-mittee on the Budget of the House of Rep-resentatives may adjust the levels included in the statement referred to in subsection (b) to reflect the budgetary effects of any legis-lation enacted during the 115th Congress that reduces the deficit or as otherwise nec-essary. (f) A
PPLICATION .—Upon submission of the statement referred to in subsection (b)— (1) all references in sections 5101 through 5112, sections 5201 through 5205, section 5301, and section 5401 of House Concurrent Resolu-tion 71 (115th Congress) to a fiscal year shall be considered for all purposes in the House to be references to the succeeding fiscal year; and (2) all references in the provisions referred to in paragraph (1) to allocations, aggre-gates, or other appropriate levels in ‘‘this concurrent resolution’’, ‘‘the most recently agreed to concurrent resolution on the budg-et’’, or ‘‘this resolution’’ shall be considered for all purposes in the House to be references 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S741 February 7, 2018 
to the allocations, aggregates, or other ap-propriate levels contained in the statement referred to in subsection (b), as adjusted. (g) E
XPIRATION .—Subsections (a) through (f) shall no longer apply if a concurrent reso-lution on the budget for fiscal year 2019 is agreed to by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives. 
SEC. 30105. EXERCISE OF RULEMAKING POWERS. 
Sections 30103 and 30104 are enacted by the Congress— (1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives, respectively, and as such they shall be considered as part of the rules of each House, respectively, or of that House to which they specifically apply, and such rules shall su-persede other rules only to the extent that they are inconsistent therewith; and (2) with full recognition of the constitu-tional right of either House to change such rules (so far as relating to such House) at any time, in the same manner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of such House. TITLE II—OFFSETS 
SEC. 30201. CUSTOMS USER FEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 13031(j)(3) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(j)(3)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Janu-ary 14, 2026’’ and inserting ‘‘February 24, 2027’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B)(i), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2025’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2027’’. (b) R
ATE FOR MERCHANDISE PROCESSING  F
EES.—Section 503 of the United States– Korea Free Trade Agreement Implementa-tion Act (Public Law 112–41; 19 U.S.C. 3805 note) is amended by striking ‘‘January 14, 2026’’ and inserting ‘‘February 24, 2027’’. 
SEC. 30202. AVIATION SECURITY SERVICE FEES. 
Paragraph (4) of section 44940(i) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(M) $1,640,000,000 for fiscal year 2026. ‘‘(N) $1,680,000,000 for fiscal year 2027.’’. 
SEC. 30203. EXTENSION OF CERTAIN IMMIGRA-TION FEES. 
(a) V ISA WAIVER PROGRAM .—Section 217(h)(3)(B)(iii) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187(h)(3)(B)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2027’’. (b) L-1 
ANDH-1BVISAS.—Section 411 of the Air Transportation Safety and System Sta-bilization Act (49 U.S.C. 40101 note) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘September 30, 2025’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2027’’. 
SEC. 30204. STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE DRAWDOWN. 
(a) D RAWDOWN AND SALE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 161 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241), except as provided in subsection (b), the Secretary of Energy shall draw down and sell from the Strategic Petro-leum Reserve— (A) 30,000,000 barrels of crude oil during the period of fiscal years 2022 through 2025; (B) 35,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fis-cal year 2026; and (C) 35,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fis-cal year 2027. (2) D
EPOSIT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED FROM  
SALE .—Amounts received from a sale under paragraph (1) shall be deposited in the gen-eral fund of the Treasury during the fiscal year in which the sale occurs. (b) E
MERGENCY PROTECTION .—The Sec-retary of Energy may not draw down and sell crude oil under this section in quantities that would limit the authority to sell petro-leum products under subsection (h) of sec-tion 161 of the Energy Policy and Conserva-tion Act (42 U.S.C. 6241) in the full quantity authorized by that subsection. (c) STRATEGIC PETROLEUM DRAWDOWN CON-
DITIONS AND LIMITATIONS .— (1) C
ONDITIONS .—Section 161(h)(1) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241(h)(1)) is amended in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘shortage; and’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Secretary of’’ in subpara-graph (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘shortage; ‘‘(C) the Secretary has found that action taken under this subsection will not impair the ability of the United States to carry out obligations of the United States under the international energy program; and ‘‘(D) the Secretary of’’. (2) L
IMITATIONS .—Section 161(h)(2) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241(h)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘450,000,000’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘350,000,000’’. 
SEC. 30205. ELIMINATION OF SURPLUS FUNDS OF FEDERAL RESERVE BANKS. 
Section 7(a)(3)(A) of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 289(a)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘$10,000,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$7,500,000,000’’. 
SEC. 30206. REEMPLOYMENT SERVICES AND ELI-GIBILITY ASSESSMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title III of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 501 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 306. GRANTS TO STATES FOR REEMPLOY-MENT SERVICES AND ELIGIBILITY ASSESSMENTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Labor (in this section referred to as the ‘Sec-retary’) shall award grants under this sec-tion for a fiscal year to eligible States to conduct a program of reemployment services and eligibility assessments for individuals referred to reemployment services as de-scribed in section 303(j) for weeks in such fis-cal year for which such individuals receive unemployment compensation. ‘‘(b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of this sec-tion are to accomplish the following goals: ‘‘(1) To improve employment outcomes of individuals that receive unemployment com-pensation and to reduce the average duration of receipt of such compensation through em-ployment. ‘‘(2) To strengthen program integrity and reduce improper payments of unemployment compensation by States through the detec-tion and prevention of such payments to in-dividuals who are not eligible for such com-pensation. ‘‘(3) To promote alignment with the broad-er vision of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.) of in-creased program integration and service de-livery for job seekers, including claimants for unemployment compensation. ‘‘(4) To establish reemployment services and eligibility assessments as an entry point for individuals receiving unemployment compensation into other workforce system partner programs. ‘‘(c) E
VIDENCE -BASED STANDARDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out a State program of reemployment services and eligi-bility assessments using grant funds awarded to the State under this section, a State shall use such funds only for interventions dem-onstrated to reduce the number of weeks for which program participants receive unem-ployment compensation by improving em-ployment outcomes for program partici-pants. ‘‘(2) E
XPANDING EVIDENCE -BASED INTERVEN -
TIONS .—In addition to the requirement im-posed by paragraph (1), a State shall— ‘‘(A) for fiscal years 2023 and 2024, use no less than 25 percent of the grant funds awarded to the State under this section for interventions with a high or moderate causal evidence rating that show a demonstrated capacity to improve employment and earn-ings outcomes for program participants; ‘‘(B) for fiscal years 2025 and 2026, use no less than 40 percent of such grant funds for interventions described in subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(C) for fiscal years beginning after fiscal year 2026, use no less than 50 percent of such grant funds for interventions described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(d) EVALUATIONS .— ‘‘(1) R
EQUIRED EVALUATIONS .—Any inter-vention without a high or moderate causal evidence rating used by a State in carrying out a State program of reemployment serv-ices and eligibility assessments under this section shall be under evaluation at the time of use. ‘‘(2) F
UNDING LIMITATION .—A State shall use not more than 10 percent of grant funds awarded to the State under this section to conduct or cause to be conducted evaluations of interventions used in carrying out a pro-gram under this section (including evalua-tions conducted pursuant to paragraph (1)). ‘‘(e) S
TATE PLAN.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As a condition of eligi-bility to receive a grant under this section for a fiscal year, a State shall submit to the Secretary, at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require, a State plan that outlines how the State intends to con-duct a program of reemployment services and eligibility assessments under this sec-tion, including— ‘‘(A) assurances that, and a description of how, the program will provide— ‘‘(i) proper notification to participating in-dividuals of the program’s eligibility condi-tions, requirements, and benefits, including the issuance of warnings and simple, clear notifications to ensure that participating in-dividuals are fully aware of the consequences of failing to adhere to such requirements, in-cluding policies related to non-attendance or non-fulfillment of work search requirements; and ‘‘(ii) reasonable scheduling accommoda-tions to maximize participation for eligible individuals; ‘‘(B) assurances that, and a description of how, the program will conform with the pur-poses outlined in subsection (b) and satisfy the requirement to use evidence-based stand-ards under subsection (c), including— ‘‘(i) a description of the evidence-based interventions the State plans to use to speed reemployment; ‘‘(ii) an explanation of how such interven-tions are appropriate to the population served; and ‘‘(iii) if applicable, a description of the evaluation structure the State plans to use for interventions without at least a mod-erate or high causal evidence rating, which may include national evaluations conducted by the Department of Labor or by other enti-ties; and ‘‘(C) a description of any reemployment ac-tivities and evaluations conducted in the prior fiscal year, and any data collected on— ‘‘(i) characteristics of program partici-pants; ‘‘(ii) the number of weeks for which pro-gram participants receive unemployment compensation; and ‘‘(iii) employment and other outcomes for program participants consistent with State performance accountability measures pro-vided by the State unemployment compensa-tion program and in section 116(b) of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3141(b)). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES742 February 7, 2018 
‘‘(2) A PPROVAL .—The Secretary shall ap-prove any State plan, that is timely sub-mitted to the Secretary, in such manner as the Secretary may require, that satisfies the conditions described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) D
ISAPPROVAL AND REVISION .—If the Secretary determines that a State plan sub-mitted pursuant to this subsection fails to satisfy the conditions described in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) disapprove such plan; ‘‘(B) provide to the State, not later than 30 days after the date of receipt of the State plan, a written notice of such disapproval that includes a description of any portion of the plan that was not approved and the rea-son for the disapproval of each such portion; and ‘‘(C) provide the State with an opportunity to correct any such failure and submit a re-vised State plan. ‘‘(f) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) B
ASE FUNDING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For each fiscal year after fiscal year 2020, the Secretary shall al-locate a percentage equal to the base funding percentage for such fiscal year of the funds made available for grants under this section among the States awarded such a grant for such fiscal year using a formula prescribed by the Secretary based on the rate of insured unemployment (as defined in section 203(e)(1) of the Federal-State Extended Unemploy-ment Compensation Act of 1970 (26 U.S.C. 3304 note)) in the State for a period to be de-termined by the Secretary. In developing such formula with respect to a State, the Secretary shall consider the importance of avoiding sharp reductions in grant funding to a State over time. ‘‘(B) B
ASE FUNDING PERCENTAGE .—For pur- poses of subparagraph (A), the term ‘base funding percentage’ means— ‘‘(i) for fiscal years 2021 through 2026, 89 percent; and ‘‘(ii) for fiscal years after 2026, 84 percent. ‘‘(2) R
ESERVATION FOR OUTCOME PAY -
MENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Of the amounts made available for grants under this section for each fiscal year after 2020, the Secretary shall reserve a percentage equal to the out-come reservation percentage for such fiscal year for outcome payments to increase the amount otherwise awarded to a State under paragraph (1). Such outcome payments shall be paid to States conducting reemployment services and eligibility assessments under this section that, during the previous fiscal year, met or exceeded the outcome goals pro-vided in subsection (b)(1) related to reducing the average duration of receipt of unemploy-ment compensation by improving employ-ment outcomes. ‘‘(B) O
UTCOME RESERVATION PERCENTAGE .— For purposes of subparagraph (A), the term ‘outcome reservation percentage’ means— ‘‘(i) for fiscal years 2021 through 2026, 10 percent; and ‘‘(ii) for fiscal years after 2026, 15 percent. ‘‘(3) R
ESERVATION FOR RESEARCH AND TECH -
NICAL ASSISTANCE .—Of the amounts made available for grants under this section for each fiscal year after 2020, the Secretary may reserve not more than 1 percent to con-duct research and provide technical assist-ance to States. ‘‘(4) C
ONSULTATION AND PUBLIC COMMENT .— Not later than September 30, 2019, the Sec-retary shall— ‘‘(A) consult with the States and seek pub-lic comment in developing the allocation for-mula under paragraph (1) and the criteria for carrying out the reservations under para-graph (2); and ‘‘(B) make publicly available the alloca-tion formula and criteria developed pursuant to subclause (A). ‘‘(g) NOTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 90 days prior to making any changes to the allocation formula or the criteria devel-oped pursuant to subsection (f)(5)(A), the Secretary shall submit to Congress, includ-ing to the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate, a notification of any such change. ‘‘(h) S
UPPLEMENT NOTSUPPLANT .—Funds made available to carry out this section shall be used to supplement the level of Fed-eral, State, and local public funds that, in the absence of such availability, would be ex-pended to provide reemployment services and eligibility assessments to individuals re-ceiving unemployment compensation, and in no case to supplant such Federal, State, or local public funds. ‘‘(i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
AUSAL EVIDENCE RATING .—The terms ‘high causal evidence rating’ and ‘moderate causal evidence rating’ shall have the mean-ing given such terms by the Secretary of Labor. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE STATE .—The term ‘eligible State’ means a State that has in effect a State plan approved by the Secretary in ac-cordance with subsection (e). ‘‘(3) I
NTERVENTION .—The term ‘interven-tion’ means a service delivery strategy for the provision of State reemployment serv-ices and eligibility assessment activities under this section. ‘‘(4) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ has the meaning given the term in section 205 of the Federal-State Extended Unemployment Compensation Act of 1970 (26 U.S.C. 3304 note). ‘‘(5) U
NEMPLOYMENT COMPENSATION .—The term unemployment compensation means ‘regular compensation’, ‘extended compensa-tion’, and ‘additional compensation’ (as such terms are defined by section 205 of the Fed-eral-State Extended Unemployment Com-pensation Act of 1970 (26 U.S.C. 3304 note)).’’. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Labor shall submit to Congress a report to describe promising interventions used by States to provide reemployment as-sistance. (c) A
DJUSTMENT TO DISCRETIONARY SPEND -
INGLIMITS .—Section 251(b)(2) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(E) R
EEMPLOYMENT SERVICES AND ELIGI -
BILITY ASSESSMENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If a bill or joint resolu-tion making appropriations for a fiscal year is enacted that specifies an amount for grants to States under section 306 of the So-cial Security Act, then the adjustment for that fiscal year shall be the additional new budget authority provided in that Act for such grants for that fiscal year, but shall not exceed— ‘‘(I) for fiscal year 2018, $0; ‘‘(II) for fiscal year 2019, $33,000,000; ‘‘(III) for fiscal year 2020, $58,000,000; and ‘‘(IV) for fiscal year 2021, $83,000,000. ‘‘(ii) D
EFINITION .—As used in this subpara-graph, the term ‘additional new budget au-thority’ means the amount provided for a fis-cal year, in excess of $117,000,000, in an appro-priation Act and specified to pay for grants to States under section 306 of the Social Se-curity Act.’’. (d) O
THER BUDGETARY ADJUSTMENTS .—Sec- tion 314 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 645) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) A
DJUSTMENT FOR REEMPLOYMENT  S
ERVICES AND ELIGIBILITY ASSESSMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) ADJUSTMENTS .—If the Committee on Appropriations of either House reports an appropriation measure for any of fiscal years 2022 through 2027 that provides budget au-thority for grants under section 306 of the Social Security Act, or if a conference com-mittee submits a conference report thereon, the chairman of the Committee on the Budg-et of the House of Representatives or the Senate shall make the adjustments referred to in subparagraph (B) to reflect the addi-tional new budget authority provided for such grants in that measure or conference report and the outlays resulting therefrom, consistent with subparagraph (D). ‘‘(B) T
YPES OF ADJUSTMENTS .—The adjust-ments referred to in this subparagraph con-sist of adjustments to— ‘‘(i) the discretionary spending limits for that fiscal year as set forth in the most re-cently adopted concurrent resolution on the budget; ‘‘(ii) the allocations to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives for that fiscal year under section 302(a); and ‘‘(iii) the appropriate budget aggregates for that fiscal year in the most recently adopted concurrent resolution on the budget. ‘‘(C) E
NFORCEMENT .—The adjusted discre-tionary spending limits, allocations, and ag-gregates under this paragraph shall be con-sidered the appropriate limits, allocations, and aggregates for purposes of congressional enforcement of this Act and concurrent budget resolutions under this Act. ‘‘(D) L
IMITATION .—No adjustment may be made under this subsection in excess of— ‘‘(i) for fiscal year 2022, $133,000,000; ‘‘(ii) for fiscal year 2023, $258,000,000; ‘‘(iii) for fiscal year 2024, $433,000,000; ‘‘(iv) for fiscal year 2025, $533,000,000; ‘‘(v) for fiscal year 2026, $608,000,000; and ‘‘(vi) for fiscal year 2027, $633,000,000. ‘‘(E) D
EFINITION .—As used in this sub-section, the term ‘additional new budget au-thority’ means the amount provided for a fis-cal year, in excess of $117,000,000, in an appro-priation measure or conference report (as the case may be) and specified to pay for grants to States under section 306 of the Social Se-curity Act. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT ON 302(B) LEVEL .—Following any adjustment made under paragraph (1), the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives may report appropriately revised suballoca-tions pursuant to section 302(b) to carry out this subsection.’’. TITLE III—TEMPORARY EXTENSION OF PUBLIC DEBT LIMIT 
SEC. 30301. TEMPORARY EXTENSION OF PUBLIC DEBT LIMIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3101(b) of title 31, United States Code, shall not apply for the period beginning on the date of the enact-ment of this Act and ending on March 1, 2019. (b) S
PECIAL RULERELATING TO OBLIGATIONS  I
SSUED DURING EXTENSION PERIOD .—Effective on March 2, 2019, the limitation in effect under section 3101(b) of title 31, United States Code, shall be increased to the extent that— (1) the face amount of obligations issued under chapter 31 of such title and the face amount of obligations whose principal and interest are guaranteed by the United States Government (except guaranteed obligations held by the Secretary of the Treasury) out-standing on March 2, 2019, exceeds (2) the face amount of such obligations outstanding on the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) R
ESTORING CONGRESSIONAL AUTHORITY  O
VER THE NATIONAL DEBT.— (1) E
XTENSION LIMITED TO NECESSARY OBLI -
GATIONS .—An obligation shall not be taken 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S743 February 7, 2018 
into account under subsection (b)(1) unless the issuance of such obligation was nec-essary to fund a commitment incurred pur-suant to law by the Federal Government that required payment before March 2, 2019. (2) P
ROHIBITION ON CREATION OF CASH RE -
SERVE DURING EXTENSION PERIOD .—The Sec- retary of the Treasury shall not issue obliga-tions during the period specified in sub-section (a) for the purpose of increasing the cash balance above normal operating bal-ances in anticipation of the expiration of such period. TITLE IV—JOINT SELECT COMMITTEES Subtitle A—Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans 
SEC. 30421. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle— (1) the term ‘‘joint committee’’ means the Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Mul-tiemployer Pension Plans established under section 30422(a); and (2) the term ‘‘joint committee bill’’ means a bill consisting of the proposed legislative language of the joint committee rec-ommended in accordance with section 30422(b)(2)(B)(ii) and introduced under sec-tion 30424(a). 
SEC. 30422. ESTABLISHMENT OF JOINT SELECT COMMITTEE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF JOINT SELECT COM-
MITTEE .—There is established a joint select committee of Congress to be known as the ‘‘Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans’’. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION .— (1) G
OAL.—The goal of the joint committee is to improve the solvency of multiemployer pension plans and the Pension Benefit Guar-anty Corporation. (2) D
UTIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The joint committee shall provide recommendations and legisla-tive language that will significantly improve the solvency of multiemployer pension plans and the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corpora-tion. (B) R
EPORT , RECOMMENDATIONS , AND LEGIS -
LATIVE LANGUAGE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than November 30, 2018, the joint committee shall vote on— (I) a report that contains a detailed state-ment of the findings, conclusions, and rec-ommendations of the joint committee; and (II) proposed legislative language to carry out the recommendations described in sub-clause (I). (ii) A
PPROVAL OF REPORT AND LEGISLATIVE  
LANGUAGE .— (I) I
N GENERAL .—The report of the joint committee and the proposed legislative lan-guage described in clause (i) shall only be ap-proved upon receiving the votes of— (aa) a majority of joint committee mem-bers appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Majority Leader of the Senate; and (bb) a majority of joint committee mem-bers appointed by the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives and the Minority Leader of the Senate. (II) A
VAILABILITY .—The text of any report and proposed legislative language shall be publicly available in electronic form at least 24 hours prior to its consideration. (iii) A
DDITIONAL VIEWS .—A member of the joint committee who gives notice of an in-tention to file supplemental, minority, or ad-ditional views at the time of the final joint committee vote on the approval of the report and legislative language under clause (ii) shall be entitled to 2 calendar days after the day of such notice in which to file such views in writing with the co-chairs. Such views shall then be included in the joint com-mittee report and printed in the same vol-ume, or part thereof, and their inclusion shall be noted on the cover of the report. In the absence of timely notice, the joint com-mittee report may be printed and trans-mitted immediately without such views. (iv) TRANSMISSION OF REPORT AND LEGISLA -
TIVE LANGUAGE .—If the report and legislative language are approved by the joint com-mittee pursuant to clause (ii), the joint com-mittee shall submit the joint committee re-port and legislative language described in clause (i) to the President, the Vice Presi-dent, the Speaker of the House of Represent-atives, and the majority and minority lead-ers of each House of Congress not later than 15 calendar days after such approval. (v) R
EPORT AND LEGISLATIVE LANGUAGE TO  
BE MADE PUBLIC .—Upon the approval of the joint committee report and legislative lan-guage pursuant to clause (ii), the joint com-mittee shall promptly make the full report and legislative language, and a record of any vote, available to the public. (3) M
EMBERSHIP .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The joint committee shall be composed of 16 members appointed pursuant to subparagraph (B). (B) A
PPOINTMENT .—Members of the joint committee shall be appointed as follows: (i) The Speaker of the House of Represent-atives shall appoint 4 members from among Members of the House of Representatives. (ii) The Minority Leader of the House of Representatives shall appoint 4 members from among Members of the House of Rep-resentatives. (iii) The Majority Leader of the Senate shall appoint 4 members from among Mem-bers of the Senate. (iv) The Minority Leader of the Senate shall appoint 4 members from among Mem-bers of the Senate. (C) C
O-CHAIRS .—Two of the appointed mem-bers of the joint committee will serve as co- chairs. The Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Majority Leader of the Senate shall jointly appoint one co-chair, and the Minority Leader of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Minority Leader of the Senate shall jointly appoint the second co- chair. The co-chairs shall be appointed not later than 14 calendar days after the date of enactment of this Act. (D) D
ATE.—Members of the joint com-mittee shall be appointed not later than 14 calendar days after the date of enactment of this Act. (E) P
ERIOD OF APPOINTMENT .—Members shall be appointed for the life of the joint committee. Any vacancy in the joint com-mittee shall not affect its powers, but shall be filled not later than 14 calendar days after the date on which the vacancy occurs, in the same manner as the original appointment was made. If a member of the joint com-mittee ceases to be a Member of the House of Representatives or the Senate, as the case may be, the member is no longer a member of the joint committee and a vacancy shall exist. (4) A
DMINISTRATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—To enable the joint com-mittee to exercise its powers, functions, and duties under this subtitle, there are author-ized to be disbursed by the Senate the actual and necessary expenses of the joint com-mittee approved by the co-chairs, subject to the rules and regulations of the Senate. (B) E
XPENSES .—To enable the joint com-mittee to exercise its powers, functions, and duties under this subtitle, there are author-ized to be appropriated for each fiscal year such sums as may be necessary, to be dis-bursed by the Secretary of the Senate on vouchers signed by the co-chairs. (C) Q
UORUM .—Nine members of the joint committee shall constitute a quorum for purposes of voting and meeting, and 5 mem-bers of the joint committee shall constitute a quorum for holding hearings. (D) VOTING .—No proxy voting shall be al-lowed on behalf of the members of the joint committee. (E) M
EETINGS .— (i) I
NITIAL MEETING .—Not later than 30 cal-endar days after the date of enactment of this Act, the joint committee shall hold its first meeting. (ii) A
GENDA .—The co-chairs of the joint committee shall provide an agenda to the joint committee members not less than 48 hours in advance of any meeting. (F) H
EARINGS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The joint committee may, for the purpose of carrying out this section, hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, require attendance of witnesses and production of books, papers, and docu-ments, take such testimony, receive such evidence, and administer such oaths as the joint committee considers advisable. (ii) H
EARING PROCEDURES AND RESPONSIBIL -
ITIES OF CO -CHAIRS .— (I) A
NNOUNCEMENT .—The co-chairs of the joint committee shall make a public an-nouncement of the date, place, time, and subject matter of any hearing to be con-ducted, not less than 7 days in advance of such hearing, unless the co-chairs determine that there is good cause to begin such hear-ing at an earlier date. (II) E
QUAL REPRESENTATION OF WIT -
NESSES .—Each co-chair shall be entitled to select an equal number of witnesses for each hearing held by the joint committee. (III) W
RITTEN STATEMENT .—A witness ap-pearing before the joint committee shall file a written statement of proposed testimony at least 2 calendar days before the appear-ance of the witness, unless the requirement is waived by the co-chairs, following their determination that there is good cause for failure to comply with such requirement. (G) M
INIMUM NUMBER OF PUBLIC MEETINGS  
AND HEARINGS .—The joint committee shall hold— (i) not less than a total of 5 public meet-ings or public hearings; and (ii) not less than 3 public hearings, which may include field hearings. (H) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—Upon written request of the co-chairs, a Federal agency, including legislative branch agencies, shall provide technical assistance to the joint committee in order for the joint committee to carry out its duties. (I) S
TAFFING .— (i) D
ETAILS .—Employees of the legislative branch may be detailed to the joint com-mittee on a nonreimbursable basis. (ii) S
TAFF DIRECTOR .—The co-chairs, acting jointly, may designate one such employee as staff director of the joint committee. (c) E
THICAL STANDARDS .—Members on the joint committee who serve in the House of Representatives shall be governed by the ethics rules and requirements of the House. Members of the Senate who serve on the joint committee shall comply with the eth-ics rules of the Senate. (d) T
ERMINATION .—The joint committee shall terminate on December 31, 2018 or 30 days after submission of its report and legis-lative recommendations pursuant to this section whichever occurs first. 
SEC. 30423. FUNDING. 
To enable the joint committee to exercise its powers, functions, and duties under this subtitle, there are authorized to be paid not more than $500,000 from the appropriations account for ‘‘Expenses of Inquiries and Inves-tigations’’ of the Senate, such sums to be disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate, in accordance with Senate rules and proce-dures, upon vouchers signed by the co-chairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES744 February 7, 2018 
The funds authorized under this section shall be available during the period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on January 2, 2019. 
SEC. 30424. CONSIDERATION OF JOINT COM-MITTEE BILL IN THE SENATE. 
(a) I NTRODUCTION .—Upon receipt of pro-posed legislative language approved in ac-cordance with section 30422(b)(2)(B)(ii), the language shall be introduced in the Senate (by request) on the next day on which the Senate is in session by the Majority Leader of the Senate or by a Member of the Senate designated by the Majority Leader of the Senate. (b) C
OMMITTEE CONSIDERATION .—A joint committee bill introduced in the Senate under subsection (a) shall be jointly referred to the Committee on Finance and the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, which committees shall report the bill without any revision and with a favor-able recommendation, an unfavorable rec-ommendation, or without recommendation, no later than 7 session days after introduc-tion of the bill. If either committee fails to report the bill within that period, that com-mittee shall be automatically discharged from consideration of the bill, and the bill shall be placed on the appropriate calendar. (c) M
OTION TO PROCEED TO CONSIDER -
ATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, it is in order, not later than 2 days of session after the date on which a joint committee bill is reported or discharged from the Com-mittee on Finance and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, for the Majority Leader of the Senate or the Ma-jority Leader’s designee to move to proceed to the consideration of the joint committee bill. It shall also be in order for any Member of the Senate to move to proceed to the con-sideration of the joint committee bill at any time after the conclusion of such 2-day pe-riod. (2) C
ONSIDERATION OF MOTION .—Consider- ation of the motion to proceed to the consid-eration of the joint committee bill and all debatable motions and appeals in connection therewith shall not exceed 10 hours, which shall be divided equally between the Major-ity and Minority Leaders or their designees. A motion to further limit debate is in order, shall require an affirmative vote of three- fifths of Members duly chosen and sworn, and is not debatable. (3) V
OTE THRESHOLD .—The motion to pro-ceed to the consideration of the joint com-mittee bill shall only be agreed to upon an affirmative vote of three-fifths of Members duly chosen and sworn. (4) L
IMITATIONS .—The motion is not sub-ject to a motion to postpone. All points of order against the motion to proceed to the joint committee bill are waived. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or disagreed to shall not be in order. (5) D
EADLINE .—Not later than the last day of the 115th Congress, the Senate shall vote on a motion to proceed to the joint com-mittee bill. (6) C
OMPANION MEASURES .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘joint committee bill’’ includes a bill of the House of Rep-resentatives that is a companion measure to the joint committee bill introduced in the Senate. (d) R
ULES OF SENATE .—This section is en-acted by Congress— (1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate, and as such is deemed a part of the rules of the Senate, but applicable only with respect to the procedure to be fol-lowed in the Senate in the case of a joint committee bill, and supersede other rules only to the extent that they are inconsistent with such rules; and (2) with full recognition of the constitu-tional right of the Senate to change the rules (so far as relating to the procedure of the Senate) at any time, in the same man-ner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of the Senate. Subtitle B—Joint Select Committee on Budget and Appropriations Process Reform SEC. 30441. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle— (1) the term ‘‘joint committee’’ means the Joint Select Committee on Budget and Ap-propriations Process Reform established under section 30442(a); and (2) the term ‘‘joint committee bill’’ means a bill consisting of the proposed legislative language of the joint committee rec-ommended in accordance with section 30442(b)(2)(B)(ii) and introduced under sec-tion 30444(a). 
SEC. 30442. ESTABLISHMENT OF JOINT SELECT COMMITTEE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF JOINT SELECT COM-
MITTEE .—There is established a joint select committee of Congress to be known as the ‘‘Joint Select Committee on Budget and Ap-propriations Process Reform’’. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION .— (1) G
OAL.—The goal of the joint committee is to reform the budget and appropriations process. (2) D
UTIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The joint committee shall provide recommendations and legisla-tive language that will significantly reform the budget and appropriations process. (B) R
EPORT , RECOMMENDATIONS , AND LEGIS -
LATIVE LANGUAGE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than November 30, 2018, the joint committee shall vote on— (I) a report that contains a detailed state-ment of the findings, conclusions, and rec-ommendations of the joint committee; and (II) proposed legislative language to carry out the recommendations described in sub-clause (I). (ii) A
PPROVAL OF REPORT AND LEGISLATIVE  
LANGUAGE .— (I) I
N GENERAL .—The report of the joint committee and the proposed legislative lan-guage described in clause (i) shall only be ap-proved upon receiving the votes of— (aa) a majority of joint committee mem-bers appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Majority Leader of the Senate; and (bb) a majority of joint committee mem-bers appointed by the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives and the Minority Leader of the Senate. (II) A
VAILABILITY .—The text of any report and proposed legislative language shall be publicly available in electronic form at least 24 hours prior to its consideration. (iii) A
DDITIONAL VIEWS .—A member of the joint committee who gives notice of an in-tention to file supplemental, minority, or ad-ditional views at the time of the final joint committee vote on the approval of the report and legislative language under clause (ii) shall be entitled to 2 calendar days after the day of such notice in which to file such views in writing with the co-chairs. Such views shall then be included in the joint com-mittee report and printed in the same vol-ume, or part thereof, and their inclusion shall be noted on the cover of the report. In the absence of timely notice, the joint com-mittee report may be printed and trans-mitted immediately without such views. (iv) T
RANSMISSION OF REPORT AND LEGISLA -
TIVE LANGUAGE .—If the report and legislative language are approved by the joint com-mittee pursuant to clause (ii), the joint com-mittee shall submit the joint committee re-port and legislative language described in clause (i) to the President, the Vice Presi-dent, the Speaker of the House of Represent-atives, and the majority and minority lead-ers of each House of Congress not later than 15 calendar days after such approval. (v) REPORT AND LEGISLATIVE LANGUAGE TO  
BE MADE PUBLIC .—Upon the approval of the joint committee report and legislative lan-guage pursuant to clause (ii), the joint com-mittee shall promptly make the full report and legislative language, and a record of any vote, available to the public. (3) M
EMBERSHIP .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The joint committee shall be composed of 16 members appointed pursuant to subparagraph (B). (B) A
PPOINTMENT .—Members of the joint committee shall be appointed as follows: (i) The Speaker of the House of Represent-atives shall appoint 4 members from among Members of the House of Representatives. (ii) The Minority Leader of the House of Representatives shall appoint 4 members from among Members of the House of Rep-resentatives. (iii) The Majority Leader of the Senate shall appoint 4 members from among Mem-bers of the Senate. (iv) The Minority Leader of the Senate shall appoint 4 members from among Mem-bers of the Senate. (C) C
O-CHAIRS .—Two of the appointed mem-bers of the joint committee will serve as co- chairs. The Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Majority Leader of the Senate shall jointly appoint one co-chair, and the Minority Leader of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Minority Leader of the Senate shall jointly appoint the second co- chair. The co-chairs shall be appointed not later than 14 calendar days after the date of enactment of this Act. (D) D
ATE.—Members of the joint com-mittee shall be appointed not later than 14 calendar days after the date of enactment of this Act. (E) P
ERIOD OF APPOINTMENT .—Members shall be appointed for the life of the joint committee. Any vacancy in the joint com-mittee shall not affect its powers, but shall be filled not later than 14 calendar days after the date on which the vacancy occurs, in the same manner as the original appointment was made. If a member of the joint com-mittee ceases to be a Member of the House of Representatives or the Senate, as the case may be, the member is no longer a member of the joint committee and a vacancy shall exist. (4) A
DMINISTRATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—To enable the joint com-mittee to exercise its powers, functions, and duties under this subtitle, there are author-ized to be disbursed by the Senate the actual and necessary expenses of the joint com-mittee approved by the co-chairs, subject to the rules and regulations of the Senate. (B) E
XPENSES .—To enable the joint com-mittee to exercise its powers, functions, and duties under this subtitle, there are author-ized to be appropriated for each fiscal year such sums as may be necessary, to be dis-bursed by the Secretary of the Senate on vouchers signed by the co-chairs. (C) Q
UORUM .—Nine members of the joint committee shall constitute a quorum for purposes of voting and meeting, and 5 mem-bers of the joint committee shall constitute a quorum for holding hearings. (D) V
OTING .—No proxy voting shall be al-lowed on behalf of the members of the joint committee. (E) M
EETINGS .— (i) I
NITIAL MEETING .—Not later than 30 cal-endar days after the date of enactment of this Act, the joint committee shall hold its first meeting. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S745 February 7, 2018 
(ii) A GENDA .—The co-chairs of the joint committee shall provide an agenda to the joint committee members not less than 48 hours in advance of any meeting. (F) H
EARINGS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The joint committee may, for the purpose of carrying out this section, hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, require attendance of witnesses and production of books, papers, and docu-ments, take such testimony, receive such evidence, and administer such oaths as the joint committee considers advisable. (ii) H
EARING PROCEDURES AND RESPONSIBIL -
ITIES OF CO -CHAIRS .— (I) A
NNOUNCEMENT .—The co-chairs of the joint committee shall make a public an-nouncement of the date, place, time, and subject matter of any hearing to be con-ducted, not less than 7 days in advance of such hearing, unless the co-chairs determine that there is good cause to begin such hear-ing at an earlier date. (II) E
QUAL REPRESENTATION OF WIT -
NESSES .—Each co-chair shall be entitled to select an equal number of witnesses for each hearing held by the joint committee. (III) W
RITTEN STATEMENT .—A witness ap-pearing before the joint committee shall file a written statement of proposed testimony at least 2 calendar days before the appear-ance of the witness, unless the requirement is waived by the co-chairs, following their determination that there is good cause for failure to comply with such requirement. (G) M
INIMUM NUMBER OF PUBLIC MEETINGS  
AND HEARINGS .—The joint committee shall hold— (i) not less than a total of 5 public meet-ings or public hearings; and (ii) not less than 3 public hearings, which may include field hearings. (H) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—Upon written request of the co-chairs, a Federal agency, including legislative branch agencies, shall provide technical assistance to the joint committee in order for the joint committee to carry out its duties. (I) S
TAFFING .— (i) D
ETAILS .—Employees of the legislative branch may be detailed to the joint com-mittee on a nonreimbursable basis. (ii) S
TAFF DIRECTOR .—The co-chairs, acting jointly, may designate one such employee as staff director of the joint committee. (c) E
THICAL STANDARDS .—Members on the joint committee who serve in the House of Representatives shall be governed by the ethics rules and requirements of the House. Members of the Senate who serve on the joint committee shall comply with the eth-ics rules of the Senate. (d) T
ERMINATION .—The joint committee shall terminate on December 31, 2018 or 30 days after submission of its report and legis-lative recommendations pursuant to this section whichever occurs first. 
SEC. 30443. FUNDING. 
To enable the joint committee to exercise its powers, functions, and duties under this subtitle, there are authorized to be paid not more than $500,000 from the appropriations account for ‘‘Expenses of Inquiries and Inves-tigations’’ of the Senate, such sums to be disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate, in accordance with Senate rules and proce-dures, upon vouchers signed by the co-chairs. The funds authorized under this section shall be available during the period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on January 2, 2019. 
SEC. 30444. CONSIDERATION OF JOINT COM-MITTEE BILL IN THE SENATE. 
(a) I NTRODUCTION .—Upon receipt of pro-posed legislative language approved in ac-cordance with section 30442(b)(2)(B)(ii), the language shall be introduced in the Senate (by request) on the next day on which the Senate is in session by the Majority Leader of the Senate or by a Member of the Senate designated by the Majority Leader of the Senate. (b) COMMITTEE CONSIDERATION .—A joint committee bill introduced in the Senate under subsection (a) shall be referred to the Committee on the Budget, which shall report the bill without any revision and with a fa-vorable recommendation, an unfavorable recommendation, or without recommenda-tion, no later than 7 session days after intro-duction of the bill. If the Committee on the Budget fails to report the bill within that pe-riod, the committee shall be automatically discharged from consideration of the bill, and the bill shall be placed on the appro-priate calendar. (c) M
OTION TO PROCEED TO CONSIDER -
ATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, it is in order, not later than 2 days of session after the date on which a joint committee bill is reported or discharged from the Com-mittee on the Budget, for the Majority Lead-er of the Senate or the Majority Leader’s designee to move to proceed to the consider-ation of the joint committee bill. It shall also be in order for any Member of the Sen-ate to move to proceed to the consideration of the joint committee bill at any time after the conclusion of such 2-day period. (2) C
ONSIDERATION OF MOTION .—Consider- ation of the motion to proceed to the consid-eration of the joint committee bill and all debatable motions and appeals in connection therewith shall not exceed 10 hours, which shall be divided equally between the Major-ity and Minority Leaders or their designees. A motion to further limit debate is in order, shall require an affirmative vote of three- fifths of Members duly chosen and sworn, and is not debatable. (3) V
OTE THRESHOLD .—The motion to pro-ceed to the consideration of the joint com-mittee bill shall only be agreed to upon an affirmative vote of three-fifths of Members duly chosen and sworn. (4) L
IMITATIONS .—The motion is not sub-ject to a motion to postpone. All points of order against the motion to proceed to the joint committee bill are waived. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or disagreed to shall not be in order. (5) D
EADLINE .—Not later than the last day of the 115th Congress, the Senate shall vote on a motion to proceed to the joint com-mittee bill. (d) R
ULES OF SENATE .—This section is en-acted by Congress— (1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate, and as such is deemed a part of the rules of the Senate, but applicable only with respect to the procedure to be fol-lowed in the Senate in the case of a joint committee bill, and supersede other rules only to the extent that they are inconsistent with such rules; and (2) with full recognition of the constitu-tional right of the Senate to change the rules (so far as relating to the procedure of the Senate) at any time, in the same man-ner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of the Senate. DIVISION D—REVENUE MEASURES 
SEC. 40001. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this division is as follows: DIVISION D—REVENUE MEASURES Sec. 40001. Table of contents. TITLE I—EXTENSION OF EXPIRING PROVISIONS Sec. 40101. Amendment of Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Subtitle A—Tax Relief for Families and Individuals Sec. 40201. Extension of exclusion from gross income of discharge of qualified principal residence indebted-ness. Sec. 40202. Extension of mortgage insurance premiums treated as qualified residence interest. Sec. 40203. Extension of above-the-line de-duction for qualified tuition and related expenses. Subtitle B—Incentives for Growth, Jobs, Investment, and Innovation Sec. 40301. Extension of Indian employment tax credit. Sec. 40302. Extension of railroad track main-tenance credit. Sec. 40303. Extension of mine rescue team training credit. Sec. 40304. Extension of classification of cer-tain race horses as 3-year prop-erty. Sec. 40305. Extension of 7-year recovery pe-riod for motorsports entertain-ment complexes. Sec. 40306. Extension of accelerated depre-ciation for business property on an Indian reservation. Sec. 40307. Extension of election to expense mine safety equipment. Sec. 40308. Extension of special expensing rules for certain productions. Sec. 40309. Extension of deduction allowable with respect to income attrib-utable to domestic production activities in Puerto Rico. Sec. 40310. Extension of special rule relating to qualified timber gain. Sec. 40311. Extension of empowerment zone tax incentives. Sec. 40312. Extension of American Samoa economic development credit. Subtitle C—Incentives for Energy Production and Conservation Sec. 40401. Extension of credit for nonbusi-ness energy property. Sec. 40402. Extension and modification of credit for residential energy property. Sec. 40403. Extension of credit for new quali-fied fuel cell motor vehicles. Sec. 40404. Extension of credit for alter-native fuel vehicle refueling property. Sec. 40405. Extension of credit for 2-wheeled plug-in electric vehicles. Sec. 40406. Extension of second generation biofuel producer credit. Sec. 40407. Extension of biodiesel and renew-able diesel incentives. Sec. 40408. Extension of production credit for Indian coal facilities. Sec. 40409. Extension of credits with respect to facilities producing energy from certain renewable re-sources. Sec. 40410. Extension of credit for energy-ef-ficient new homes. Sec. 40411. Extension and phaseout of energy credit. Sec. 40412. Extension of special allowance for second generation biofuel plant property. Sec. 40413. Extension of energy efficient commercial buildings deduc-tion. Sec. 40414. Extension of special rule for sales or dispositions to implement FERC or State electric restruc-turing policy for qualified elec-tric utilities. Sec. 40415. Extension of excise tax credits re-lating to alternative fuels. Sec. 40416. Extension of Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund financing rate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES746 February 7, 2018 
Subtitle D—Modifications of Energy Incentives Sec. 40501. Modifications of credit for pro-duction from advanced nuclear power facilities. TITLE II—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS Sec. 41101. Amendment of Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Sec. 41102. Modifications to rum cover over. Sec. 41103. Extension of waiver of limita-tions with respect to excluding from gross income amounts re-ceived by wrongfully incarcer-ated individuals. Sec. 41104. Individuals held harmless on im-proper levy on retirement plans. Sec. 41105. Modification of user fee require-ments for installment agree-ments. Sec. 41106. Form 1040SR for seniors. Sec. 41107. Attorneys fees relating to awards to whistleblowers. Sec. 41108. Clarification of whistleblower awards. Sec. 41109. Clarification regarding excise tax based on investment income of private colleges and univer-sities. Sec. 41110. Exception from private founda-tion excess business holding tax for independently-operated philanthropic business hold-ings. Sec. 41111. Rule of construction for Craft Beverage Modernization and Tax Reform. Sec. 41112. Simplification of rules regarding records, statements, and re-turns. Sec. 41113. Modification of rules governing hardship distributions. Sec. 41114. Modification of rules relating to hardship withdrawals from cash or deferred arrangements. Sec. 41115. Opportunity Zones rule for Puer-to Rico. Sec. 41116. Tax home of certain citizens or residents of the United States living abroad. Sec. 41117. Treatment of foreign persons for returns relating to payments made in settlement of payment card and third party network transactions. Sec. 41118. Repeal of shift in time of pay-ment of corporate estimated taxes. Sec. 41119. Enhancement of carbon dioxide sequestration credit. TITLE I—EXTENSION OF EXPIRING PROVISIONS 
SEC. 40101. AMENDMENT OF INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this title an amendment or re-peal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986. Subtitle A—Tax Relief for Families and Individuals 
SEC. 40201. EXTENSION OF EXCLUSION FROM GROSS INCOME OF DISCHARGE OF QUALIFIED PRINCIPAL RESIDENCE INDEBTEDNESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 108(a)(1)(E) is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2018’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to dis-charges of indebtedness after December 31, 2016. SEC. 40202. EXTENSION OF MORTGAGE INSUR-ANCE PREMIUMS TREATED AS QUALIFIED RESIDENCE INTEREST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subclause (I) of section 163(h)(3)(E)(iv) is amended by striking ‘‘De-cember 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or accrued after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40203. EXTENSION OF ABOVE-THE-LINE DE-DUCTION FOR QUALIFIED TUITION AND RELATED EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 222(e) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and insert-ing ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. Subtitle B—Incentives for Growth, Jobs, Investment, and Innovation 
SEC. 40301. EXTENSION OF INDIAN EMPLOYMENT TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 45A(f) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and insert-ing ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40302. EXTENSION OF RAILROAD TRACK MAINTENANCE CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 45G(f) is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2018’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendment made by this section shall apply to expenditures paid or incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. (2) S
AFE HARBOR ASSIGNMENTS .—Assign- ments, including related expenditures paid or incurred, under paragraph (2) of section 45G(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 for taxable years ending after January 1, 2017, and before January 1, 2018, shall be treated as effective as of the close of such taxable year if made pursuant to a written agreement entered into no later than 90 days following the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 40303. EXTENSION OF MINE RESCUE TEAM TRAINING CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 45N(e) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and insert-ing ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40304. EXTENSION OF CLASSIFICATION OF CERTAIN RACE HORSES AS 3-YEAR PROPERTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 168(e)(3)(A)(i) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ in sub-clause (I) and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2018’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ in sub-clause (II) and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40305. EXTENSION OF 7-YEAR RECOVERY PE-RIOD FOR MOTORSPORTS ENTER-TAINMENT COMPLEXES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 168(i)(15)(D) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40306. EXTENSION OF ACCELERATED DE-PRECIATION FOR BUSINESS PROP-ERTY ON AN INDIAN RESERVATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 168(j)(9) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and in-serting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2016. SEC. 40307. EXTENSION OF ELECTION TO EX-PENSE MINE SAFETY EQUIPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 179E(g) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and in-serting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40308. EXTENSION OF SPECIAL EXPENSING RULES FOR CERTAIN PRODUCTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 181(g) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and insert-ing ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to produc-tions commencing after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40309. EXTENSION OF DEDUCTION ALLOW-ABLE WITH RESPECT TO INCOME AT-TRIBUTABLE TO DOMESTIC PRO-DUCTION ACTIVITIES IN PUERTO RICO. 
For purposes of applying section 199(d)(8)(C) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 with respect to taxable years beginning during 2017, such section shall be applied— (1) by substituting ‘‘first 12 taxable years’’ for ‘‘first 11 taxable years’’, and (2) by substituting ‘‘January 1, 2018’’ for ‘‘January 1, 2017’’. 
SEC. 40310. EXTENSION OF SPECIAL RULE RELAT-ING TO QUALIFIED TIMBER GAIN. 
For purposes of applying section 1201(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 with re-spect to taxable years beginning during 2017, such section shall be applied by substituting ‘‘2016 or 2017’’ for ‘‘2016’’. 
SEC. 40311. EXTENSION OF EMPOWERMENT ZONE TAX INCENTIVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) E
XTENSION .—Section 1391(d)(1)(A)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (2) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN TERMINATION  
DATES SPECIFIED IN NOMINATIONS .—In the case of a designation of an empowerment zone the nomination for which included a termination date which is contemporaneous with the date specified in subparagraph (A)(i) of section 1391(d)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as in effect before the enactment of this Act), subparagraph (B) of such section shall not apply with respect to such designation if, after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, the entity which made such nomination amends the nomination to provide for a new termination date in such manner as the Sec-retary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s designee) may provide. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a)(1) shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40312. EXTENSION OF AMERICAN SAMOA ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 119 of division A of the Tax Relief and Health Care Act of 2006 is amended— (1) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2018’’, (B) by striking ‘‘first 11 taxable years’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘first 12 taxable years’’, and (C) by striking ‘‘first 5 taxable years’’ in paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘first 6 taxable years’’, and (2) in subsection (e), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘References in this subsection to section 199 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall be treated as references to such section as in effect before its repeal.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S747 February 7, 2018 
Subtitle C—Incentives for Energy Production and Conservation 
SEC. 40401. EXTENSION OF CREDIT FOR NON-BUSINESS ENERGY PROPERTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 25C(g)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40402. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF CREDIT FOR RESIDENTIAL ENERGY PROPERTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 25D(h) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2021.’’. (b) P
HASEOUT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 25D(a) is amended by striking ‘‘the sum of—’’ and all that fol-lows and inserting ‘‘the sum of the applica-ble percentages of— ‘‘(1) the qualified solar electric property expenditures, ‘‘(2) the qualified solar water heating prop-erty expenditures, ‘‘(3) the qualified fuel cell property expend-itures, ‘‘(4) the qualified small wind energy prop-erty expenditures, and ‘‘(5) the qualified geothermal heat pump property expenditures, made by the taxpayer during such year.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 25D(g) is amended by striking ‘‘paragraphs (1) and (2) of’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40403. EXTENSION OF CREDIT FOR NEW QUALIFIED FUEL CELL MOTOR VE-HICLES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 30B(k)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to property purchased after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40404. EXTENSION OF CREDIT FOR ALTER-NATIVE FUEL VEHICLE REFUELING PROPERTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 30C(g) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and insert-ing ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40405. EXTENSION OF CREDIT FOR 2- WHEELED PLUG-IN ELECTRIC VEHI-CLES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 30D(g)(3)(E)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2018’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to vehicles acquired after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40406. EXTENSION OF SECOND GENERATION BIOFUEL PRODUCER CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 40(b)(6)(J)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2018’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to qualified second generation biofuel production after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40407. EXTENSION OF BIODIESEL AND RE-NEWABLE DIESEL INCENTIVES. 
(a) I NCOME TAXCREDIT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (g) of section 40A is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply to fuel sold or used after December 31, 2016. (b) E
XCISE TAXINCENTIVES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 6426(c)(6) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (2) PAYMENTS .—Section 6427(e)(6)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to fuel sold or used after December 31, 2016. (4) S
PECIAL RULE FOR 2017 .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, in the case of any biodiesel mixture credit properly determined under section 6426(c) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 for the period be-ginning on January 1, 2017, and ending on De-cember 31, 2017, such credit shall be allowed, and any refund or payment attributable to such credit (including any payment under section 6427(e) of such Code) shall be made, only in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall provide. Such Secretary shall issue guidance within 30 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act providing for a one-time submission of claims covering periods de-scribed in the preceding sentence. Such guid-ance shall provide for a 180-day period for the submission of such claims (in such manner as prescribed by such Secretary) to begin not later than 30 days after such guidance is issued. Such claims shall be paid by such Secretary not later than 60 days after re-ceipt. If such Secretary has not paid pursu-ant to a claim filed under this subsection within 60 days after the date of the filing of such claim, the claim shall be paid with in-terest from such date determined by using the overpayment rate and method under sec-tion 6621 of such Code. 
SEC. 40408. EXTENSION OF PRODUCTION CREDIT FOR INDIAN COAL FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 45(e)(10)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘11-year period’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘12-year pe-riod’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to coal pro-duced after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40409. EXTENSION OF CREDITS WITH RE-SPECT TO FACILITIES PRODUCING ENERGY FROM CERTAIN RENEW-ABLE RESOURCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The following provisions of section 45(d) are each amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2018’’: (1) Paragraph (2)(A). (2) Paragraph (3)(A). (3) Paragraph (4)(B). (4) Paragraph (6). (5) Paragraph (7). (6) Paragraph (9). (7) Paragraph (11)(B). (b) E
XTENSION OF ELECTION TOTREAT  Q
UALIFIED FACILITIES AS ENERGY PROP-
ERTY .—Section 48(a)(5)(C)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2018’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2017. 
SEC. 40410. EXTENSION OF CREDIT FOR ENERGY- EFFICIENT NEW HOMES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 45L(g) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and insert-ing ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to homes acquired after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40411. EXTENSION AND PHASEOUT OF EN-ERGY CREDIT. 
(a) E XTENSION OF SOLAR AND THERMAL EN-
ERGY PROPERTY .—Section 48(a)(3)(A) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘periods ending before Jan-uary 1, 2017’’ in clause (ii) and inserting ‘‘property the construction of which begins before January 1, 2022’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘periods ending before Jan-uary 1, 2017’’ in clause (vii) and inserting ‘‘property the construction of which begins before January 1, 2022’’. (b) PHASEOUT OF 30-P ERCENT CREDIT RATE 
FOR FIBER-OPTIC SOLAR , Q UALIFIED FUEL C
ELL, AND QUALIFIED SMALL WINDENERGY  P
ROPERTY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 48(a) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(7) P
HASEOUT FOR FIBER -OPTIC SOLAR , 
QUALIFIED FUEL CELL , AND QUALIFIED SMALL  
WIND ENERGY PROPERTY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), in the case of any qualified fuel cell property, qualified small wind property, or energy property described in paragraph (3)(A)(ii), the energy percentage determined under paragraph (2) shall be equal to— ‘‘(i) in the case of any property the con-struction of which begins after December 31, 2019, and before January 1, 2021, 26 percent, and ‘‘(ii) in the case of any property the con-struction of which begins after December 31, 2020, and before January 1, 2022, 22 percent. ‘‘(B) P
LACED IN SERVICE DEADLINE .—In the case of any energy property described in sub-paragraph (A) which is not placed in service before January 1, 2024, the energy percentage determined under paragraph (2) shall be equal to 0 percent.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 48(a)(2)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘para-graph (6)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (6) and (7)’’. (3) C
LARIFICATION RELATING TO PHASEOUT  
FOR WIND FACILITIES .—Section 48(a)(5)(E) is amended by inserting ‘‘which is treated as energy property by reason of this paragraph’’ after ‘‘using wind to produce electricity’’. (c) E
XTENSION OF QUALIFIED FUEL CELL P
ROPERTY .—Section 48(c)(1)(D) is amended by striking ‘‘for any period after December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘the construction of which does not begin before January 1, 2022’’. (d) E
XTENSION OF QUALIFIED MICROTURBINE  P
ROPERTY .—Section 48(c)(2)(D) is amended by striking ‘‘for any period after December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘the construction of which does not begin before January 1, 2022’’. (e) E
XTENSION OF COMBINED HEAT AND  P
OWER SYSTEM PROPERTY .—Section 48(c)(3)(A)(iv) is amended by striking ‘‘which is placed in service before January 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘the construction of which be-gins before January 1, 2022’’. (f) E
XTENSION OF QUALIFIED SMALL WIND E
NERGY PROPERTY .—Section 48(c)(4)(C) is amended by striking ‘‘for any period after December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘the con-struction of which does not begin before Jan-uary 1, 2022’’. (g) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply to periods after December 31, 2016, under rules similar to the rules of section 48(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Rev-enue Reconciliation Act of 1990). (2) E
XTENSION OF COMBINED HEAT AND POWER  
SYSTEM PROPERTY .—The amendment made by subsection (e) shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2016. (3) P
HASEOUTS AND TERMINATIONS .—The amendments made by subsection (b) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 40412. EXTENSION OF SPECIAL ALLOWANCE FOR SECOND GENERATION BIOFUEL PLANT PROPERTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 168(l)(2)(D) is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2018’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES748 February 7, 2018 
SEC. 40413. EXTENSION OF ENERGY EFFICIENT COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS DEDUC-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 179D(h) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and in-serting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40414. EXTENSION OF SPECIAL RULE FOR SALES OR DISPOSITIONS TO IMPLE-MENT FERC OR STATE ELECTRIC RE-STRUCTURING POLICY FOR QUALI-FIED ELECTRIC UTILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 451(k)(3), as amended by section 13221 of Public Law 115- 97, is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2018’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to disposi-tions after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40415. EXTENSION OF EXCISE TAX CREDITS RELATING TO ALTERNATIVE FUELS. 
(a) E XTENSION OF ALTERNATIVE FUELS EX-
CISETAXCREDITS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Sections 6426(d)(5) and 6426(e)(3) are each amended by striking ‘‘De-cember 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (2) O
UTLAY PAYMENTS FOR ALTERNATIVE  
FUELS .—Section 6427(e)(6)(C) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to fuel sold or used after December 31, 2016. (b) S
PECIAL RULE FOR 2017.—Notwith-standing any other provision of law, in the case of any alternative fuel credit properly determined under section 6426(d) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 for the period be-ginning on January 1, 2017, and ending on De-cember 31, 2017, such credit shall be allowed, and any refund or payment attributable to such credit (including any payment under section 6427(e) of such Code) shall be made, only in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall provide. Such Secretary shall issue guidance within 30 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act providing for a one-time submission of claims covering periods de-scribed in the preceding sentence. Such guid-ance shall provide for a 180-day period for the submission of such claims (in such manner as prescribed by such Secretary) to begin not later than 30 days after such guidance is issued. Such claims shall be paid by such Secretary not later than 60 days after re-ceipt. If such Secretary has not paid pursu-ant to a claim filed under this subsection within 60 days after the date of the filing of such claim, the claim shall be paid with in-terest from such date determined by using the overpayment rate and method under sec-tion 6621 of such Code. 
SEC. 40416. EXTENSION OF OIL SPILL LIABILITY TRUST FUND FINANCING RATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4611(f)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2018’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply on and after the first day of the first calendar month be-ginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle D—Modifications of Energy Incentives 
SEC. 40501. MODIFICATIONS OF CREDIT FOR PRO-DUCTION FROM ADVANCED NU-CLEAR POWER FACILITIES. 
(a) T REATMENT OF UNUTILIZED LIMITATION  A
MOUNTS .—Section 45J(b) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘or any amendment to’’ after ‘‘enactment of’’ in paragraph (4), and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) A
LLOCATION OF UNUTILIZED LIMITA -
TION.— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Any unutilized national megawatt capacity limitation shall be allo-cated by the Secretary under paragraph (3) as rapidly as is practicable after December 31, 2020— ‘‘(i) first to facilities placed in service on or before such date to the extent that such facilities did not receive an allocation equal to their full nameplate capacity, and ‘‘(ii) then to facilities placed in service after such date in the order in which such fa-cilities are placed in service. ‘‘(B) U
NUTILIZED NATIONAL MEGAWATT CA -
PACITY LIMITATION .—The term ‘unutilized na-tional megawatt capacity limitation’ means the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) 6,000 megawatts, over ‘‘(ii) the aggregate amount of national megawatt capacity limitation allocated by the Secretary before January 1, 2021, reduced by any amount of such limitation which was allocated to a facility which was not placed in service before such date. ‘‘(C) C
OORDINATION WITH OTHER PROVI -
SIONS .—In the case of any unutilized national megawatt capacity limitation allocated by the Secretary pursuant to this paragraph— ‘‘(i) such allocation shall be treated for purposes of this section in the same manner as an allocation of national megawatt capac-ity limitation, and ‘‘(ii) subsection (d)(1)(B) shall not apply to any facility which receives such alloca-tion.’’. (b) T
RANSFER OF CREDIT BY CERTAIN PUBLIC  E
NTITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 45J is amended— (A) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (f), and (B) by inserting after subsection (d) the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) T
RANSFER OF CREDIT BY CERTAIN PUB-
LICENTITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If, with respect to a cred-it under subsection (a) for any taxable year— ‘‘(A) a qualified public entity would be the taxpayer (but for this paragraph), and ‘‘(B) such entity elects the application of this paragraph for such taxable year with re-spect to all (or any portion specified in such election) of such credit, the eligible project partner specified in such election, and not the qualified public entity, shall be treated as the taxpayer for purposes of this title with respect to such credit (or such portion thereof). ‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section— ‘‘(A) Q
UALIFIED PUBLIC ENTITY .—The term ‘qualified public entity’ means— ‘‘(i) a Federal, State, or local government entity, or any political subdivision, agency, or instrumentality thereof, ‘‘(ii) a mutual or cooperative electric com-pany described in section 501(c)(12) or 1381(a)(2), or ‘‘(iii) a not-for-profit electric utility which had or has received a loan or loan guarantee under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936. ‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE PROJECT PARTNER .—The term ‘eligible project partner’ means any person who— ‘‘(i) is responsible for, or participates in, the design or construction of the advanced nuclear power facility to which the credit under subsection (a) relates, ‘‘(ii) participates in the provision of the nuclear steam supply system to such facil-ity, ‘‘(iii) participates in the provision of nu-clear fuel to such facility, ‘‘(iv) is a financial institution providing fi-nancing for the construction or operation of such facility, or ‘‘(v) has an ownership interest in such fa-cility. ‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULES .— ‘‘(A) APPLICATION TO PARTNERSHIPS .—In the case of a credit under subsection (a) which is determined at the partnership level— ‘‘(i) for purposes of paragraph (1)(A), a qualified public entity shall be treated as the taxpayer with respect to such entity’s dis-tributive share of such credit, and ‘‘(ii) the term ‘eligible project partner’ shall include any partner of the partnership. ‘‘(B) T
AXABLE YEAR IN WHICH CREDIT TAKEN  
INTO ACCOUNT .—In the case of any credit (or portion thereof) with respect to which an election is made under paragraph (1), such credit shall be taken into account in the first taxable year of the eligible project part-ner ending with, or after, the qualified public entity’s taxable year with respect to which the credit was determined. ‘‘(C) T
REATMENT OF TRANSFER UNDER PRI -
VATE USE RULES .—For purposes of section 141(b)(1), any benefit derived by an eligible project partner in connection with an elec-tion under this subsection shall not be taken into account as a private business use.’’. (2) S
PECIAL RULE FOR PROCEEDS OF TRANS -
FERS FOR MUTUAL OR COOPERATIVE ELECTRIC  
COMPANIES .—Section 501(c)(12) is amended by adding at the end the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(I) In the case of a mutual or cooperative electric company described in this paragraph or an organization described in section 1381(a)(2), income received or accrued in con-nection with an election under section 45J(e)(1) shall be treated as an amount col-lected from members for the sole purpose of meeting losses and expenses.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATES .— (1) T
REATMENT OF UNUTILIZED LIMITATION  
AMOUNTS .—The amendment made by sub-section (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) T
RANSFER OF CREDIT BY CERTAIN PUBLIC  
ENTITIES .—The amendments made by sub-section (b) shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE II—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 41101. AMENDMENT OF INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this title an amendment or re-peal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986. 
SEC. 41102. MODIFICATIONS TO RUM COVER OVER. 
(a) E XTENSION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 7652(f)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2022’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply to dis-tilled spirits brought into the United States after December 31, 2016. (b) D
ETERMINATION OF TAXES ON RUM.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 7652(e) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(5) D
ETERMINATION OF AMOUNT OF TAXES  
COLLECTED .—For purposes of this subsection, the amount of taxes collected under section 5001(a)(1) shall be determined without regard to section 5001(c).’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply to dis-tilled spirits brought into the United States after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 41103. EXTENSION OF WAIVER OF LIMITA-TIONS WITH RESPECT TO EXCLUD-ING FROM GROSS INCOME AMOUNTS RECEIVED BY WRONGFULLY INCAR-CERATED INDIVIDUALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 304(d) of the Pro-tecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S749 February 7, 2018 
2015 (26 U.S.C. 139F note) is amended by striking ‘‘1-year’’ and inserting ‘‘3-year’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 41104. INDIVIDUALS HELD HARMLESS ON IMPROPER LEVY ON RETIREMENT PLANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6343 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(f) I
NDIVIDUALS HELD HARMLESS ON  W
RONGFUL LEVY, ETC. ON RETIREMENT  P
LAN.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary deter-mines that an individual’s account or benefit under an eligible retirement plan (as defined in section 402(c)(8)(B)) has been levied upon in a case to which subsection (b) or (d)(2)(A) applies and property or an amount of money is returned to the individual— ‘‘(A) the individual may contribute such property or an amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(i) the amount of money so returned by the Secretary, and ‘‘(ii) interest paid under subsection (c) on such amount of money, into such eligible retirement plan if such contribution is permitted by the plan, or into an individual retirement plan (other than an endowment contract) to which a rollover contribution of a distribution from such eligible retirement plan is permitted, but only if such contribution is made not later than the due date (not including exten-sions) for filing the return of tax for the tax-able year in which such property or amount of money is returned, and ‘‘(B) the Secretary shall, at the time such property or amount of money is returned, notify such individual that a contribution described in subparagraph (A) may be made. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT AS ROLLOVER .—The dis- tribution on account of the levy and any contribution under paragraph (1) with re-spect to the return of such distribution shall be treated for purposes of this title as if such distribution and contribution were described in section 402(c), 402A(c)(3), 403(a)(4), 403(b)(8), 408(d)(3), 408A(d)(3), or 457(e)(16), whichever is applicable; except that— ‘‘(A) the contribution shall be treated as having been made for the taxable year in which the distribution on account of the levy occurred, and the interest paid under sub-section (c) shall be treated as earnings with-in the plan after the contribution and shall not be included in gross income, and ‘‘(B) such contribution shall not be taken into account under section 408(d)(3)(B). ‘‘(3) R
EFUND , ETC., OF INCOME TAX ON  
LEVY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If any amount is includ-ible in gross income for a taxable year by reason of a distribution on account of a levy referred to in paragraph (1) and any portion of such amount is treated as a rollover con-tribution under paragraph (2), any tax im-posed by chapter 1 on such portion shall not be assessed, and if assessed shall be abated, and if collected shall be credited or refunded as an overpayment made on the due date for filing the return of tax for such taxable year. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to a rollover contribution under this subsection which is made from an eligi-ble retirement plan which is not a Roth IRA or a designated Roth account (within the meaning of section 402A) to a Roth IRA or a designated Roth account under an eligible retirement plan. ‘‘(4) I
NTEREST .—Notwithstanding sub-section (d), interest shall be allowed under subsection (c) in a case in which the Sec-retary makes a determination described in subsection (d)(2)(A) with respect to a levy upon an individual retirement plan. ‘‘(5) TREATMENT OF INHERITED ACCOUNTS .— For purposes of paragraph (1)(A), section 408(d)(3)(C) shall be disregarded in deter-mining whether an individual retirement plan is a plan to which a rollover contribu-tion of a distribution from the plan levied upon is permitted.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to amounts paid under subsections (b), (c), and (d)(2)(A) of section 6343 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 in taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2017. 
SEC. 41105. MODIFICATION OF USER FEE RE-QUIREMENTS FOR INSTALLMENT AGREEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6159 is amended by redesignating subsection (f) as subsection (g) and by inserting after subsection (e) the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) I
NSTALLMENT AGREEMENT FEES.— ‘‘(1) L
IMITATION ON FEE AMOUNT .—The amount of any fee imposed on an installment agreement under this section may not exceed the amount of such fee as in effect on the date of the enactment of this subsection. ‘‘(2) W
AIVER OR REIMBURSEMENT .—In the case of any taxpayer with an adjusted gross income, as determined for the most recent year for which such information is available, which does not exceed 250 percent of the ap-plicable poverty level (as determined by the Secretary)— ‘‘(A) if the taxpayer has agreed to make payments under the installment agreement by electronic payment through a debit in-strument, no fee shall be imposed on an in-stallment agreement under this section, and ‘‘(B) if the taxpayer is unable to make pay-ments under the installment agreement by electronic payment through a debit instru-ment, the Secretary shall, upon completion of the installment agreement, pay the tax-payer an amount equal to any such fees im-posed.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to agree-ments entered into on or after the date which is 60 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 41106. FORM 1040SR FOR SENIORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall make available a form, to be known as ‘‘Form 1040SR’’, for use by individuals to file the return of tax imposed by chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Such form shall be as similar as practicable to Form 1040EZ, except that— (1) the form shall be available only to indi-viduals who have attained age 65 as of the close of the taxable year, (2) the form may be used even if income for the taxable year includes— (A) social security benefits (as defined in section 86(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986), (B) distributions from qualified retirement plans (as defined in section 4974(c) of such Code), annuities or other such deferred pay-ment arrangements, (C) interest and dividends, or (D) capital gains and losses taken into ac-count in determining adjusted net capital gain (as defined in section 1(h)(3) of such Code), and (3) the form shall be available without re-gard to the amount of any item of taxable income or the total amount of taxable in-come for the taxable year. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The form required by subsection (a) shall be made available for taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 41107. ATTORNEYS FEES RELATING TO AWARDS TO WHISTLEBLOWERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (21) of section 62(a) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(21) ATTORNEYS ’ FEES RELATING TO AWARDS  
TO WHISTLEBLOWERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any deduction allowable under this chapter for attorney fees and court costs paid by, or on behalf of, the tax-payer in connection with any award under— ‘‘(i) section 7623(b), or ‘‘(ii) in the case of taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, any action brought under— ‘‘(I) section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78u-6), ‘‘(II) a State law relating to false or fraud-ulent claims that meets the requirements de-scribed in section 1909(b) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1396h(b)), or ‘‘(III) section 23 of the Commodity Ex-change Act (7 U.S.C. 26). ‘‘(B) M
AY NOT EXCEED AWARD .—Subpara- graph (A) shall not apply to any deduction in excess of the amount includible in the tax-payer’s gross income for the taxable year on account of such award.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 41108. CLARIFICATION OF WHISTLEBLOWER AWARDS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF PROCEEDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 7623 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(c) P
ROCEEDS .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘proceeds’ includes— ‘‘(1) penalties, interest, additions to tax, and additional amounts provided under the internal revenue laws, and ‘‘(2) any proceeds arising from laws for which the Internal Revenue Service is au-thorized to administer, enforce, or inves-tigate, including— ‘‘(A) criminal fines and civil forfeitures, and ‘‘(B) violations of reporting require-ments.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Paragraphs (1) and (2)(A) of section 7623(b) are each amended by striking ‘‘collected proceeds (in-cluding penalties, interest, additions to tax, and additional amounts) resulting from the action’’ and inserting ‘‘proceeds collected as a result of the action’’. (b) A
MOUNT OF PROCEEDS DETERMINED  W
ITHOUT REGARD TO AVAILABILITY .—Para- graphs (1) and (2)(A) of section 7623(b) are each amended by inserting ‘‘(determined without regard to whether such proceeds are available to the Secretary)’’ after ‘‘in re-sponse to such action’’. (c) D
ISPUTED AMOUNT THRESHOLD .—Section 7623(b)(5)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘tax, penalties, interest, additions to tax, and ad-ditional amounts’’ and inserting ‘‘proceeds’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to informa-tion provided before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act with respect to which a final determination for an award has not been made before such date of enact-ment. 
SEC. 41109. CLARIFICATION REGARDING EXCISE TAX BASED ON INVESTMENT IN-COME OF PRIVATE COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b)(1) of sec-tion 4968, as added by section 13701(a) of Pub-lic Law 115–97, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘tuition-paying’’ after ‘‘500’’ in subparagraph (A), and (2) by inserting ‘‘tuition-paying’’ after ‘‘50 percent of the’’ in subparagraph (B). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES750 February 7, 2018 
SEC. 41110. EXCEPTION FROM PRIVATE FOUNDA-TION EXCESS BUSINESS HOLDING TAX FOR INDEPENDENTLY-OPER-ATED PHILANTHROPIC BUSINESS HOLDINGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4943 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(g) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN HOLDINGS LIM-
ITED TO INDEPENDENTLY -OPERATED PHILAN -
THROPIC BUSINESS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to the holdings of a pri-vate foundation in any business enterprise which meets the requirements of paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) for the taxable year. ‘‘(2) O
WNERSHIP .—The requirements of this paragraph are met if— ‘‘(A) 100 percent of the voting stock in the business enterprise is held by the private foundation at all times during the taxable year, and ‘‘(B) all the private foundation’s ownership interests in the business enterprise were ac-quired by means other than by purchase. ‘‘(3) A
LL PROFITS TO CHARITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The requirements of this paragraph are met if the business enter-prise, not later than 120 days after the close of the taxable year, distributes an amount equal to its net operating income for such taxable year to the private foundation. ‘‘(B) N
ET OPERATING INCOME .—For purposes of this paragraph, the net operating income of any business enterprise for any taxable year is an amount equal to the gross income of the business enterprise for the taxable year, reduced by the sum of— ‘‘(i) the deductions allowed by chapter 1 for the taxable year which are directly con-nected with the production of such income, ‘‘(ii) the tax imposed by chapter 1 on the business enterprise for the taxable year, and ‘‘(iii) an amount for a reasonable reserve for working capital and other business needs of the business enterprise. ‘‘(4) I
NDEPENDENT OPERATION .—The require-ments of this paragraph are met if, at all times during the taxable year— ‘‘(A) no substantial contributor (as defined in section 4958(c)(3)(C)) to the private foun-dation or family member (as determined under section 4958(f)(4)) of such a contributor is a director, officer, trustee, manager, em-ployee, or contractor of the business enter-prise (or an individual having powers or re-sponsibilities similar to any of the fore-going), ‘‘(B) at least a majority of the board of di-rectors of the private foundation are persons who are not— ‘‘(i) directors or officers of the business en-terprise, or ‘‘(ii) family members (as so determined) of a substantial contributor (as so defined) to the private foundation, and ‘‘(C) there is no loan outstanding from the business enterprise to a substantial contrib-utor (as so defined) to the private foundation or to any family member of such a contrib-utor (as so determined). ‘‘(5) C
ERTAIN DEEMED PRIVATE FOUNDATIONS  
EXCLUDED .—This subsection shall not apply to— ‘‘(A) any fund or organization treated as a private foundation for purposes of this sec-tion by reason of subsection (e) or (f), ‘‘(B) any trust described in section 4947(a)(1) (relating to charitable trusts), and ‘‘(C) any trust described in section 4947(a)(2) (relating to split-interest trusts).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 41111. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION FOR CRAFT BEVERAGE MODERNIZATION AND TAX REFORM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart A of part IX of subtitle C of title I of Public Law 115-97 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘SEC. 13809. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
‘‘Nothing in this subpart, the amendments made by this subpart, or any regulation pro-mulgated under this subpart or the amend-ments made by this subpart, shall be con-strued to preempt, supersede, or otherwise limit or restrict any State, local, or tribal law that prohibits or regulates the produc-tion or sale of distilled spirits, wine, or malt beverages.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall take effect as if included in Public Law 115-97. 
SEC. 41112. SIMPLIFICATION OF RULES REGARD-ING RECORDS, STATEMENTS, AND RETURNS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 5555 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘For calendar quarters beginning after the date of the enactment of this sen-tence, and before January 1, 2020, the Sec-retary shall permit a person to employ a uni-fied system for any records, statements, and returns required to be kept, rendered, or made under this section for any beer pro-duced in the brewery for which the tax im-posed by section 5051 has been determined, including any beer which has been removed for consumption on the premises of the brew-ery.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to calendar quarters beginning after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 41113. MODIFICATION OF RULES GOV-ERNING HARDSHIP DISTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall modify Treasury Regulation section 1.401(k)– 1(d)(3)(iv)(E) to— (1) delete the 6-month prohibition on con-tributions imposed by paragraph (2) thereof, and (2) make any other modifications nec-essary to carry out the purposes of section 401(k)(2)(B)(i)(IV) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The revised regula-tions under this section shall apply to plan years beginning after December 31, 2018. 
SEC. 41114. MODIFICATION OF RULES RELATING TO HARDSHIP WITHDRAWALS FROM CASH OR DEFERRED ARRANGE-MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 401(k) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(14) S
PECIAL RULES RELATING TO HARDSHIP  
WITHDRAWALS .—For purposes of paragraph (2)(B)(i)(IV)— ‘‘(A) A
MOUNTS WHICH MAY BE WITHDRAWN .— The following amounts may be distributed upon hardship of the employee: ‘‘(i) Contributions to a profit-sharing or stock bonus plan to which section 402(e)(3) applies. ‘‘(ii) Qualified nonelective contributions (as defined in subsection (m)(4)(C)). ‘‘(iii) Qualified matching contributions de-scribed in paragraph (3)(D)(ii)(I). ‘‘(iv) Earnings on any contributions de-scribed in clause (i), (ii), or (iii). ‘‘(B) N
O REQUIREMENT TO TAKE AVAILABLE  
LOAN .—A distribution shall not be treated as failing to be made upon the hardship of an employee solely because the employee does not take any available loan under the plan.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 401(k)(2)(B)(i)(IV) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(IV) subject to the provisions of para-graph (14), upon hardship of the employee, or’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to plan years beginning after December 31, 2018. SEC. 41115. OPPORTUNITY ZONES RULE FOR PUERTO RICO. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 1400Z-1 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULE FOR PUERTO RICO .—Each population census tract in Puerto Rico that is a low- income community shall be deemed to be certified and designated as a qualified opportunity zone, effective on the date of the enactment of Public Law 115-97.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1400Z-1(d)(1) is amended by inserting ‘‘and subsection (b)(3)’’ after ‘‘paragraph (2)’’. 
SEC. 41116. TAX HOME OF CERTAIN CITIZENS OR RESIDENTS OF THE UNITED STATES LIVING ABROAD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (3) of section 911(d) is amended by inserting before the pe-riod at the end of the second sentence the following: ‘‘, unless such individual is serv-ing in an area designated by the President of the United States by Executive order as a combat zone for purposes of section 112 in support of the Armed Forces of the United States’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 41117. TREATMENT OF FOREIGN PERSONS FOR RETURNS RELATING TO PAY-MENTS MADE IN SETTLEMENT OF PAYMENT CARD AND THIRD PARTY NETWORK TRANSACTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6050W(d)(1)(B) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, a person with only a foreign address shall not be treated as a participating payee with re-spect to any payment settlement entity sole-ly because such person receives payments from such payment settlement entity in dol-lars.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to returns for calendar years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 41118. REPEAL OF SHIFT IN TIME OF PAY-MENT OF CORPORATE ESTIMATED TAXES. 
The Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 is amended by striking section 803 (re-lating to time for payment of corporate esti-mated taxes). 
SEC. 41119. ENHANCEMENT OF CARBON DIOXIDE SEQUESTRATION CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 45Q is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 45Q. CREDIT FOR CARBON OXIDE SEQUES-TRATION. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL RULE.—For purposes of sec-tion 38, the carbon oxide sequestration credit for any taxable year is an amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(1) $20 per metric ton of qualified carbon oxide which is— ‘‘(A) captured by the taxpayer using car-bon capture equipment which is originally placed in service at a qualified facility before the date of the enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, and ‘‘(B) disposed of by the taxpayer in secure geological storage and not used by the tax-payer as described in paragraph (2)(B), ‘‘(2) $10 per metric ton of qualified carbon oxide which is— ‘‘(A) captured by the taxpayer using car-bon capture equipment which is originally placed in service at a qualified facility before the date of the enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, and ‘‘(B)(i) used by the taxpayer as a tertiary injectant in a qualified enhanced oil or nat-ural gas recovery project and disposed of by the taxpayer in secure geological storage, or ‘‘(ii) utilized by the taxpayer in a manner described in subsection (f)(5), ‘‘(3) the applicable dollar amount (as deter-mined under subsection (b)(1)) per metric ton of qualified carbon oxide which is— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S751 February 7, 2018 
‘‘(A) captured by the taxpayer using car-bon capture equipment which is originally placed in service at a qualified facility on or after the date of the enactment of the Bipar-tisan Budget Act of 2018, during the 12-year period beginning on the date the equipment was originally placed in service, and ‘‘(B) disposed of by the taxpayer in secure geological storage and not used by the tax-payer as described in paragraph (4)(B), and ‘‘(4) the applicable dollar amount (as deter-mined under subsection (b)(1)) per metric ton of qualified carbon oxide which is— ‘‘(A) captured by the taxpayer using car-bon capture equipment which is originally placed in service at a qualified facility on or after the date of the enactment of the Bipar-tisan Budget Act of 2018, during the 12-year period beginning on the date the equipment was originally placed in service, and ‘‘(B)(i) used by the taxpayer as a tertiary injectant in a qualified enhanced oil or nat-ural gas recovery project and disposed of by the taxpayer in secure geological storage, or ‘‘(ii) utilized by the taxpayer in a manner described in subsection (f)(5). ‘‘(b) A
PPLICABLE DOLLAR AMOUNT ; ADDI-
TIONAL EQUIPMENT ; ELECTION .— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICABLE DOLLAR AMOUNT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The applicable dollar amount shall be an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) for any taxable year beginning in a calendar year after 2016 and before 2027— ‘‘(I) for purposes of paragraph (3) of sub-section (a), the dollar amount established by linear interpolation between $22.66 and $50 for each calendar year during such period, and ‘‘(II) for purposes of paragraph (4) of such subsection, the dollar amount established by linear interpolation between $12.83 and $35 for each calendar year during such period, and ‘‘(ii) for any taxable year beginning in a calendar year after 2026— ‘‘(I) for purposes of paragraph (3) of sub-section (a), an amount equal to the product of $50 and the inflation adjustment factor for such calendar year determined under section 43(b)(3)(B) for such calendar year, deter-mined by substituting ‘2025’ for ‘1990’, and ‘‘(II) for purposes of paragraph (4) of such subsection, an amount equal to the product of $35 and the inflation adjustment factor for such calendar year determined under section 43(b)(3)(B) for such calendar year, deter-mined by substituting ‘2025’ for ‘1990’. ‘‘(B) R
OUNDING .—The applicable dollar amount determined under subparagraph (A) shall be rounded to the nearest cent. ‘‘(2) I
NSTALLATION OF ADDITIONAL CARBON  
CAPTURE EQUIPMENT ON EXISTING QUALIFIED  
FACILITY .—In the case of a qualified facility placed in service before the date of the en-actment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, for which additional carbon capture equipment is placed in service on or after the date of the enactment of such Act, the amount of qualified carbon oxide which is captured by the taxpayer shall be equal to— ‘‘(A) for purposes of paragraphs (1)(A) and (2)(A) of subsection (a), the lesser of— ‘‘(i) the total amount of qualified carbon oxide captured at such facility for the tax-able year, or ‘‘(ii) the total amount of the carbon diox-ide capture capacity of the carbon capture equipment in service at such facility on the day before the date of the enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, and ‘‘(B) for purposes of paragraphs (3)(A) and (4)(A) of such subsection, an amount (not less than zero) equal to the excess of— ‘‘(i) the amount described in clause (i) of subparagraph (A), over ‘‘(ii) the amount described in clause (ii) of such subparagraph. ‘‘(3) ELECTION .—For purposes of deter-mining the carbon oxide sequestration credit under this section, a taxpayer may elect to have the dollar amounts applicable under paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (a) apply in lieu of the dollar amounts applicable under paragraph (3) or (4) of such subsection for each metric ton of qualified carbon oxide which is captured by the taxpayer using car-bon capture equipment which is originally placed in service at a qualified facility on or after the date of the enactment of the Bipar-tisan Budget Act of 2018. ‘‘(c) Q
UALIFIED CARBON OXIDE.—For pur- poses of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified car-bon oxide’ means— ‘‘(A) any carbon dioxide which— ‘‘(i) is captured from an industrial source by carbon capture equipment which is origi-nally placed in service before the date of the enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, ‘‘(ii) would otherwise be released into the atmosphere as industrial emission of green-house gas or lead to such release, and ‘‘(iii) is measured at the source of capture and verified at the point of disposal, injec-tion, or utilization, ‘‘(B) any carbon dioxide or other carbon oxide which— ‘‘(i) is captured from an industrial source by carbon capture equipment which is origi-nally placed in service on or after the date of the enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, ‘‘(ii) would otherwise be released into the atmosphere as industrial emission of green-house gas or lead to such release, and ‘‘(iii) is measured at the source of capture and verified at the point of disposal, injec-tion, or utilization, or ‘‘(C) in the case of a direct air capture fa-cility, any carbon dioxide which— ‘‘(i) is captured directly from the ambient air, and ‘‘(ii) is measured at the source of capture and verified at the point of disposal, injec-tion, or utilization. ‘‘(2) R
ECYCLED CARBON OXIDE .—The term ‘qualified carbon oxide’ includes the initial deposit of captured carbon oxide used as a tertiary injectant. Such term does not in-clude carbon oxide that is recaptured, recy-cled, and re-injected as part of the enhanced oil and natural gas recovery process. ‘‘(d) Q
UALIFIED FACILITY .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘qualified facility’ means any industrial facility or direct air capture facility— ‘‘(1) the construction of which begins be-fore January 1, 2024, and— ‘‘(A) construction of carbon capture equip-ment begins before such date, or ‘‘(B) the original planning and design for such facility includes installation of carbon capture equipment, and ‘‘(2) which captures— ‘‘(A) in the case of a facility which emits not more than 500,000 metric tons of carbon oxide into the atmosphere during the taxable year, not less than 25,000 metric tons of qualified carbon oxide during the taxable year which is utilized in a manner described in subsection (f)(5), ‘‘(B) in the case of an electricity gener-ating facility which is not described in sub-paragraph (A), not less than 500,000 metric tons of qualified carbon oxide during the tax-able year, or ‘‘(C) in the case of a direct air capture fa-cility or any facility not described in sub-paragraph (A) or (B), not less than 100,000 metric tons of qualified carbon oxide during the taxable year. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion— ‘‘(1) D
IRECT AIR CAPTURE FACILITY .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the term ‘direct air capture facility’ means any facility which uses carbon cap-ture equipment to capture carbon dioxide di-rectly from the ambient air. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—The term ‘direct air cap-ture facility’ shall not include any facility which captures carbon dioxide— ‘‘(i) which is deliberately released from naturally occurring subsurface springs, or ‘‘(ii) using natural photosynthesis. ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED ENHANCED OIL OR NATURAL  
GAS RECOVERY PROJECT .—The term ‘qualified enhanced oil or natural gas recovery project’ has the meaning given the term ‘qualified enhanced oil recovery project’ by section 43(c)(2), by substituting ‘crude oil or natural gas’ for ‘crude oil’ in subparagraph (A)(i) thereof. ‘‘(3) T
ERTIARY INJECTANT .—The term ‘ter-tiary injectant’ has the same meaning as when used within section 193(b)(1). ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULES .— ‘‘(1) O
NLY QUALIFIED CARBON OXIDE CAP -
TURED AND DISPOSED OF OR USED WITHIN THE  
UNITED STATES TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT .—The credit under this section shall apply only with respect to qualified carbon oxide the capture and disposal, use, or utilization of which is within— ‘‘(A) the United States (within the mean-ing of section 638(1)), or ‘‘(B) a possession of the United States (within the meaning of section 638(2)). ‘‘(2) S
ECURE GEOLOGICAL STORAGE .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency, the Secretary of Energy, and the Secretary of the Interior, shall establish reg-ulations for determining adequate security measures for the geological storage of quali-fied carbon oxide under subsection (a) such that the qualified carbon oxide does not es-cape into the atmosphere. Such term shall include storage at deep saline formations, oil and gas reservoirs, and unminable coal seams under such conditions as the Sec-retary may determine under such regula-tions. ‘‘(3) C
REDIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO TAXPAYER .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B) or in any regulations pre-scribed by the Secretary, any credit under this section shall be attributable to— ‘‘(i) in the case of qualified carbon oxide captured using carbon capture equipment which is originally placed in service at a qualified facility before the date of the en-actment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, the person that captures and physically or contractually ensures the disposal, utili-zation, or use as a tertiary injectant of such qualified carbon oxide, and ‘‘(ii) in the case of qualified carbon oxide captured using carbon capture equipment which is originally placed in service at a qualified facility on or after the date of the enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, the person that owns the carbon cap-ture equipment and physically or contrac-tually ensures the capture and disposal, uti-lization, or use as a tertiary injectant of such qualified carbon oxide. ‘‘(B) E
LECTION .—If the person described in subparagraph (A) makes an election under this subparagraph in such time and manner as the Secretary may prescribe by regula-tions, the credit under this section— ‘‘(i) shall be allowable to the person that disposes of the qualified carbon oxide, uti-lizes the qualified carbon oxide, or uses the qualified carbon oxide as a tertiary injectant, and ‘‘(ii) shall not be allowable to the person described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(4) R
ECAPTURE .—The Secretary shall, by regulations, provide for recapturing the ben-efit of any credit allowable under subsection 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES752 February 7, 2018 
(a) with respect to any qualified carbon oxide which ceases to be captured, disposed of, or used as a tertiary injectant in a manner con-sistent with the requirements of this section. ‘‘(5) U
TILIZATION OF QUALIFIED CARBON  
OXIDE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-tion, utilization of qualified carbon oxide means— ‘‘(i) the fixation of such qualified carbon oxide through photosynthesis or chemosynthesis, such as through the grow-ing of algae or bacteria, ‘‘(ii) the chemical conversion of such quali-fied carbon oxide to a material or chemical compound in which such qualified carbon oxide is securely stored, or ‘‘(iii) the use of such qualified carbon oxide for any other purpose for which a commer-cial market exists (with the exception of use as a tertiary injectant in a qualified en-hanced oil or natural gas recovery project), as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(B) M
EASUREMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of deter-mining the amount of qualified carbon oxide utilized by the taxpayer under paragraph (2)(B)(ii) or (4)(B)(ii) of subsection (a), such amount shall be equal to the metric tons of qualified carbon oxide which the taxpayer demonstrates, based upon an analysis of lifecycle greenhouse gas emissions and sub-ject to such requirements as the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Energy and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, determines appropriate, were— ‘‘(I) captured and permanently isolated from the atmosphere, or ‘‘(II) displaced from being emitted into the atmosphere, through use of a process described in sub-paragraph (A). ‘‘(ii) L
IFECYCLE GREENHOUSE GAS EMIS -
SIONS .—For purposes of clause (i), the term ‘lifecycle greenhouse gas emissions’ has the same meaning given such term under sub-paragraph (H) of section 211(o)(1) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7545(o)(1)), as in effect on the date of the enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, except that ‘product’ shall be substituted for ‘fuel’ each place it appears in such subparagraph. ‘‘(6) E
LECTION FOR APPLICABLE FACILITIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-tion, in the case of an applicable facility, for any taxable year in which such facility cap-tures not less than 500,000 metric tons of qualified carbon oxide during the taxable year, the person described in paragraph (3)(A)(ii) may elect to have such facility, and any carbon capture equipment placed in service at such facility, deemed as having been placed in service on the date of the en-actment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICABLE FACILITY .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘applicable facil-ity’ means a qualified facility— ‘‘(i) which was placed in service before the date of the enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, and ‘‘(ii) for which no taxpayer claimed a cred-it under this section in regards to such facil-ity for any taxable year ending before the date of the enactment of such Act. ‘‘(7) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any taxable year beginning in a calendar year after 2009, there shall be substituted for each dollar amount contained in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) an amount equal to the product of— ‘‘(A) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the inflation adjustment factor for such calendar year determined under section 43(b)(3)(B) for such calendar year, deter-mined by substituting ‘2008’ for ‘1990’. ‘‘(g) APPLICATION OF SECTION FOR CERTAIN  C
ARBON CAPTURE EQUIPMENT .—In the case of any carbon capture equipment placed in service before the date of the enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, the credit under this section shall apply with respect to qualified carbon oxide captured using such equipment before the end of the calendar year in which the Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency, certifies that, during the period beginning after October 3, 2008, a total of 75,000,000 metric tons of quali-fied carbon oxide have been taken into ac-count in accordance with— ‘‘(1) subsection (a) of this section, as in ef-fect on the day before the date of the enact-ment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, and ‘‘(2) paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) of this section. ‘‘(h) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary may prescribe such regulations and other guid-ance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out this section, including regulations or other guidance to— ‘‘(1) ensure proper allocation under sub-section (a) for qualified carbon oxide cap-tured by a taxpayer during the taxable year ending after the date of the enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, and ‘‘(2) determine whether a facility satisfies the requirements under subsection (d)(1) dur-ing such taxable year.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. DIVISION E—HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES EXTENDERS 
SEC. 50100. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This division may be cited as the ‘‘Advancing Chronic Care, Ex-tenders, and Social Services (ACCESS) Act’’ (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this division is as follows: DIVISION E—HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES EXTENDERS Sec. 50100. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—CHIP Sec. 50101. Funding extension of the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Pro-gram through fiscal year 2027. Sec. 50102. Extension of pediatric quality measures program. Sec. 50103. Extension of outreach and enroll-ment program. TITLE II—MEDICARE EXTENDERS Sec. 50201. Extension of work GPCI floor. Sec. 50202. Repeal of Medicare payment cap for therapy services; limitation to ensure appropriate therapy. Sec. 50203. Medicare ambulance services. Sec. 50204. Extension of increased inpatient hospital payment adjustment for certain low-volume hos-pitals. Sec. 50205. Extension of the Medicare-de-pendent hospital (MDH) pro-gram. Sec. 50206. Extension of funding for quality measure endorsement, input, and selection; reporting re-quirements. Sec. 50207. Extension of funding outreach and assistance for low-income programs; State health insur-ance assistance program report-ing requirements. Sec. 50208. Extension of home health rural add-on. TITLE III—CREATING HIGH-QUALITY RE-SULTS AND OUTCOMES NECESSARY TO IMPROVE CHRONIC (CHRONIC) CARE Subtitle A—Receiving High Quality Care in the Home Sec. 50301. Extending the Independence at Home Demonstration Program. Sec. 50302. Expanding access to home dialy-sis therapy. Subtitle B—Advancing Team-Based Care Sec. 50311. Providing continued access to Medicare Advantage special needs plans for vulnerable pop-ulations. Subtitle C—Expanding Innovation and Technology Sec. 50321. Adapting benefits to meet the needs of chronically ill Medi-care Advantage enrollees. Sec. 50322. Expanding supplemental benefits to meet the needs of chron-ically ill Medicare Advantage enrollees. Sec. 50323. Increasing convenience for Medi-care Advantage enrollees through telehealth. Sec. 50324. Providing accountable care orga-nizations the ability to expand the use of telehealth. Sec. 50325. Expanding the use of telehealth for individuals with stroke. Subtitle D—Identifying the Chronically Ill Population Sec. 50331. Providing flexibility for bene-ficiaries to be part of an ac-countable care organization. Subtitle E—Empowering Individuals and Caregivers in Care Delivery Sec. 50341. Eliminating barriers to care co-ordination under accountable care organizations. Sec. 50342. GAO study and report on longitu-dinal comprehensive care plan-ning services under Medicare part B. Subtitle F—Other Policies to Improve Care for the Chronically Ill Sec. 50351. GAO study and report on improv-ing medication synchroni-zation. Sec. 50352. GAO study and report on impact of obesity drugs on patient health and spending. Sec. 50353. HHS study and report on long- term risk factors for chronic conditions among Medicare beneficiaries. Sec. 50354. Providing prescription drug plans with parts A and B claims data to promote the appropriate use of medications and improve health outcomes. TITLE IV—PART B IMPROVEMENT ACT AND OTHER PART B ENHANCEMENTS Subtitle A—Medicare Part B Improvement Act Sec. 50401. Home infusion therapy services temporary transitional pay-ment. Sec. 50402. Orthotist’s and prosthetist’s clin-ical notes as part of the pa-tient’s medical record. Sec. 50403. Independent accreditation for di-alysis facilities and assurance of high quality surveys. Sec. 50404. Modernizing the application of the Stark rule under Medicare. Subtitle B—Additional Medicare Provisions Sec. 50411. Making permanent the removal of the rental cap for durable medical equipment under Medi-care with respect to speech gen-erating devices. Sec. 50412. Increased civil and criminal pen-alties and increased sentences for Federal health care program fraud and abuse. Sec. 50413. Reducing the volume of future EHR-related significant hard-ship requests. Sec. 50414. Strengthening rules in case of competition for diabetic testing strips. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S753 February 7, 2018 
TITLE V—OTHER HEALTH EXTENDERS Sec. 50501. Extension for family-to-family health information centers. Sec. 50502. Extension for sexual risk avoid-ance education. Sec. 50503. Extension for personal responsi-bility education. TITLE VI—CHILD AND FAMILY SERVICES AND SUPPORTS EXTENDERS Subtitle A—Continuing the Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting Program Sec. 50601. Continuing evidence-based home visiting program. Sec. 50602. Continuing to demonstrate re-sults to help families. Sec. 50603. Reviewing statewide needs to tar-get resources. Sec. 50604. Improving the likelihood of suc-cess in high-risk communities. Sec. 50605. Option to fund evidence-based home visiting on a pay for out-come basis. Sec. 50606. Data exchange standards for im-proved interoperability. Sec. 50607. Allocation of funds. Subtitle B—Extension of Health Professions Workforce Demonstration Projects Sec. 50611. Extension of health workforce demonstration projects for low- income individuals. TITLE VII—FAMILY FIRST PREVENTION SERVICES ACT Subtitle A—Investing in Prevention and Supporting Families Sec. 50701. Short title. Sec. 50702. Purpose. PART I—P
REVENTION ACTIVITIES UNDER  T
ITLE IV–E Sec. 50711. Foster care prevention services and programs. Sec. 50712. Foster care maintenance pay-ments for children with parents in a licensed residential family- based treatment facility for substance abuse. Sec. 50713. Title IV–E payments for evi-dence-based kinship navigator programs. PART II—E
NHANCED SUPPORT UNDER TITLE IV–B Sec. 50721. Elimination of time limit for family reunification services while in foster care and permit-ting time-limited family reuni-fication services when a child returns home from foster care. Sec. 50722. Reducing bureaucracy and unnec-essary delays when placing children in homes across State lines. Sec. 50723. Enhancements to grants to im-prove well-being of families af-fected by substance abuse. PART III—M
ISCELLANEOUS  Sec. 50731. Reviewing and improving licens-ing standards for placement in a relative foster family home. Sec. 50732. Development of a statewide plan to prevent child abuse and ne-glect fatalities. Sec. 50733. Modernizing the title and purpose of title IV–E. Sec. 50734. Effective dates. PART IV—E
NSURING THE NECESSITY OF A  P
LACEMENT THATISNOT IN A FOSTER FAM-
ILYHOME Sec. 50741. Limitation on Federal financial participation for placements that are not in foster family homes. Sec. 50742. Assessment and documentation of the need for placement in a qualified residential treatment program. Sec. 50743. Protocols to prevent inappro-priate diagnoses. Sec. 50744. Additional data and reports re-garding children placed in a setting that is not a foster fam-ily home. Sec. 50745. Criminal records checks and checks of child abuse and ne-glect registries for adults work-ing in child-care institutions and other group care settings. Sec. 50746. Effective dates; application to waivers. PART V—CONTINUING SUPPORT FOR CHILD 
ANDFAMILY SERVICES  Sec. 50751. Supporting and retaining foster families for children. Sec. 50752. Extension of child and family services programs. Sec. 50753. Improvements to the John H. Chafee foster care independence program and related provisions. PART VI—C
ONTINUING INCENTIVES TO STATES  
TOPROMOTE ADOPTION AND LEGAL GUARD -
IANSHIP  Sec. 50761. Reauthorizing adoption and legal guardianship incentive pro-grams. PART VII—T
ECHNICAL CORRECTIONS  Sec. 50771. Technical corrections to data ex-change standards to improve program coordination. Sec. 50772. Technical corrections to State requirement to address the de-velopmental needs of young children. PART VIII—E
NSURING STATES REINVEST  S
AVINGS RESULTING FROM INCREASE IN  A
DOPTION ASSISTANCE  Sec. 50781. Delay of adoption assistance phase-in. Sec. 50782. GAO study and report on State reinvestment of savings result-ing from increase in adoption assistance. TITLE VIII—SUPPORTING SOCIAL IM-PACT PARTNERSHIPS TO PAY FOR RE-SULTS Sec. 50801. Short title. Sec. 50802. Social impact partnerships to pay for results. TITLE IX—PUBLIC HEALTH PROGRAMS Sec. 50901. Extension for community health centers, the National Health Service Corps, and teaching health centers that operate GME programs. Sec. 50902. Extension for special diabetes programs. TITLE X—MISCELLANEOUS HEALTH CARE POLICIES Sec. 51001. Home health payment reform. Sec. 51002. Information to satisfy docu-mentation of Medicare eligi-bility for home health services. Sec. 51003. Technical amendments to Public Law 114–10. Sec. 51004. Expanded access to Medicare in-tensive cardiac rehabilitation programs. Sec. 51005. Extension of blended site neutral payment rate for certain long- term care hospital discharges; temporary adjustment to site neutral payment rates. Sec. 51006. Recognition of attending physi-cian assistants as attending physicians to serve hospice pa-tients. Sec. 51007. Extension of enforcement in-struction on supervision re-quirements for outpatient therapeutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals through 2017. Sec. 51008. Allowing physician assistants, nurse practitioners, and clin-ical nurse specialists to super-vise cardiac, intensive cardiac, and pulmonary rehabilitation programs. Sec. 51009. Transitional payment rules for certain radiation therapy serv-ices under the physician fee schedule. TITLE XI—PROTECTING SENIORS’ ACCESS TO MEDICARE ACT Sec. 52001. Repeal of the Independent Pay-ment Advisory Board. TITLE XII—OFFSETS Sec. 53101. Modifying reductions in Medicaid DSH allotments. Sec. 53102. Third party liability in Medicaid and CHIP. Sec. 53103. Treatment of lottery winnings and other lump-sum income for purposes of income eligibility under Medicaid. Sec. 53104. Rebate obligation with respect to line extension drugs. Sec. 53105. Medicaid Improvement Fund. Sec. 53106. Physician fee schedule update. Sec. 53107. Payment for outpatient physical therapy services and outpatient occupational therapy services furnished by a therapy assist-ant. Sec. 53108. Reduction for non-emergency ESRD ambulance transports. Sec. 53109. Hospital transfer policy for early discharges to hospice care. Sec. 53110. Medicare payment update for home health services. Sec. 53111. Medicare payment update for skilled nursing facilities. Sec. 53112. Preventing the artificial infla-tion of star ratings after the consolidation of Medicare Ad-vantage plans offered by the same organization. Sec. 53113. Sunsetting exclusion of biosimilars from Medicare part D coverage gap discount pro-gram. Sec. 53114. Adjustments to Medicare part B and part D premium subsidies for higher income individuals. Sec. 53115. Medicare Improvement Fund. Sec. 53116. Closing the Donut Hole for Sen-iors. Sec. 53117. Modernizing child support en-forcement fees. Sec. 53118. Increasing efficiency of prison data reporting. Sec. 53119. Prevention and Public Health Fund. TITLE I—CHIP 
SEC. 50101. FUNDING EXTENSION OF THE CHIL-DREN’S HEALTH INSURANCE PRO-GRAM THROUGH FISCAL YEAR 2027. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2104(a) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397dd(a)), as amended by section 3002(a) of the HEALTHY KIDS Act (division C of Public Law 115–120), is amended— (1) in paragraph (25), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (26), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(27) for each of fiscal years 2024 through 2026, such sums as are necessary to fund al-lotments to States under subsections (c) and (m); and ‘‘(28) for fiscal year 2027, for purposes of making two semi-annual allotments— ‘‘(A) $7,650,000,000 for the period beginning on October 1, 2026, and ending on March 31, 2027; and ‘‘(B) $7,650,000,000 for the period beginning on April 1, 2027, and ending on September 30, 2027.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES754 February 7, 2018 
(b) A LLOTMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 2104(m) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397dd(m)), as amended by section 3002(b) of the HEALTHY KIDS Act (division C of Public Law 115–120), is amended— (A) in paragraph (2)(B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘(25)’’ and inserting ‘‘(27)’’; (ii) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and 2023’’ and inserting ‘‘, 2023, and 2027’’; and (iii) in clause (ii)(I), by striking ‘‘(or, in the case of fiscal year 2018, under paragraph (4))’’ and inserting ‘‘(or, in the case of fiscal year 2018 or 2024, under paragraph (4) or (10), respectively)’’; (B) in paragraph (5)— (i) by striking ‘‘or (10)’’ and inserting ‘‘(10), or (11)’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘or 2023,’’ and inserting ‘‘2023, or 2027,’’; (C) in paragraph (7)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2023’’ and inserting ‘‘2027,’’; and (ii) in the matter following subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘or fiscal year 2022’’ and in-serting ‘‘fiscal year 2022, fiscal year 2024, or fiscal year 2026’’; (D) in paragraph (9)— (i) by striking ‘‘or (10)’’ and inserting ‘‘(10), or (11)’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘or 2023,’’ and inserting ‘‘2023, or 2027,’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(11) F
OR FISCAL YEAR 2027.— ‘‘(A) F
IRST HALF .—Subject to paragraphs (5) and (7), from the amount made available under subparagraph (A) of paragraph (28) of subsection (a) for the semi-annual period de-scribed in such subparagraph, increased by the amount of the appropriation for such pe-riod under section 50101(b)(2) of the Advanc-ing Chronic Care, Extenders, and Social Services Act, the Secretary shall compute a State allotment for each State (including the District of Columbia and each common-wealth and territory) for such semi-annual period in an amount equal to the first half ratio (described in subparagraph (D)) of the amount described in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(B) S
ECOND HALF .—Subject to paragraphs (5) and (7), from the amount made available under subparagraph (B) of paragraph (28) of subsection (a) for the semi-annual period de-scribed in such subparagraph, the Secretary shall compute a State allotment for each State (including the District of Columbia and each commonwealth and territory) for such semi-annual period in an amount equal to the amount made available under such subparagraph, multiplied by the ratio of— ‘‘(i) the amount of the allotment to such State under subparagraph (A); to ‘‘(ii) the total of the amount of all of the allotments made available under such sub-paragraph. ‘‘(C) F
ULL YEAR AMOUNT BASED ON REBASED  
AMOUNT .—The amount described in this sub-paragraph for a State is equal to the Federal payments to the State that are attributable to (and countable towards) the total amount of allotments available under this section to the State in fiscal year 2026 (including pay-ments made to the State under subsection (n) for fiscal year 2026 as well as amounts re-distributed to the State in fiscal year 2026), multiplied by the allotment increase factor under paragraph (6) for fiscal year 2027. ‘‘(D) F
IRST HALF RATIO .—The first half ratio described in this subparagraph is the ratio of— ‘‘(i) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the amount made available under sub-section (a)(28)(A); and ‘‘(II) the amount of the appropriation for such period under section 50101(b)(2) of the Advancing Chronic Care, Extenders, and So-cial Services Act; to ‘‘(ii) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the amount described in clause (i); and ‘‘(II) the amount made available under sub-section (a)(28)(B).’’. (2) ONE-TIME APPROPRIATION FOR FISCAL  
YEAR 2027.—There is appropriated to the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-propriated, such sums as are necessary to fund allotments to States under subsections (c) and (m) of section 2104 of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1397dd) for fiscal year 2027, taking into account the full year amounts calculated for States under paragraph (11)(C) of subsection (m) of such section (as added by paragraph (1)) and the amounts appro-priated under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of subsection (a)(28) of such section (as added by subsection (a)). Such amount shall accom-pany the allotment made for the period be-ginning on October 1, 2026, and ending on March 31, 2027, under paragraph (28)(A) of section 2104(a) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1397dd(a)), to remain available until ex-pended. Such amount shall be used to pro-vide allotments to States under paragraph (11) of section 2104(m) of such Act for the first 6 months of fiscal year 2027 in the same manner as allotments are provided under subsection (a)(28)(A) of such section 2104 and subject to the same terms and conditions as apply to the allotments provided from such subsection (a)(28)(A). (c) E
XTENSION OF THE CHILD ENROLLMENT  C
ONTINGENCY FUND.—Section 2104(n) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397dd(n)), as amended by section 3002(c) of the HEALTHY KIDS Act (division C of Public Law 115–120), is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(ii)— (i) by striking ‘‘and 2018 through 2022’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2022, and 2024 through 2026’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘and 2023’’ and inserting ‘‘2023, and 2027’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘and 2018 through 2022’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2022, and 2024 through 2026’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘and 2023’’ and inserting ‘‘2023, and 2027’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)(A), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i)— (A) by striking ‘‘or in any of fiscal years 2018 through 2022’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2018 through 2022, or fiscal years 2024 through 2026’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘or 2023’’ and inserting ‘‘2023, or 2027’’. (d) E
XTENSION OF QUALIFYING STATES OP-
TION.—Section 2105(g)(4) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1397ee(g)(4)), as amended by section 3002(d) of the HEALTHY KIDS Act (division C of Public Law 115–120), is amend-ed— (1) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
THROUGH 2023’’ and inserting ‘‘ THROUGH  2027’’; and (2) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2023’’ and inserting ‘‘2027’’. (e) E
XTENSION OF EXPRESS LANE ELIGI-
BILITY OPTION .—Section 1902(e)(13)(I) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(e)(13)(I)), as amended by section 3002(e) of the HEALTHY KIDS Act (division C of Public Law 115–120), is amended by striking ‘‘2023’’ and inserting ‘‘2027’’. (f) A
SSURANCE OF ELIGIBILITY STANDARD  
FORCHILDREN AND FAMILIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 2105(d)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397ee(d)(3)), as amended by section 3002(f)(1) of the HEALTHY KIDS Act (division C of Public Law 115–120), is amended— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30 , 2023’’ and inserting ‘‘
THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2027’’; and (B) in subparagraph (A), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘2023’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2027’’. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 1902(gg)(2) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(gg)(2)), as amended by section 3002(f)(2) of the HEALTHY KIDS Act (divi-sion C of Public Law 115–120), is amended— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2023’’ and inserting ‘‘
THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2027’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘2023,’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘2027’’. 
SEC. 50102. EXTENSION OF PEDIATRIC QUALITY MEASURES PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1139A(i)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320b–9a(i)(1)), as amended by section 3003(b) of the HEALTHY KIDS Act (division C of Public Law 115–120), is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) for the period of fiscal years 2024 through 2027, $60,000,000 for the purpose of carrying out this section (other than sub-sections (e), (f), and (g)).’’. (b) M
AKING REPORTING MANDATORY .—Sec- tion 1139A of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320b–9a) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the heading for paragraph (4), by in-serting ‘‘
AND MANDATORY REPORTING ’’ after ‘‘
REPORTING ’’; (B) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(A) V
OLUNTARY REPORTING .—Not later than’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) M
ANDATORY REPORTING .—Beginning with the annual State report on fiscal year 2024 required under subsection (c)(1), the Sec-retary shall require States to use the initial core measurement set and any updates or changes to that set to report information re-garding the quality of pediatric health care under titles XIX and XXI using the standard-ized format for reporting information and procedures developed under subparagraph (A).’’; and (C) in paragraph (6)(B), by inserting ‘‘and, beginning with the report required on Janu-ary 1, 2025, and for each annual report there-after, the status of mandatory reporting by States under titles XIX and XXI, utilizing the initial core quality measurement set and any updates or changes to that set’’ before the semicolon; and (2) in subsection (c)(1)(A), by inserting ‘‘and, beginning with the annual report on fiscal year 2024, all of the core measures de-scribed in subsection (a) and any updates or changes to those measures’’ before the semi-colon. 
SEC. 50103. EXTENSION OF OUTREACH AND EN-ROLLMENT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2113 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397mm), as amended by section 3004(a) of the HEALTHY KIDS Act (division C of Public Law 115–120), is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘2023’’ and inserting ‘‘2027’’; and (2) in subsection (g)— (A) by striking ‘‘and $120,000,000’’ and in-serting ‘‘, $120,000,000’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, and $48,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2024 through 2027’’ after ‘‘2023’’. (b) A
DDITIONAL RESERVED FUNDS .—Section 2113(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397mm(a)) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S755 February 7, 2018 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (2) and (3)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) T
EN PERCENT SET ASIDE FOR EVALU -
ATING AND PROVIDING TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE  
TO GRANTEES .—For the period of fiscal years 2024 through 2027, an amount equal to 10 per-cent of such amounts shall be used by the Secretary for the purpose of evaluating and providing technical assistance to eligible en-tities awarded grants under this section.’’. (c) U
SE OF RESERVED FUNDS FOR NATIONAL  E
NROLLMENT AND RETENTION STRATEGIES .— Section 2113(h) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397mm(h)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-graph (7); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(6) the development of materials and tool-kits and the provision of technical assistance to States regarding enrollment and retention strategies for eligible children under this title and title XIX; and’’. TITLE II—MEDICARE EXTENDERS 
SEC. 50201. EXTENSION OF WORK GPCI FLOOR. 
Section 1848(e)(1)(E) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4(e)(1)(E)) is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2020’’. 
SEC. 50202. REPEAL OF MEDICARE PAYMENT CAP FOR THERAPY SERVICES; LIMITA-TION TO ENSURE APPROPRIATE THERAPY. 
Section 1833(g) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395l(g)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Subject to paragraphs (4) and (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(A) Subject to para-graphs (4) and (5)’’; (B) in the subparagraph (A), as inserted and designated by subparagraph (A) of this paragraph, by adding at the end the fol-lowing new sentence: ‘‘The preceding sen-tence shall not apply to expenses incurred with respect to services furnished after De-cember 31, 2017.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) With respect to services furnished during 2018 or a subsequent year, in the case of physical therapy services of the type de-scribed in section 1861(p), speech-language pathology services of the type described in such section through the application of sec-tion 1861(ll)(2), and physical therapy services and speech-language pathology services of such type which are furnished by a physician or as incident to physicians’ services, with respect to expenses incurred in any calendar year, any amount that is more than the amount specified in paragraph (2) for the year shall not be considered as incurred ex-penses for purposes of subsections (a) and (b) unless the applicable requirements of para-graph (7) are met.’’; (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘Subject to paragraphs (4) and (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(A) Subject to para-graphs (4) and (5)’’; (B) in the subparagraph (A), as inserted and designated by subparagraph (A) of this paragraph, by adding at the end the fol-lowing new sentence: ‘‘The preceding sen-tence shall not apply to expenses incurred with respect to services furnished after De-cember 31, 2017.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph:. ‘‘(B) With respect to services furnished during 2018 or a subsequent year, in the case of occupational therapy services (of the type that are described in section 1861(p) through the operation of section 1861(g) and of such type which are furnished by a physician or as incident to physicians’ services), with re-spect to expenses incurred in any calendar year, any amount that is more than the amount specified in paragraph (2) for the year shall not be considered as incurred ex-penses for purposes of subsections (a) and (b) unless the applicable requirements of para-graph (7) are met.’’; (3) in paragraph (5)— (A) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as paragraph (8) and moving such paragraph to immediately follow paragraph (7), as added by paragraph (4) of this section; and (B) in subparagraph (E)(iv), by inserting ‘‘, except as such process is applied under para-graph (7)(B)’’ before the period at the end; and (4) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) For purposes of paragraphs (1)(B) and (3)(B), with respect to services described in such paragraphs, the requirements described in this paragraph are as follows: ‘‘(A) INCLUSION OF APPROPRIATE MODIFIER .— The claim for such services contains an ap-propriate modifier (such as the KX modifier described in paragraph (5)(B)) indicating that such services are medically necessary as jus-tified by appropriate documentation in the medical record involved. ‘‘(B) T
ARGETED MEDICAL REVIEW FOR CER -
TAIN SERVICES ABOVE THRESHOLD .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case where ex-penses that would be incurred for such serv-ices would exceed the threshold described in clause (ii) for the year, such services shall be subject to the process for medical review im-plemented under paragraph (5)(E). ‘‘(ii) T
HRESHOLD .—The threshold under this clause for— ‘‘(I) a year before 2028, is $3,000; ‘‘(II) 2028, is the amount specified in sub-clause (I) increased by the percentage in-crease in the MEI (as defined in section 1842(i)(3)) for 2028; and ‘‘(III) a subsequent year, is the amount specified in this clause for the preceding year increased by the percentage increase in the MEI (as defined in section 1842(i)(3)) for such subsequent year; except that if an increase under subclause (II) or (III) for a year is not a multiple of $10, it shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $10. ‘‘(iii) A
PPLICATION .—The threshold under clause (ii) shall be applied separately— ‘‘(I) for physical therapy services and speech-language pathology services; and ‘‘(II) for occupational therapy services. ‘‘(iv) F
UNDING .—For purposes of carrying out this subparagraph, the Secretary shall provide for the transfer, from the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund under section 1841 to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services Program Man-agement Account, of $5,000,000 for each fiscal year beginning with fiscal year 2018, to re-main available until expended. Such funds may not be used by a contractor under sec-tion 1893(h) for medical reviews under this subparagraph.’’. 
SEC. 50203. MEDICARE AMBULANCE SERVICES. 
(a) E XTENSION OF CERTAIN GROUND AMBU-
LANCE ADD-ONPAYMENTS .— (1) G
ROUND AMBULANCE .—Section 1834(l)(13)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(l)(13)(A)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’ each place it appears. (2) S
UPER RURAL AMBULANCE .—Section 1834(l)(12)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(l)(12)(A)) is amended, in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘2018’’ and insert-ing ‘‘2023’’. (b) R
EQUIRING GROUND AMBULANCE PRO-
VIDERS OF SERVICES AND SUPPLIERS TO SUB-MITCOST AND OTHER INFORMATION .—Section 1834(l) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(l)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(17) S
UBMISSION OF COST AND OTHER INFOR -
MATION .— ‘‘(A) D
EVELOPMENT OF DATA COLLECTION  
SYSTEM .—The Secretary shall develop a data collection system (which may include use of a cost survey) to collect cost, revenue, utili-zation, and other information determined ap-propriate by the Secretary with respect to providers of services (in this paragraph re-ferred to as ‘providers’) and suppliers of ground ambulance services. Such system shall be designed to collect information— ‘‘(i) needed to evaluate the extent to which reported costs relate to payment rates under this subsection; ‘‘(ii) on the utilization of capital equip-ment and ambulance capacity, including in-formation consistent with the type of infor-mation described in section 1121(a); and ‘‘(iii) on different types of ground ambu-lance services furnished in different geo-graphic locations, including rural areas and low population density areas described in paragraph (12). ‘‘(B) S
PECIFICATION OF DATA COLLECTION  
SYSTEM .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(I) not later than December 31, 2019, speci-fy the data collection system under subpara-graph (A); and ‘‘(II) identify the providers and suppliers of ground ambulance services that would be re-quired to submit information under such data collection system, including the rep-resentative sample described in clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) D
ETERMINATION OF REPRESENTATIVE  
SAMPLE .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than December 31, 2019, with respect to the data collection for the first year under such system, and for each subsequent year through 2024, the Sec-retary shall determine a representative sam-ple to submit information under the data collection system. ‘‘(II) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The sample under subclause (I) shall be representative of the different types of providers and suppliers of ground ambulance services (such as those providers and suppliers that are part of an emergency service or part of a government organization) and the geographic locations in which ground ambulance services are fur-nished (such as urban, rural, and low popu-lation density areas). ‘‘(III) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary shall not include an individual provider or supplier of ground ambulance services in the sample under subclause (I) in 2 consecutive years, to the extent practicable. ‘‘(C) R
EPORTING OF COST INFORMATION .—For each year, a provider or supplier of ground ambulance services identified by the Sec-retary under subparagraph (B)(i)(II) as being required to submit information under the data collection system with respect to a pe-riod for the year shall submit to the Sec-retary information specified under the sys-tem. Such information shall be submitted in a form and manner, and at a time, specified by the Secretary for purposes of this sub-paragraph. ‘‘(D) P
AYMENT REDUCTION FOR FAILURE TO  
REPORT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning January 1, 2022, subject to clause (ii), a 10 percent reduc-tion to payments under this subsection shall be made for the applicable period (as defined in clause (ii)) to a provider or supplier of ground ambulance services that— ‘‘(I) is required to submit information under the data collection system with re-spect to a period under subparagraph (C); and ‘‘(II) does not sufficiently submit such in-formation, as determined by the Secretary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES756 February 7, 2018 
‘‘(ii) A PPLICABLE PERIOD DEFINED .—For pur- poses of clause (i), the term ‘applicable pe-riod’ means, with respect to a provider or supplier of ground ambulance services, a year specified by the Secretary not more than 2 years after the end of the period with respect to which the Secretary has made a determination under clause (i)(II) that the provider or supplier of ground ambulance services failed to sufficiently submit infor-mation under the data collection system. ‘‘(iii) H
ARDSHIP EXEMPTION .—The Secretary may exempt a provider or supplier from the payment reduction under clause (i) with re-spect to an applicable period in the event of significant hardship, such as a natural dis-aster, bankruptcy, or other similar situation that the Secretary determines interfered with the ability of the provider or supplier of ground ambulance services to submit such information in a timely manner for the spec-ified period. ‘‘(iv) I
NFORMAL REVIEW .—The Secretary shall establish a process under which a pro-vider or supplier of ground ambulance serv-ices may seek an informal review of a deter-mination that the provider or supplier is subject to the payment reduction under clause (i). ‘‘(E) O
NGOING DATA COLLECTION .— ‘‘(i) R
EVISION OF DATA COLLECTION SYS -
TEM.—The Secretary may, as the Secretary determines appropriate and, if available, taking into consideration the report (or re-ports) under subparagraph (F), revise the data collection system under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(ii) S
UBSEQUENT DATA COLLECTION .—In order to continue to evaluate the extent to which reported costs relate to payment rates under this subsection and for other purposes the Secretary deems appropriate, the Sec-retary shall require providers and suppliers of ground ambulance services to submit in-formation for years after 2024 as the Sec-retary determines appropriate, but in no case less often than once every 3 years. ‘‘(F) G
ROUND AMBULANCE DATA COLLECTION  
SYSTEM STUDY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 15, 2023, and as determined necessary by the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission thereafter, such Commission shall assess, and submit to Congress a report on, informa-tion submitted by providers and suppliers of ground ambulance services through the data collection system under subparagraph (A), the adequacy of payments for ground ambu-lance services under this subsection, and ge-ographic variations in the cost of furnishing such services. ‘‘(ii) C
ONTENTS .—A report under clause (i) shall contain the following: ‘‘(I) An analysis of information submitted through the data collection system. ‘‘(II) An analysis of any burden on pro-viders and suppliers of ground ambulance services associated with the data collection system. ‘‘(III) A recommendation as to whether in-formation should continue to be submitted through such data collection system or if such system should be revised under sub-paragraph (E)(i). ‘‘(IV) Other information determined appro-priate by the Commission. ‘‘(G) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary shall post information on the results of the data collection under this paragraph on the Internet website of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, as determined appro-priate by the Secretary. ‘‘(H) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall implement this paragraph through no-tice and comment rulemaking. ‘‘(I) A
DMINISTRATION .—Chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, shall not apply to the collection of information required under this subsection. ‘‘(J) LIMITATIONS ON REVIEW .—There shall be no administrative or judicial review under section 1869, section 1878, or otherwise of the data collection system or identification of respondents under this paragraph. ‘‘(K) F
UNDING FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—For purposes of carrying out subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall provide for the transfer, from the Federal Supplementary Medical In-surance Trust Fund under section 1841, of $15,000,000 to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services Program Management Ac-count for fiscal year 2018. Amounts trans-ferred under this subparagraph shall remain available until expended.’’. 
SEC. 50204. EXTENSION OF INCREASED INPA-TIENT HOSPITAL PAYMENT ADJUST-MENT FOR CERTAIN LOW-VOLUME HOSPITALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1886(d)(12) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(d)(12)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2023’’; (2) in subparagraph (C)— (A) in clause (i)— (i) by striking ‘‘through 2017’’ the first place it appears and inserting ‘‘through 2022’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘ and has less than 800 dis-charges’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod at the end and inserting the following ‘‘and has— ‘‘(I) with respect to each of fiscal years 2005 through 2010, less than 800 discharges during the fiscal year; ‘‘(II) with respect to each of fiscal years 2011 through 2018, less than 1,600 discharges of individuals entitled to, or enrolled for, benefits under part A during the fiscal year or portion of fiscal year; ‘‘(III) with respect to each of fiscal years 2019 through 2022, less than 3,800 discharges during the fiscal year; and ‘‘(IV) with respect to fiscal year 2023 and each subsequent fiscal year, less than 800 dis-charges during the fiscal year.’’; and (B) in clause (ii)— (i) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subparagraphs (B) and (D)’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘(except as provided in clause (i)(II) and subparagraph (D)(i))’’ after ‘‘regardless’’; and (3) in subparagraph (D)— (A) by striking ‘‘through 2017’’ and insert-ing ‘‘through 2022’’; (B) by striking ‘‘hospitals with 200 or fewer’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘hos-pitals— ‘‘(i) with respect to each of fiscal years 2011 through 2018, with 200 or fewer’’; (C) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘or portion of fiscal year; and’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(ii) with respect to each of fiscal years 2019 through 2022, with 500 or fewer dis-charges in the fiscal year to 0 percent for low-volume hospitals with greater than 3,800 discharges in the fiscal year.’’. (b) M
EDPAC R EPORT ON EXTENSION OF IN-
CREASED INPATIENT HOSPITAL PAYMENT AD-
JUSTMENT FOR CERTAIN LOW-VOLUME HOS-
PITALS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 15, 2022, the Medicare Payment Advisory Com-mission shall submit to Congress a report on the extension of the increased inpatient hos-pital payment adjustment for certain low- volume hospitals under section 1886(d)(12) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(d)(12)) under the provisions of, and amendments made by, this section. (2) CONTENTS .—The report under paragraph (1) shall include an evaluation of the effects of such extension on the following: (A) Beneficiary utilization of inpatient hospital services under title XVIII of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.). (B) The financial status of hospitals with a low volume of Medicare or total inpatient admissions. (C) Program spending under such title XVIII. (D) Other matters relevant to evaluating the effects of such extension. 
SEC. 50205. EXTENSION OF THE MEDICARE-DE-PENDENT HOSPITAL (MDH) PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1886(d)(5)(G) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(d)(5)(G)) is amended— (1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2022’’; (2) in clause (ii)(II), by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2022’’; and (3) in clause (iv), by striking subclause (I) and inserting the following new subclause: ‘‘(I) that is located in— ‘‘(aa) a rural area; or ‘‘(bb) a State with no rural area (as defined in paragraph (2)(D)) and satisfies any of the criteria in subclause (I), (II), or (III) of para-graph (8)(E)(ii),’’; and (4) by inserting after subclause (IV) the fol-lowing new flush sentences: ‘‘Subclause (I)(bb) shall apply for purposes of payment under clause (ii) only for discharges of a hospital occurring on or after the effec-tive date of a determination of medicare-de-pendent small rural hospital status made by the Secretary with respect to the hospital after the date of the enactment of this sen-tence. For purposes of applying subclause (II) of paragraph (8)(E)(ii) under subclause (I)(bb), such subclause (II) shall be applied by inserting ‘as of January 1, 2018,’ after ‘such State’ each place it appears.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) E
XTENSION OF TARGET AMOUNT .—Section 1886(b)(3)(D) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(b)(3)(D)) is amended— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘Oc-tober 1, 2022’’; and (B) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘through fis-cal year 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘through fiscal year 2022’’. (2) P
ERMITTING HOSPITALS TO DECLINE RE -
CLASSIFICATION .—Section 13501(e)(2) of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993 (42 U.S.C. 1395ww note) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘through fiscal year 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘through fiscal year 2022’’. (c) GAO S
TUDY AND REPORT .— (1) S
TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States (in this subsection referred to as the ‘‘Comptroller General’’) shall conduct a study on the medicare-dependent, small rural hospital program under section 1886(d) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(d)). Such study shall include an anal-ysis of the following: (A) The payor mix of medicare-dependent, small rural hospitals (as defined in para-graph (5)(G)(iv) of such section 1886(d)), how such mix will trend in future years (based on current trends and projections), and whether or not the requirement under subclause (IV) of such paragraph should be revised. (B) The characteristics of medicare-de-pendent, small rural hospitals that meet the requirement of such subclause (IV) through the application of paragraph (a)(iii)(A) or (a)(iii)(B) of section 412.108 of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations, including Medicare in-patient and outpatient utilization, payor mix, and financial status (including Medi-care and total margins), and whether or not Medicare payments for such hospitals should be revised. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S757 February 7, 2018 
(C) Such other items related to medicare- dependent, small rural hospitals as the Comptroller General determines appropriate. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Con-gress a report containing the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1), to-gether with recommendations for such legis-lation and administrative action as the Comptroller General determines appropriate. 
SEC. 50206. EXTENSION OF FUNDING FOR QUAL-ITY MEASURE ENDORSEMENT, INPUT, AND SELECTION; REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) E XTENSION OF FUNDING .—Section 1890(d)(2) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395aaa(d)(2)) is amended— (1) in the first sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘2014 and’’ and inserting ‘‘2014,’’; and (B) by inserting the following before the period: ‘‘, and $7,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘Amounts transferred for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019 shall be in addition to any unobligated funds transferred for a preceding fiscal year that are available under the preceding sentence.’’ (b) A
NNUAL REPORT BY SECRETARY TO CON-
GRESS .—Section 1890 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395aaa) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) A
NNUAL REPORT BY SECRETARY TO CON-
GRESS .—By not later than March 1 of each year (beginning with 2019), the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report containing the following: ‘‘(1) A comprehensive plan that identifies the quality measurement needs of programs and initiatives of the Secretary and provides a strategy for using the entity with a con-tract under subsection (a) and any other en-tity the Secretary has contracted with or may contract with to perform work associ-ated with section 1890A to help meet those needs, specifically with respect to the pro-grams under this title and title XIX. In years after the first plan under this paragraph is submitted, the requirements of this para-graph may be met by providing an update to the plan. ‘‘(2) The amount of funding provided under subsection (d) for purposes of carrying out this section and section 1890A that has been obligated by the Secretary, the amount of funding provided that has been expended, and the amount of funding provided that re-mains unobligated. ‘‘(3) With respect to the activities de-scribed under this section or section 1890A, a description of how the funds described in paragraph (2) have been obligated or ex-pended, including how much of that funding has been obligated or expended for work per-formed by the Secretary, the entity with a contract under subsection (a), and any other entity the Secretary has contracted with to perform work. ‘‘(4) A description of the activities for which the funds described in paragraph (2) were used, including task orders and activi-ties assigned to the entity with a contract under subsection (a), activities performed by the Secretary, and task orders and activities assigned to any other entity the Secretary has contracted with to perform work related to carrying out section 1890A. ‘‘(5) The amount of funding described in paragraph (2) that has been obligated or ex-pended for each of the activities described in paragraph (4). ‘‘(6) Estimates for, and descriptions of, ob-ligations and expenditures that the Sec-retary anticipates will be needed in the suc-ceeding two year period to carry out each of the quality measurement activities required under this section and section 1890A, includ-ing any obligations that will require funds to be expended in a future year.’’. (c) REVISIONS TO ANNUAL REPORT FROM C
ONSENSUS -BASED ENTITY TO CONGRESS AND  
THESECRETARY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1890(b)(5)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395aaa(b)(5)(A)) is amended— (A) by redesignating clauses (i) through (vi) as subclauses (I) through (VI), respec-tively, and moving the margins accordingly; (B) in the matter preceding subclause (I), as redesignated by subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘containing a description of—’’ and inserting ‘‘containing the following: ‘‘(i) A description of—’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new clauses: ‘‘(ii) An itemization of financial informa-tion for the fiscal year ending September 30 of the preceding year, including— ‘‘(I) annual revenues of the entity (includ-ing any government funding, private sector contributions, grants, membership revenues, and investment revenue); ‘‘(II) annual expenses of the entity (includ-ing grants paid, benefits paid, salaries or other compensation, fundraising expenses, and overhead costs); and ‘‘(III) a breakdown of the amount awarded per contracted task order and the specific projects funded in each task order assigned to the entity. ‘‘(iii) Any updates or modifications of in-ternal policies and procedures of the entity as they relate to the duties of the entity under this section, including— ‘‘(I) specifically identifying any modifica-tions to the disclosure of interests and con-flicts of interests for committees, work groups, task forces, and advisory panels of the entity; and ‘‘(II) information on external stakeholder participation in the duties of the entity under this section (including complete ros-ters for all committees, work groups, task forces, and advisory panels funded through government contracts, descriptions of rel-evant interests and any conflicts of interest for members of all committees, work groups, task forces, and advisory panels, and the total percentage by health care sector of all convened committees, work groups, task forces, and advisory panels.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to re-ports submitted for years beginning with 2019. (d) GAO S
TUDY AND REPORT .— (1) S
TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on health care quality measurement efforts funded under sections 1890 and 1890A of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395aaa; 1395aaa–1). Such study shall include an ex-amination of the following: (A) The extent to which the Secretary of Health and Human Services (in this sub-section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) has set and prioritized objectives to be achieved for each of the quality measurement activi-ties required under such sections 1890 and 1890A. (B) The efforts that the Secretary has un-dertaken to meet quality measurement ob-jectives associated with such sections 1890 and 1890A, including division of responsibil-ities for those efforts within the Department of Health and Human Services and through contracts with a consensus-based entity under subsection (a) of such section 1890 (in this subsection referred to as the ‘‘con-sensus-based entity’’) and other entities, and the extent of any overlap among the work performed by the Secretary, the consensus- based entity, the Measure Applications Part-nership (MAP) convened by such entity to provide input to the Secretary on the selec-tion of quality and efficiency measures, and any other entities the Secretary has con-tracted with to perform work related to car-rying out such sections 1890 and 1890A. (C) The total amount of funding provided to the Secretary for purposes of carrying out such sections 1890 and 1890A, the amount of such funding that has been obligated or ex-pended by the Secretary, and the amount of such funding that remains unobligated. (D) How the funds described in subpara-graph (C) have been allocated, including how much of the funding has been allocated for work performed by the Secretary, the con-sensus-based entity, and any other entity the Secretary has contracted with to perform work related to carrying out such sections 1890 and 1890A, respectively, and descriptions of such work. (E) The extent to which the Secretary has developed a comprehensive and long-term plan to ensure that it can achieve quality measurement objectives related to carrying out such sections 1890 and 1890A in a timely manner and with efficient use of available resources, including the roles of the con-sensus-based entity, the Measure Applica-tions Partnership (MAP), and any other enti-ty the Secretary has contracted with to per-form work related to such sections 1890 and 1890A in helping the Secretary achieve those objectives. (2) REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report containing the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1), together with recommenda-tions for such legislation and administrative action as the Comptroller General deter-mines appropriate. 
SEC. 50207. EXTENSION OF FUNDING OUTREACH AND ASSISTANCE FOR LOW-INCOME PROGRAMS; STATE HEALTH INSUR-ANCE ASSISTANCE PROGRAM RE-PORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) F UNDING EXTENSIONS .— (1) A
DDITIONAL FUNDING FOR STATE HEALTH  
INSURANCE PROGRAMS .—Subsection (a)(1)(B) of section 119 of the Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 1395b–3 note), as amended by section 3306 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148), section 610 of the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–240), section 1110 of the Pathway for SGR Reform Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–67), section 110 of the Protecting Ac-cess to Medicare Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 93), and section 208 of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 (Pub-lic Law 114–10) is amended— (A) in clause (vi), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in clause (vii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new clauses: ‘‘(viii) for fiscal year 2018, of $13,000,000; and ‘‘(ix) for fiscal year 2019, of $13,000,000.’’. (2) A
DDITIONAL FUNDING FOR AREA AGENCIES  
ON AGING .—Subsection (b)(1)(B) of such sec-tion 119, as so amended, is amended— (A) in clause (vi), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in clause (vii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by inserting after clause (vii) the fol-lowing new clauses: ‘‘(viii) for fiscal year 2018, of $7,500,000; and ‘‘(ix) for fiscal year 2019, of $7,500,000.’’. (3) A
DDITIONAL FUNDING FOR AGING AND DIS -
ABILITY RESOURCE CENTERS .—Subsection (c)(1)(B) of such section 119, as so amended, is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES758 February 7, 2018 
(A) in clause (vi), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in clause (vii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by inserting after clause (vii) the fol-lowing new clauses: ‘‘(viii) for fiscal year 2018, of $5,000,000; and ‘‘(ix) for fiscal year 2019, of $5,000,000.’’. (4) A
DDITIONAL FUNDING FOR CONTRACT WITH  
THE NATIONAL CENTER FOR BENEFITS AND OUT -
REACH ENROLLMENT .—Subsection (d)(2) of such section 119, as so amended, is amend-ed— (A) in clause (vi), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in clause (vii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by inserting after clause (vii) the fol-lowing new clauses: ‘‘(viii) for fiscal year 2018, of $12,000,000; and ‘‘(ix) for fiscal year 2019, of $12,000,000.’’. (b) S
TATE HEALTH INSURANCE ASSISTANCE  P
ROGRAM REPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Begin- ning not later than April 1, 2019, and bienni-ally thereafter, the Agency for Community Living shall electronically post on its website the following information, with re-spect to grants to States for State health in-surance assistance programs, (such informa-tion to be presented by State and by entity receiving funds from the State to carry out such a program funded by such grant): (1) The amount of Federal funding provided to each such State for such program for the period involved and the amount of Federal funding provided by each such State for such program to each such entity for the period involved. (2) Information as the Secretary may specify, with respect to such programs car-ried out through such grants, consistent with the terms and conditions for receipt of such grants. 
SEC. 50208. EXTENSION OF HOME HEALTH RURAL ADD-ON. 
(a) E XTENSION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 421 of the Medi-care Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 (Public Law 108– 173; 117 Stat. 2283; 42 U.S.C. 1395fff note), as amended by section 5201(b) of the Deficit Re-duction Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–171; 120 Stat. 46), section 3131(c) of the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148; 124 Stat. 428), and section 210 of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–10; 129 Stat. 151) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘January 1, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2019’’ each place it appears; (B) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; (C) in each of subsections (c) and (d), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a) or (b)’’; and (D) by inserting after subsection (a) the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) S
UBSEQUENT TEMPORARY INCREASE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall in-crease the payment amount otherwise made under such section 1895 for home health serv-ices furnished in a county (or equivalent area) in a rural area (as defined in such sec-tion 1886(d)(2)(D)) that, as determined by the Secretary— ‘‘(A) is in the highest quartile of all coun-ties (or equivalent areas) based on the num-ber of Medicare home health episodes fur-nished per 100 individuals who are entitled to, or enrolled for, benefits under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act or en-rolled for benefits under part B of such title (but not enrolled in a plan under part C of such title)— ‘‘(i) in the case of episodes and visits end-ing during 2019, by 1.5 percent; and ‘‘(ii) in the case of episodes and visits end-ing during 2020, by 0.5 percent; ‘‘(B) has a population density of 6 individ-uals or fewer per square mile of land area and is not described in subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(i) in the case of episodes and visits end-ing during 2019, by 4 percent; ‘‘(ii) in the case of episodes and visits end-ing during 2020, by 3 percent; ‘‘(iii) in the case of episodes and visits end-ing during 2021, by 2 percent; and ‘‘(iv) in the case of episodes and visits end-ing during 2022, by 1 percent; and ‘‘(C) is not described in either subpara-graph (A) or (B)— ‘‘(i) in the case of episodes and visits end-ing during 2019, by 3 percent; ‘‘(ii) in the case of episodes and visits end-ing during 2020, by 2 percent; and ‘‘(iii) in the case of episodes and visits end-ing during 2021, by 1 percent. ‘‘(2) RULES FOR DETERMINATIONS .— ‘‘(A) N
O SWITCHING .—For purposes of this subsection, the determination by the Sec-retary as to which subparagraph of para-graph (1) applies to a county (or equivalent area) shall be made a single time and shall apply for the duration of the period to which this subsection applies. ‘‘(B) U
TILIZATION .—In determining which counties (or equivalent areas) are in the highest quartile under paragraph (1)(A), the following rules shall apply: ‘‘(i) The Secretary shall use data from 2015. ‘‘(ii) The Secretary shall exclude data from the territories (and the territories shall not be described in such paragraph). ‘‘(iii) The Secretary may exclude data from counties (or equivalent areas) in rural areas with a low volume of home health episodes (and if data is so excluded with respect to a county (or equivalent area), such county (or equivalent area) shall not be described in such paragraph). ‘‘(C) P
OPULATION DENSITY .—In determining population density under paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall use data from the 2010 decennial Census. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATIONS ON REVIEW .—There shall be no administrative or judicial review under section 1869, section 1878, or otherwise of de-terminations under paragraph (1).’’. (2) R
EQUIREMENT TO SUBMIT COUNTY DATA  
ON CLAIM FORM .—Section 1895(c) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395fff(c)) is amend-ed— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) in the case of home health services furnished on or after January 1, 2019, the claim contains the code for the county (or equivalent area) in which the home health service was furnished.’’. (b) HHS OIG A
NALYSIS .—Not later than January 1, 2023, the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services shall submit to Congress— (1) an analysis of the home health claims and utilization of home health services by county (or equivalent area) under the Medi-care program; and (2) recommendations the Inspector General determines appropriate based on such anal-ysis. TITLE III—CREATING HIGH-QUALITY RE-SULTS AND OUTCOMES NECESSARY TO IMPROVE CHRONIC (CHRONIC) CARE Subtitle A—Receiving High Quality Care in the Home 
SEC. 50301. EXTENDING THE INDEPENDENCE AT HOME DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1866E of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395cc–5) is amended— (1) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘An agreement’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Agreements’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘5-year’’ and inserting ‘‘7- year’’; and (B) in paragraph (5)— (i) by striking ‘‘10,000’’ and inserting ‘‘15,000’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘An applicable beneficiary that participates in the demonstration program by reason of the increase from 10,000 to 15,000 in the preceding sentence pursuant to the amendment made by section 50301(a)(1)(B)(i) of the Advancing Chronic Care, Extenders, and Social Services Act shall be considered in the spending target estimates under para-graph (1) of subsection (c) and the incentive payment calculations under paragraph (2) of such subsection for the sixth and seventh years of such program.’’; (2) in subsection (g), in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘, including, to the extent prac-ticable, with respect to the use of electronic health information systems, as described in subsection (b)(1)(A)(vi)’’ after ‘‘under the demonstration program’’; and (3) in subsection (i)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘will not receive an incentive payment for the sec-ond of 2’’ and inserting ‘‘did not achieve sav-ings for the third of 3’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a)(3) shall take effect as if included in the enactment of Public Law 111–148. 
SEC. 50302. EXPANDING ACCESS TO HOME DIALY-SIS THERAPY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1881(b)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395rr(b)(3)) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively; (2) in clause (ii), as redesignated by para-graph (1), by striking ‘‘on a comprehensive’’ and insert ‘‘subject to subparagraph (B), on a comprehensive’’; (3) by striking ‘‘With respect to’’ and in-serting ‘‘(A) With respect to’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B)(i) For purposes of subparagraph (A)(ii), subject to clause (ii), an individual determined to have end stage renal disease receiving home dialysis may choose to re-ceive monthly end stage renal disease-re-lated clinical assessments furnished on or after January 1, 2019, via telehealth. ‘‘(ii) Clause (i) shall apply to an individual only if the individual receives a face-to-face clinical assessment, without the use of tele-health— ‘‘(I) in the case of the initial 3 months of home dialysis of such individual, at least monthly; and ‘‘(II) after such initial 3 months, at least once every 3 consecutive months.’’. (b) O
RIGINATING SITEREQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1834(m) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(m)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (4)(C)(ii), by adding at the end the following new subclauses: ‘‘(IX) A renal dialysis facility, but only for purposes of section 1881(b)(3)(B). ‘‘(X) The home of an individual, but only for purposes of section 1881(b)(3)(B).’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) T
REATMENT OF HOME DIALYSIS MONTHLY  
ESRD -RELATED VISIT .—The geographic re-quirements described in paragraph (4)(C)(i) shall not apply with respect to telehealth services furnished on or after January 1, 2019, for purposes of section 1881(b)(3)(B), at an originating site described in subclause (VI), (IX), or (X) of paragraph (4)(C)(ii).’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S759 February 7, 2018 
(2) N O FACILITY FEE IF ORIGINATING SITE FOR  
HOME DIALYSIS THERAPY IS THE HOME .—Sec- tion 1834(m)(2)(B) of the Social Security (42 U.S.C. 1395m(m)(2)(B)) is amended— (A) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subclauses (I) and (II), and indenting appro-priately; (B) in subclause (II), as redesignated by subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘clause (i) or this clause’’ and inserting ‘‘subclause (I) or this subclause’’; (C) by striking ‘‘
SITE.—With respect to’’ and inserting ‘‘
SITE.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), with respect to’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(ii) N
O FACILITY FEE IF ORIGINATING SITE  
FOR HOME DIALYSIS THERAPY IS THE HOME .— No facility fee shall be paid under this sub-paragraph to an originating site described in paragraph (4)(C)(ii)(X).’’. (c) C
LARIFICATION REGARDING TELEHEALTH  P
ROVIDED TO BENEFICIARIES .—Section 1128A(i)(6) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7a(i)(6)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (I), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(J) the provision of telehealth tech-nologies (as defined by the Secretary) on or after January 1, 2019, by a provider of serv-ices or a renal dialysis facility (as such terms are defined for purposes of title XVIII) to an individual with end stage renal disease who is receiving home dialysis for which payment is being made under part B of such title, if— ‘‘(i) the telehealth technologies are not of-fered as part of any advertisement or solici-tation; ‘‘(ii) the telehealth technologies are pro-vided for the purpose of furnishing telehealth services related to the individual’s end stage renal disease; and ‘‘(iii) the provision of the telehealth tech-nologies meets any other requirements set forth in regulations promulgated by the Sec-retary.’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1881(b)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395rr(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘paragraph (3)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (3)(A)(i)’’. Subtitle B—Advancing Team-Based Care 
SEC. 50311. PROVIDING CONTINUED ACCESS TO MEDICARE ADVANTAGE SPECIAL NEEDS PLANS FOR VULNERABLE POPULATIONS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 1859(f)(1) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–28(f)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘and for periods before January 1, 2019’’. (b) I
NCREASED INTEGRATION OF DUAL SNP
S.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1859(f) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–28(f)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (3), by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) The plan meets the requirements ap-plicable under paragraph (8).’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) I
NCREASED INTEGRATION OF DUAL  
SNPS.— ‘‘(A) D
ESIGNATED CONTACT .—The Secretary, acting through the Federal Coordinated Health Care Office established under section 2602 of Public Law 111–148, shall serve as a dedicated point of contact for States to ad-dress misalignments that arise with the inte-gration of specialized MA plans for special needs individuals described in subsection (b)(6)(B)(ii) under this paragraph and, con-sistent with such role, shall establish— ‘‘(i) a uniform process for disseminating to State Medicaid agencies information under this title impacting contracts between such agencies and such plans under this sub-section; and ‘‘(ii) basic resources for States interested in exploring such plans as a platform for in-tegration, such as a model contract or other tools to achieve those goals. ‘‘(B) UNIFIED GRIEVANCES AND APPEALS  
PROCESS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than April 1, 2020, the Secretary shall establish proce-dures, to the extent feasible as determined by the Secretary, unifying grievances and appeals procedures under sections 1852(f), 1852(g), 1902(a)(3), 1902(a)(5), and 1932(b)(4) for items and services provided by specialized MA plans for special needs individuals de-scribed in subsection (b)(6)(B)(ii) under this title and title XIX. With respect to items and services described in the preceding sen-tence, procedures established under this clause shall apply in place of otherwise ap-plicable grievances and appeals procedures. The Secretary shall solicit comment in de-veloping such procedures from States, plans, beneficiaries and their representatives, and other relevant stakeholders. ‘‘(ii) P
ROCEDURES .—The procedures estab-lished under clause (i) shall be included in the plan contract under paragraph (3)(D) and shall— ‘‘(I) adopt the provisions for the enrollee that are most protective for the enrollee and, to the extent feasible as determined by the Secretary, are compatible with unified timeframes and consolidated access to exter-nal review under an integrated process; ‘‘(II) take into account differences in State plans under title XIX to the extent nec-essary; ‘‘(III) be easily navigable by an enrollee; and ‘‘(IV) include the elements described in clause (iii), as applicable. ‘‘(iii) E
LEMENTS DESCRIBED .—Both unified appeals and unified grievance procedures shall include, as applicable, the following elements described in this clause: ‘‘(I) Single written notification of all appli-cable grievances and appeal rights under this title and title XIX. For purposes of this sub-paragraph, the Secretary may waive the re-quirements under section 1852(g)(1)(B) when the specialized MA plan covers items or serv-ices under this part or under title XIX. ‘‘(II) Single pathways for resolution of any grievance or appeal related to a particular item or service provided by specialized MA plans for special needs individuals described in subsection (b)(6)(B)(ii) under this title and title XIX. ‘‘(III) Notices written in plain language and available in a language and format that is accessible to the enrollee, including in non-English languages that are prevalent in the service area of the specialized MA plan. ‘‘(IV) Unified timeframes for grievances and appeals processes, such as an individ-ual’s filing of a grievance or appeal, a plan’s acknowledgment and resolution of a griev-ance or appeal, and notification of decisions with respect to a grievance or appeal. ‘‘(V) Requirements for how the plan must process, track, and resolve grievances and appeals, to ensure beneficiaries are notified on a timely basis of decisions that are made throughout the grievance or appeals process and are able to easily determine the status of a grievance or appeal. ‘‘(iv) C
ONTINUATION OF BENEFITS PENDING  
APPEAL .—The unified procedures under clause (i) shall, with respect to all benefits under parts A and B and title XIX subject to appeal under such procedures, incorporate provisions under current law and imple-menting regulations that provide continu-ation of benefits pending appeal under this title and title XIX. ‘‘(C) REQUIREMENT FOR UNIFIED GRIEVANCES  
AND APPEALS .—For 2021 and subsequent years, the contract of a specialized MA plan for special needs individuals described in subsection (b)(6)(B)(ii) with a State Medicaid agency under paragraph (3)(D) shall require the use of unified grievances and appeals pro-cedures as described in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(D) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR INTEGRATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For 2021 and subsequent years, a specialized MA plan for special needs individuals described in subsection (b)(6)(B)(ii) shall meet one or more of the fol-lowing requirements, to the extent per-mitted under State law, for integration of benefits under this title and title XIX: ‘‘(I) The specialized MA plan must meet the requirements of contracting with the State Medicaid agency described in para-graph (3)(D) in addition to coordinating long- term services and supports or behavioral health services, or both, by meeting an addi-tional minimum set of requirements deter-mined by the Secretary through the Federal Coordinated Health Care Office established under section 2602 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act based on input from stakeholders, such as notifying the State in a timely manner of hospitalizations, emer-gency room visits, and hospital or nursing home discharges of enrollees, assigning one primary care provider for each enrollee, or sharing data that would benefit the coordi-nation of items and services under this title and the State plan under title XIX. Such minimum set of requirements must be in-cluded in the contract of the specialized MA plan with the State Medicaid agency under such paragraph. ‘‘(II) The specialized MA plan must meet the requirements of a fully integrated plan described in section 1853(a)(1)(B)(iv)(II) (other than the requirement that the plan have similar average levels of frailty, as de-termined by the Secretary, as the PACE pro-gram), or enter into a capitated contract with the State Medicaid agency to provide long-term services and supports or behav-ioral health services, or both. ‘‘(III) In the case of a specialized MA plan that is offered by a parent organization that is also the parent organization of a Medicaid managed care organization providing long term services and supports or behavioral services under a contract under section 1903(m), the parent organization must as-sume clinical and financial responsibility for benefits provided under this title and title XIX with respect to any individual who is enrolled in both the specialized MA plan and the Medicaid managed care organization. ‘‘(ii) S
USPENSION OF ENROLLMENT FOR FAIL -
URE TO MEET REQUIREMENTS DURING INITIAL  
PERIOD .—During the period of plan years 2021 through 2025, if the Secretary determines that a specialized MA plan for special needs individuals described in subsection (b)(6)(B)(ii) has failed to comply with clause (i), the Secretary may provide for the appli-cation against the Medicare Advantage orga-nization offering the plan of the remedy de-scribed in section 1857(g)(2)(B) in the same manner as the Secretary may apply such remedy, and in accordance with the same procedures as would apply, in the case of an MA organization determined by the Sec-retary to have engaged in conduct described in section 1857(g)(1). If the Secretary applies such remedy to a Medicare Advantage orga-nization under the preceding sentence, the organization shall submit to the Secretary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES760 February 7, 2018 
(at a time, and in a form and manner, speci-fied by the Secretary) information describ-ing how the plan will come into compliance with clause (i). ‘‘(E) S
TUDY AND REPORT TO CONGRESS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 15, 2022, and, subject to clause (iii), biennially thereafter through 2032, the Medicare Pay-ment Advisory Commission established under section 1805, in consultation with the Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Access Commission established under section 1900, shall conduct (and submit to the Secretary and the Committees on Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report on) a study to deter-mine how specialized MA plans for special needs individuals described in subsection (b)(6)(B)(ii) perform among each other based on data from Healthcare Effectiveness Data and Information Set (HEDIS) quality meas-ures, reported on the plan level, as required under section 1852(e)(3) (or such other meas-ures or data sources that are available and appropriate, such as encounter data and Con-sumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems data, as specified by such Com-missions as enabling an accurate evaluation under this subparagraph). Such study shall include, as feasible, the following compari-son groups of specialized MA plans for spe-cial needs individuals described in subsection (b)(6)(B)(ii): ‘‘(I) A comparison group of such plans that are described in subparagraph (D)(i)(I). ‘‘(II) A comparison group of such plans that are described in subparagraph (D)(i)(II). ‘‘(III) A comparison group of such plans op-erating within the Financial Alignment Ini-tiative demonstration for the period for which such plan is so operating and the dem-onstration is in effect, and, in the case that an integration option that is not with re-spect to specialized MA plans for special needs individuals is established after the conclusion of the demonstration involved. ‘‘(IV) A comparison group of such plans that are described in subparagraph (D)(i)(III). ‘‘(V) A comparison group of MA plans, as feasible, not described in a previous sub-clause of this clause, with respect to the per-formance of such plans for enrollees who are special needs individuals described in sub-section (b)(6)(B)(ii). ‘‘(ii) A
DDITIONAL REPORTS .—Beginning with 2033 and every five years thereafter, the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission, in consultation with the Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Access Commission, shall con-duct a study described in clause (i).’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT TO RESPON -
SIBILITIES OF FEDERAL COORDINATED HEALTH  
CARE OFFICE .—Section 2602(d) of Public Law 111–148 (42 U.S.C. 1315b(d)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(6) To act as a designated contact for States under subsection (f)(8)(A) of section 1859 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–28) with respect to the integration of specialized MA plans for special needs indi-viduals described in subsection (b)(6)(B)(ii) of such section. ‘‘(7) To be responsible, subject to the final approval of the Secretary, for developing regulations and guidance related to the im-plementation of a unified grievance and ap-peals process as described in subparagraphs (B) and (C) of section 1859(f)(8) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–28(f)(8)). ‘‘(8) To be responsible, subject to the final approval of the Secretary, for developing regulations and guidance related to the inte-gration or alignment of policy and oversight under the Medicare program under title XVIII of such Act and the Medicaid program under title XIX of such Act regarding spe-cialized MA plans for special needs individ-uals described in subsection (b)(6)(B)(ii) of such section 1859.’’. (c) IMPROVEMENTS TO SEVERE OR DISABLING  C
HRONIC CONDITION SNP S.— (1) C
ARE MANAGEMENT REQUIREMENTS .—Sec- tion 1859(f)(5) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–28(f)(5)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘
ALL SNPS .—The require-ments’’ and inserting ‘‘
ALL SNPS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the requirements’’; (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and indenting appropriately; and (C) in clause (ii), as redesignated by sub-paragraph (B), by redesignating clauses (i) through (iii) as subclauses (I) through (III), respectively, and indenting appropriately; and (D) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) I
MPROVEMENTS TO CARE MANAGEMENT  
REQUIREMENTS FOR SEVERE OR DISABLING  
CHRONIC CONDITION SNPS .—For 2020 and subse-quent years, in the case of a specialized MA plan for special needs individuals described in subsection (b)(6)(B)(iii), the requirements described in this paragraph include the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) The interdisciplinary team under sub-paragraph (A)(ii)(III) includes a team of pro-viders with demonstrated expertise, includ-ing training in an applicable specialty, in treating individuals similar to the targeted population of the plan. ‘‘(ii) Requirements developed by the Sec-retary to provide face-to-face encounters with individuals enrolled in the plan not less frequently than on an annual basis. ‘‘(iii) As part of the model of care under clause (i) of subparagraph (A), the results of the initial assessment and annual reassess-ment under clause (ii)(I) of such subpara-graph of each individual enrolled in the plan are addressed in the individual’s individual-ized care plan under clause (ii)(II) of such subparagraph. ‘‘(iv) As part of the annual evaluation and approval of such model of care, the Secretary shall take into account whether the plan ful-filled the previous year’s goals (as required under the model of care). ‘‘(v) The Secretary shall establish a min-imum benchmark for each element of the model of care of a plan. The Secretary shall only approve a plan’s model of care under this paragraph if each element of the model of care meets the minimum benchmark ap-plicable under the preceding sentence.’’. (2) R
EVISIONS TO THE DEFINITION OF A SE -
VERE OR DISABLING CHRONIC CONDITIONS SPE -
CIALIZED NEEDS INDIVIDUAL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1859(b)(6)(B)(iii) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 28(b)(6)(B)(iii)) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘who have’’ and inserting ‘‘who— ‘‘(I) before January 1, 2022, have’’; (ii) in subclause (I), as added by clause (i), by striking the period at the end and insert-ing ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following new subclause: ‘‘(II) on or after January 1, 2022, have one or more comorbid and medically complex chronic conditions that is life threatening or significantly limits overall health or func-tion, have a high risk of hospitalization or other adverse health outcomes, and require intensive care coordination and that is listed under subsection (f)(9)(A).’’. (B) P
ANEL OF CLINICAL ADVISORS .—Section 1859(f) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–28(f)), as amended by subsection (b), is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(9) LIST OF CONDITIONS FOR CLARIFICATION  
OF THE DEFINITION OF A SEVERE OR DISABLING  
CHRONIC CONDITIONS SPECIALIZED NEEDS INDI -
VIDUAL .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than Decem-ber 31, 2020, and every 5 years thereafter, sub-ject to subparagraphs (B) and (C), the Sec-retary shall convene a panel of clinical advi-sors to establish and update a list of condi-tions that meet each of the following cri-teria: ‘‘(i) Conditions that meet the definition of a severe or disabling chronic condition under subsection (b)(6)(B)(iii) on or after January 1, 2022. ‘‘(ii) Conditions that require prescription drugs, providers, and models of care that are unique to the specific population of enrollees in a specialized MA plan for special needs in-dividuals described in such subsection on or after such date and— ‘‘(I) as a result of access to, and enrollment in, such a specialized MA plan for special needs individuals, individuals with such con-dition would have a reasonable expectation of slowing or halting the progression of the disease, improving health outcomes and de-creasing overall costs for individuals diag-nosed with such condition compared to avail-able options of care other than through such a specialized MA plan for special needs indi-viduals; or ‘‘(II) have a low prevalence in the general population of beneficiaries under this title or a disproportionally high per-beneficiary cost under this title. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION OF CERTAIN CONDITIONS .— The conditions listed under subparagraph (A) shall include HIV/AIDS, end stage renal dis-ease, and chronic and disabling mental ill-ness. ‘‘(C) R
EQUIREMENT .—In establishing and updating the list under subparagraph (A), the panel shall take into account the avail-ability of varied benefits, cost-sharing, and supplemental benefits under the model de-scribed in paragraph (2) of section 1859(h), in-cluding the expansion under paragraph (1) of such section.’’. (d) Q
UALITY MEASUREMENT AT THE PLAN L
EVEL FOR SNP S AND DETERMINATION OF  F
EASABILITY OF QUALITY MEASUREMENT AT  
THEPLAN LEVEL FOR ALLMA P LANS .—Sec- tion 1853(o) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–23(o)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(6) Q
UALITY MEASUREMENT AT THE PLAN  
LEVEL FOR SNPS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the Secretary may require reporting of data under section 1852(e) for, and apply under this subsection, quality measures at the plan level for specialized MA plans for special needs individuals instead of at the contract level. ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—Prior to applying quality measurement at the plan level under this paragraph, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) take into consideration the minimum number of enrollees in a specialized MA plan for special needs individuals in order to de-termine if a statistically significant or valid measurement of quality at the plan level is possible under this paragraph; ‘‘(ii) take into consideration the impact of such application on plans that serve a dis-proportionate number of individuals dually eligible for benefits under this title and under title XIX; ‘‘(iii) if quality measures are reported at the plan level, ensure that MA plans are not required to provide duplicative information; and ‘‘(iv) ensure that such reporting does not interfere with the collection of encounter data submitted by MA organizations or the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S761 February 7, 2018 
administration of any changes to the pro-gram under this part as a result of the col-lection of such data. ‘‘(C) A
PPLICATION .—If the Secretary applies quality measurement at the plan level under this paragraph— ‘‘(i) such quality measurement may in-clude Medicare Health Outcomes Survey (HOS), Healthcare Effectiveness Data and In-formation Set (HEDIS), Consumer Assess-ment of Healthcare Providers and Systems (CAHPS) measures and quality measures under part D; and ‘‘(ii) the Secretary shall consider applying administrative actions, such as remedies de-scribed in section 1857(g)(2), at the plan level. ‘‘(7) D
ETERMINATION OF FEASIBILITY OF  
QUALITY MEASUREMENT AT THE PLAN LEVEL  
FOR ALL MA PLANS .— ‘‘(A) D
ETERMINATION OF FEASIBILITY .—The Secretary shall determine the feasibility of requiring reporting of data under section 1852(e) for, and applying under this sub-section, quality measures at the plan level for all MA plans under this part. ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATION OF CHANGE .—After making a determination under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall consider requiring such reporting and applying such quality measures at the plan level as described in such subparagraph’’. (e) GAO S
TUDY AND REPORT ON STATE - L
EVEL INTEGRATION BETWEEN DUAL SNP S 
ANDMEDICAID .— (1) S
TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States (in this subsection referred to as the ‘‘Comptroller General’’) shall conduct a study on State-level integration between specialized MA plans for special needs indi-viduals described in subsection (b)(6) (B)(ii) of section 1859 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–28) and the Medicaid program under title XIX of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.). Such study shall include an analysis of the following: (A) The characteristics of States in which the State agency responsible for admin-istering the State plan under such title XIX has a contract with such a specialized MA plan and that delivers long-term services and supports under the State plan under such title XIX through a managed care program, including the requirements under such State plan with respect to long-term services and supports. (B) The types of such specialized MA plans, which may include the following: (i) A plan described in section 1853(a)(1)(B)(iv)(II) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–23(a)(1)(B)(iv)(II)). (ii) A plan that meets the requirements de-scribed in subsection (f)(3)(D) of such section 1859. (iii) A plan described in clause (ii) that also meets additional requirements estab-lished by the State. (C) The characteristics of individuals en-rolled in such specialized MA plans. (D) As practicable, the following with re-spect to State programs for the delivery of long-term services and supports under such title XIX through a managed care program: (i) Which populations of individuals are eli-gible to receive such services and supports. (ii) Whether all such services and supports are provided on a capitated basis or if any of such services and supports are carved out and provided through fee-for service. (E) As practicable, how the availability and variation of integration arrangements of such specialized MA plans offered in States affects spending, service delivery options, ac-cess to community-based care, and utiliza-tion of care. (F) The efforts of State Medicaid programs to transition dually-eligible beneficiaries re-ceiving long-term services and supports (LTSS) from institutional settings to home and community-based settings and related financial impacts of such transitions. (G) Barriers and opportunities for making further progress on dual integration, as well as recommendations for legislation or ad-ministrative action to expedite or refine pathways toward fully integrated care. (2) REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Con-gress a report containing the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1), to-gether with recommendations for such legis-lation and administrative action as the Comptroller General determines appropriate. Subtitle C—Expanding Innovation and Technology 
SEC. 50321. ADAPTING BENEFITS TO MEET THE NEEDS OF CHRONICALLY ILL MEDI-CARE ADVANTAGE ENROLLEES. 
Section 1859 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–28) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) N
ATIONAL TESTING OF MEDICARE AD-
VANTAGE VALUE -BASED INSURANCE DESIGN  M
ODEL .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In implementing the Medicare Advantage Value-Based Insurance Design model that is being tested under sec-tion 1115A(b), the Secretary shall revise the testing of the model under such section to cover, effective not later than January 1, 2020, all States. ‘‘(2) T
ERMINATION AND MODIFICATION PROVI -
SION NOT APPLICABLE UNTIL JANUARY 1 , 2022.— The provisions of section 1115A(b)(3)(B) shall apply to the Medicare Advantage Value- Based Insurance Design model, including such model as revised under paragraph (1), beginning January 1, 2022, but shall not apply to such model, as so revised, prior to such date. ‘‘(3) F
UNDING .—The Secretary shall allo-cate funds made available under section 1115A(f)(1) to design, implement, and evalu-ate the Medicare Advantage Value-Based In-surance Design model, as revised under para-graph (1).’’. 
SEC. 50322. EXPANDING SUPPLEMENTAL BENE-FITS TO MEET THE NEEDS OF CHRONICALLY ILL MEDICARE AD-VANTAGE ENROLLEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1852(a)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–22(a)(3)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Each’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subparagraph (D), each’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) E
XPANDING SUPPLEMENTAL BENEFITS  
TO MEET THE NEEDS OF CHRONICALLY ILL EN -
ROLLEES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For plan year 2020 and subsequent plan years, in addition to any supplemental health care benefits otherwise provided under this paragraph, an MA plan, including a specialized MA plan for special needs individuals (as defined in section 1859(b)(6)), may provide supplemental bene-fits described in clause (ii) to a chronically ill enrollee (as defined in clause (iii)). ‘‘(ii) S
UPPLEMENTAL BENEFITS DESCRIBED .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Supplemental benefits described in this clause are supplemental benefits that, with respect to a chronically ill enrollee, have a reasonable expectation of improving or maintaining the health or over-all function of the chronically ill enrollee and may not be limited to being primarily health related benefits. ‘‘(II) A
UTHORITY TO WAIVE UNIFORMITY RE -
QUIREMENTS .—The Secretary may, only with respect to supplemental benefits provided to a chronically ill enrollee under this subpara-graph, waive the uniformity requirements under this part, as determined appropriate by the Secretary. ‘‘(iii) CHRONICALLY ILL ENROLLEE DE -
FINED .—In this subparagraph, the term ‘chronically ill enrollee’ means an enrollee in an MA plan that the Secretary deter-mines— ‘‘(I) has one or more comorbid and medi-cally complex chronic conditions that is life threatening or significantly limits the over-all health or function of the enrollee; ‘‘(II) has a high risk of hospitalization or other adverse health outcomes; and ‘‘(III) requires intensive care coordina-tion.’’. (b) GAO S
TUDY AND REPORT .— (1) S
TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States (in this subsection referred to as the ‘‘Comptroller General’’) shall conduct a study on supplemental benefits provided to enrollees in Medicare Advantage plans under part C of title XVIII of the Social Security Act, including specialized MA plans for spe-cial needs individuals (as defined in section 1859(b)(6) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 28(b)(6))). To the extend data are available, such study shall include an analysis of the following: (A) The type of supplemental benefits pro-vided to such enrollees, the total number of enrollees receiving each supplemental ben-efit, and whether the supplemental benefit is covered by the standard benchmark cost of the benefit or with an additional premium. (B) The frequency in which supplemental benefits are utilized by such enrollees. (C) The impact supplemental benefits have on— (i) indicators of the quality of care re-ceived by such enrollees, including overall health and function of the enrollees; (ii) the utilization of items and services for which benefits are available under the origi-nal Medicare fee-for-service program option under parts A and B of such title XVIII by such enrollees; and (iii) the amount of the bids submitted by Medicare Advantage Organizations for Medi-care Advantage plans under such part C. (2) C
ONSULTATION .—In conducting the study under paragraph (1), the Comptroller General shall, as necessary, consult with the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services and Medicare Advantage organizations offer-ing Medicare Advantage plans. (3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Con-gress a report containing the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1), to-gether with recommendations for such legis-lation and administrative action as the Comptroller General determines appropriate. 
SEC. 50323. INCREASING CONVENIENCE FOR MEDICARE ADVANTAGE ENROLLEES THROUGH TELEHEALTH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1852 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–22) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a)(1)(B)(i), by inserting ‘‘, subject to subsection (m),’’ after ‘‘means’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(m) P
ROVISION OF ADDITIONAL TELEHEALTH  B
ENEFITS .— ‘‘(1) MA 
PLAN OPTION .—For plan year 2020 and subsequent plan years, subject to the re-quirements of paragraph (3), an MA plan may provide additional telehealth benefits (as de-fined in paragraph (2)) to individuals en-rolled under this part. ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL TELEHEALTH BENEFITS DE -
FINED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section and section 1854: ‘‘(i) D
EFINITION .—The term ‘additional tele-health benefits’ means services— ‘‘(I) for which benefits are available under part B, including services for which payment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES762 February 7, 2018 
is not made under section 1834(m) due to the conditions for payment under such section; and ‘‘(II) that are identified for such year as clinically appropriate to furnish using elec-tronic information and telecommunications technology when a physician (as defined in section 1861(r)) or practitioner (described in section 1842(b)(18)(C)) providing the service is not at the same location as the plan en-rollee. ‘‘(ii) E
XCLUSION OF CAPITAL AND INFRA -
STRUCTURE COSTS AND INVESTMENTS .—The term ‘additional telehealth benefits’ does not include capital and infrastructure costs and investments relating to such benefits. ‘‘(B) P
UBLIC COMMENT .—Not later than No-vember 30, 2018, the Secretary shall solicit comments on— ‘‘(i) what types of items and services (in-cluding those provided through supplemental health care benefits, such as remote patient monitoring, secure messaging, store and for-ward technologies, and other non-face-to- face communication) should be considered to be additional telehealth benefits; and ‘‘(ii) the requirements for the provision or furnishing of such benefits (such as training and coordination requirements). ‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR ADDITIONAL TELE -
HEALTH BENEFITS .—The Secretary shall specify requirements for the provision or fur-nishing of additional telehealth benefits, in-cluding with respect to the following: ‘‘(A) Physician or practitioner qualifica-tions (other than licensure) and other re-quirements such as specific training. ‘‘(B) Factors necessary for the coordina-tion of such benefits with other items and services including those furnished in-person. ‘‘(C) Such other areas as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(4) E
NROLLEE CHOICE .—If an MA plan pro-vides a service as an additional telehealth benefit (as defined in paragraph (2))— ‘‘(A) the MA plan shall also provide access to such benefit through an in-person visit (and not only as an additional telehealth benefit); and ‘‘(B) an individual enrollee shall have dis-cretion as to whether to receive such service through the in-person visit or as an addi-tional telehealth benefit. ‘‘(5) T
REATMENT UNDER MA .—For purposes of this subsection and section 1854, if a plan provides additional telehealth benefits, such additional telehealth benefits shall be treat-ed as if they were benefits under the original Medicare fee-for-service program option. ‘‘(6) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sub-section shall be construed as affecting the requirement under subsection (a)(1) that MA plans provide enrollees with items and serv-ices (other than hospice care) for which bene-fits are available under parts A and B, in-cluding benefits available under section 1834(m).’’. (b) C
LARIFICATION REGARDING INCLUSION IN  B
IDAMOUNT .—Section 1854(a)(6)(A)(ii)(I) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 24(a)(6)(A)(ii)(I)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, including, for plan year 2020 and subsequent plan years, the provision of additional tele-health benefits as described in section 1852(m)’’ before the semicolon at the end. 
SEC. 50324. PROVIDING ACCOUNTABLE CARE OR-GANIZATIONS THE ABILITY TO EX-PAND THE USE OF TELEHEALTH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1899 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395jjj) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(l) P
ROVIDING ACO S THE ABILITY TOEX-
PAND THE USE OF TELEHEALTH SERVICES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of telehealth services for which payment would otherwise be made under this title furnished on or after January 1, 2020, for purposes of this sub-section only, the following shall apply with respect to such services furnished by a physi-cian or practitioner participating in an ap-plicable ACO (as defined in paragraph (2)) to a Medicare fee-for-service beneficiary as-signed to the applicable ACO: ‘‘(A) INCLUSION OF HOME AS ORIGINATING  
SITE.—Subject to paragraph (3), the home of a beneficiary shall be treated as an origi-nating site described in section 1834(m)(4)(C)(ii). ‘‘(B) N
O APPLICATION OF GEOGRAPHIC LIMITA -
TION.—The geographic limitation under sec-tion 1834(m)(4)(C)(i) shall not apply with re-spect to an originating site described in sec-tion 1834(m)(4)(C)(ii) (including the home of a beneficiary under subparagraph (A)), subject to State licensing requirements. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) A
PPLICABLE ACO .—The term ‘applica-ble ACO’ means an ACO participating in a model tested or expanded under section 1115A or under this section— ‘‘(i) that operates under a two-sided model— ‘‘(I) described in section 425.600(a) of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations; or ‘‘(II) tested or expanded under section 1115A; and ‘‘(ii) for which Medicare fee-for-service beneficiaries are assigned to the ACO using a prospective assignment method, as deter-mined appropriate by the Secretary. ‘‘(B) H
OME.—The term ‘home’ means, with respect to a Medicare fee-for-service bene-ficiary, the place of residence used as the home of the beneficiary. ‘‘(3) T
ELEHEALTH SERVICES RECEIVED IN THE  
HOME .—In the case of telehealth services de-scribed in paragraph (1) where the home of a Medicare fee-for-service beneficiary is the originating site, the following shall apply: ‘‘(A) N
O FACILITY FEE .—There shall be no facility fee paid to the originating site under section 1834(m)(2)(B). ‘‘(B) E
XCLUSION OF CERTAIN SERVICES .—No payment may be made for such services that are inappropriate to furnish in the home set-ting such as services that are typically fur-nished in inpatient settings such as a hos-pital.’’. (b) S
TUDY AND REPORT .— (1) S
TUDY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services (in this subsection re-ferred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall conduct a study on the implementation of section 1899(l) of the Social Security Act, as added by subsection (a). Such study shall include an analysis of the utilization of, and expendi-tures for, telehealth services under such sec-tion. (B) C
OLLECTION OF DATA .—The Secretary may collect such data as the Secretary de-termines necessary to carry out the study under this paragraph. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than January 1, 2026, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report containing the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1), together with recommendations for such legislation and administrative action as the Secretary de-termines appropriate. 
SEC. 50325. EXPANDING THE USE OF TELE-HEALTH FOR INDIVIDUALS WITH STROKE. 
Section 1834(m) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(m)), as amended by section 50302(b)(1), is amended— (1) in paragraph (4)(C)(i), in the matter pre-ceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘The term’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in para-graph (6), the term’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) T
REATMENT OF STROKE TELEHEALTH  
SERVICES .— ‘‘(A) NON-APPLICATION OF ORIGINATING SITE  
REQUIREMENTS .—The requirements described in paragraph (4)(C) shall not apply with re-spect to telehealth services furnished on or after January 1, 2019, for purposes of diag-nosis, evaluation, or treatment of symptoms of an acute stroke, as determined by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION OF CERTAIN SITES .—With re- spect to telehealth services described in sub-paragraph (A), the term ‘originating site’ shall include any hospital (as defined in sec-tion 1861(e)) or critical access hospital (as de-fined in section 1861(mm)(1)), any mobile stroke unit (as defined by the Secretary), or any other site determined appropriate by the Secretary, at which the eligible telehealth individual is located at the time the service is furnished via a telecommunications sys-tem. ‘‘(C) N
O ORIGINATING SITE FACILITY FEE FOR  
NEW SITES .—No facility fee shall be paid under paragraph (2)(B) to an originating site with respect to a telehealth service described in subparagraph (A) if the originating site does not otherwise meet the requirements for an originating site under paragraph (4)(C).’’. Subtitle D—Identifying the Chronically Ill Population 
SEC. 50331. PROVIDING FLEXIBILITY FOR BENE-FICIARIES TO BE PART OF AN AC-COUNTABLE CARE ORGANIZATION. 
Section 1899(c) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395jjj(c)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (2) by striking ‘‘ACO
S.—The Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘ACO
S.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) P
ROVIDING FLEXIBILITY .— ‘‘(A) C
HOICE OF PROSPECTIVE ASSIGNMENT .— For each agreement period (effective for agreements entered into or renewed on or after January 1, 2020), in the case where an ACO established under the program is in a Track that provides for the retrospective as-signment of Medicare fee-for-service bene-ficiaries to the ACO, the Secretary shall per-mit the ACO to choose to have Medicare fee- for-service beneficiaries assigned prospec-tively, rather than retrospectively, to the ACO for an agreement period. ‘‘(B) A
SSIGNMENT BASED ON VOLUNTARY  
IDENTIFICATION BY MEDICARE FEE -FOR-SERVICE  
BENEFICIARIES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For performance year 2018 and each subsequent performance year, if a system is available for electronic des-ignation, the Secretary shall permit a Medi-care fee-for-service beneficiary to volun-tarily identify an ACO professional as the primary care provider of the beneficiary for purposes of assigning such beneficiary to an ACO, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(ii) N
OTIFICATION PROCESS .—The Sec-retary shall establish a process under which a Medicare fee-for-service beneficiary is— ‘‘(I) notified of their ability to make an identification described in clause (i); and ‘‘(II) informed of the process by which they may make and change such identification. ‘‘(iii) S
UPERSEDING CLAIMS -BASED ASSIGN -
MENT .—A voluntary identification by a Medi-care fee-for-service beneficiary under this subparagraph shall supersede any claims- based assignment otherwise determined by the Secretary.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S763 February 7, 2018 
Subtitle E—Empowering Individuals and Caregivers in Care Delivery 
SEC. 50341. ELIMINATING BARRIERS TO CARE CO-ORDINATION UNDER ACCOUNTABLE CARE ORGANIZATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1899 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395jjj), as amended by section 50324(a), is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(2), by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(I) An ACO that seeks to operate an ACO Beneficiary Incentive Program pursuant to subsection (m) shall apply to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and with such information as the Secretary may require.’’; (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(m) A
UTHORITY TOPROVIDE INCENTIVE  P
AYMENTS TO BENEFICIARIES WITHRESPECT  
TOQUALIFYING PRIMARY CARESERVICES .— ‘‘(1) P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In order to encourage Medicare fee-for-service beneficiaries to ob-tain medically necessary primary care serv-ices, an ACO participating under this section under a payment model described in clause (i) or (ii) of paragraph (2)(B) may apply to es-tablish an ACO Beneficiary Incentive Pro-gram to provide incentive payments to such beneficiaries who are furnished qualifying services in accordance with this subsection. The Secretary shall permit such an ACO to establish such a program at the Secretary’s discretion and subject to such requirements, including program integrity requirements, as the Secretary determines necessary. ‘‘(B) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall implement this subsection on a date de-termined appropriate by the Secretary. Such date shall be no earlier than January 1, 2019, and no later than January 1, 2020. ‘‘(2) C
ONDUCT OF PROGRAM .— ‘‘(A) D
URATION .—Subject to subparagraph (H), an ACO Beneficiary Incentive Program established under this subsection shall be conducted for such period (of not less than 1 year) as the Secretary may approve. ‘‘(B) S
COPE.—An ACO Beneficiary Incentive Program established under this subsection shall provide incentive payments to all of the following Medicare fee-for-service bene-ficiaries who are furnished qualifying serv-ices by the ACO: ‘‘(i) With respect to the Track 2 and Track 3 payment models described in section 425.600(a) of title 42, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or in any successor regulation), Medi-care fee-for-service beneficiaries who are pre-liminarily prospectively or prospectively as-signed (or otherwise assigned, as determined by the Secretary) to the ACO. ‘‘(ii) With respect to any future payment models involving two-sided risk, Medicare fee-for-service beneficiaries who are assigned to the ACO, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(C) Q
UALIFYING SERVICE .—For purposes of this subsection, a qualifying service is a pri-mary care service, as defined in section 425.20 of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations (or in any successor regulation), with respect to which coinsurance applies under part B, fur-nished through an ACO by— ‘‘(i) an ACO professional described in sub-section (h)(1)(A) who has a primary care spe-cialty designation included in the definition of primary care physician under section 425.20 of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulation); ‘‘(ii) an ACO professional described in sub-section (h)(1)(B); or ‘‘(iii) a Federally qualified health center or rural health clinic (as such terms are defined in section 1861(aa)). ‘‘(D) I
NCENTIVE PAYMENTS .—An incentive payment made by an ACO pursuant to an ACO Beneficiary Incentive Program estab-lished under this subsection shall be— ‘‘(i) in an amount up to $20, with such max-imum amount updated annually by the per-centage increase in the consumer price index for all urban consumers (United States city average) for the 12-month period ending with June of the previous year; ‘‘(ii) in the same amount for each Medicare fee-for-service beneficiary described in clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (B) without regard to enrollment of such a beneficiary in a medicare supplemental policy (described in section 1882(g)(1)), in a State Medicaid plan under title XIX or a waiver of such a plan, or in any other health insurance policy or health benefit plan; ‘‘(iii) made for each qualifying service fur-nished to such a beneficiary described in clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (B) during a period specified by the Secretary; and ‘‘(iv) made no later than 30 days after a qualifying service is furnished to such a ben-eficiary described in clause (i) or (ii) of sub-paragraph (B). ‘‘(E) NO SEPARATE PAYMENTS FROM THE SEC -
RETARY .—The Secretary shall not make any separate payment to an ACO for the costs, including incentive payments, of carrying out an ACO Beneficiary Incentive Program established under this subsection. Nothing in this subparagraph shall be construed as pro-hibiting an ACO from using shared savings received under this section to carry out an ACO Beneficiary Incentive Program. ‘‘(F) N
O APPLICATION TO SHARED SAVINGS  
CALCULATION .—Incentive payments made by an ACO under this subsection shall be dis-regarded for purposes of calculating bench-marks, estimated average per capita Medi-care expenditures, and shared savings under this section. ‘‘(G) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—An ACO conducting an ACO Beneficiary Incentive Program under this subsection shall, at such times and in such format as the Secretary may require, report to the Secretary such in-formation and retain such documentation as the Secretary may require, including the amount and frequency of incentive payments made and the number of Medicare fee-for- service beneficiaries receiving such pay-ments. ‘‘(H) T
ERMINATION .—The Secretary may terminate an ACO Beneficiary Incentive Pro-gram established under this subsection at any time for reasons determined appropriate by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) E
XCLUSION OF INCENTIVE PAYMENTS .— Any payment made under an ACO Bene-ficiary Incentive Program established under this subsection shall not be considered in-come or resources or otherwise taken into account for purposes of— ‘‘(A) determining eligibility for benefits or assistance (or the amount or extent of bene-fits or assistance) under any Federal pro-gram or under any State or local program fi-nanced in whole or in part with Federal funds; or ‘‘(B) any Federal or State laws relating to taxation.’’; (3) in subsection (e), by inserting ‘‘, includ-ing an ACO Beneficiary Incentive Program under subsections (b)(2)(I) and (m)’’ after ‘‘the program’’; and (4) in subsection (g)(6), by inserting ‘‘or of an ACO Beneficiary Incentive Program under subsections (b)(2)(I) and (m)’’ after ‘‘under subsection (d)(4)’’. (b) A
MENDMENT TO SECTION 1128B.—Section 1128B(b)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7b(b)(3)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subpara-graph (I); (2) by striking the period at the end of sub-paragraph (J) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(K) an incentive payment made to a Medi-care fee-for-service beneficiary by an ACO under an ACO Beneficiary Incentive Program established under subsection (m) of section 1899, if the payment is made in accordance with the requirements of such subsection and meets such other conditions as the Sec-retary may establish.’’. (c) EVALUATION AND REPORT .— (1) E
VALUATION .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services (in this subsection re-ferred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall conduct an evaluation of the ACO Beneficiary Incen-tive Program established under subsections (b)(2)(I) and (m) of section 1899 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395jjj), as added by subsection (a). The evaluation shall include an analysis of the impact of the implementa-tion of the Program on expenditures and beneficiary health outcomes under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.). (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than October 1, 2023, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a re-port containing the results of the evaluation under paragraph (1), together with rec-ommendations for such legislation and ad-ministrative action as the Secretary deter-mines appropriate. 
SEC. 50342. GAO STUDY AND REPORT ON LONGI-TUDINAL COMPREHENSIVE CARE PLANNING SERVICES UNDER MEDI-CARE PART B. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General shall conduct a study on the establishment under part B of the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act of a pay-ment code for a visit for longitudinal com-prehensive care planning services. Such study shall include an analysis of the fol-lowing to the extent such information is available: (1) The frequency with which services simi-lar to longitudinal comprehensive care plan-ning services are furnished to Medicare bene-ficiaries, which providers of services and sup-pliers are furnishing those services, whether Medicare reimbursement is being received for those services, and, if so, through which codes those services are being reimbursed. (2) Whether, and the extent to which, lon-gitudinal comprehensive care planning serv-ices would overlap, and could therefore re-sult in duplicative payment, with services covered under the hospice benefit as well as the chronic care management code, evalua-tion and management codes, or other codes that already exist under part B of the Medi-care program. (3) Any barriers to hospitals, skilled nurs-ing facilities, hospice programs, home health agencies, and other applicable providers working with a Medicare beneficiary to en-gage in the care planning process and com-plete the necessary documentation to sup-port the treatment and care plan of the bene-ficiary and provide such documentation to other providers and the beneficiary or the beneficiary’s representative. (4) Any barriers to providers, other than the provider furnishing longitudinal com-prehensive care planning services, accessing the care plan and associated documentation for use related to the care of the Medicare beneficiary. (5) Potential options for ensuring that ap-plicable providers are notified of a patient’s existing longitudinal care plan and that ap-plicable providers consider that plan in mak-ing their treatment decisions, and what the challenges might be in implementing such options. (6) Stakeholder’s views on the need for the development of quality metrics with respect to longitudinal comprehensive care planning services, such as measures related to— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES764 February 7, 2018 
(A) the process of eliciting input from the Medicare beneficiary or from a legally au-thorized representative and documenting in the medical record the patient-directed care plan; (B) the effectiveness and patient- centeredness of the care plan in organizing delivery of services consistent with the plan; (C) the availability of the care plan and as-sociated documentation to other providers that care for the beneficiary; and (D) the extent to which the beneficiary re-ceived services and support that is free from discrimination based on advanced age, dis-ability status, or advanced illness. (7) Stakeholder’s views on how such qual-ity metrics would provide information on— (A) the goals, values, and preferences of the beneficiary; (B) the documentation of the care plan; (C) services furnished to the beneficiary; and (D) outcomes of treatment. (8) Stakeholder’s views on— (A) the type of training and education needed for applicable providers, individuals, and caregivers in order to facilitate longitu-dinal comprehensive care planning services; (B) the types of providers of services and suppliers that should be included in the interdisciplinary team of an applicable pro-vider; and (C) the characteristics of Medicare bene-ficiaries that would be most appropriate to receive longitudinal comprehensive care planning services, such as individuals with advanced disease and individuals who need assistance with multiple activities of daily living. (9) Stakeholder’s views on the frequency with which longitudinal comprehensive care planning services should be furnished. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report containing the results of the study conducted under subsection (a), to-gether with recommendations for such legis-lation and administrative action as the Comptroller General determines appropriate. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPLICABLE PROVIDER .—The term ‘‘ap-plicable provider’’ means a hospice program (as defined in subsection (dd)(2) of section 1861 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww)) or other provider of services (as de-fined in subsection (u) of such section) or supplier (as defined in subsection (d) of such section) that— (A) furnishes longitudinal comprehensive care planning services through an inter-disciplinary team; and (B) meets such other requirements as the Secretary may determine to be appropriate. (2) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL .—The term ‘‘Comptroller General’’ means the Comp-troller General of the United States. (3) I
NTERDISCIPLINARY TEAM .—The term ‘‘interdisciplinary team’’ means a group that— (A) includes the personnel described in sub-section (dd)(2)(B)(i) of such section 1861; (B) may include a chaplain, minister, or other clergy; and (C) may include other direct care per-sonnel. (4) L
ONGITUDINAL COMPREHENSIVE CARE  
PLANNING SERVICES .—The term ‘‘longitudinal comprehensive care planning services’’ means a voluntary shared decisionmaking process that is furnished by an applicable provider through an interdisciplinary team and includes a conversation with Medicare beneficiaries who have received a diagnosis of a serious or life-threatening illness. The purpose of such services is to discuss a longi-tudinal care plan that addresses the progres-sion of the disease, treatment options, the goals, values, and preferences of the bene-ficiary, and the availability of other re-sources and social supports that may reduce the beneficiary’s health risks and promote self-management and shared decision-making. (5) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Health and Human Services. Subtitle F—Other Policies to Improve Care for the Chronically Ill 
SEC. 50351. GAO STUDY AND REPORT ON IMPROV-ING MEDICATION SYNCHRONI-ZATION. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Comptroller General’’) shall conduct a study on the extent to which Medicare pre-scription drug plans (MA–PD plans and stand alone prescription drug plans) under part D of title XVIII of the Social Security Act and private payors use programs that syn-chronize pharmacy dispensing so that indi-viduals may receive multiple prescriptions on the same day to facilitate comprehensive counseling and promote medication adher-ence. The study shall include a analysis of the following: (1) The extent to which pharmacies have adopted such programs. (2) The common characteristics of such programs, including how pharmacies struc-ture counseling sessions under such pro-grams and the types of payment and other arrangements that Medicare prescription drug plans and private payors employ under such programs to support the efforts of phar-macies. (3) How such programs compare for Medi-care prescription drug plans and private payors. (4) What is known about how such pro-grams affect patient medication adherence and overall patient health outcomes, includ-ing if adherence and outcomes vary by pa-tient subpopulations, such as disease state and socioeconomic status. (5) What is known about overall patient satisfaction with such programs and satis-faction with such programs, including within patient subpopulations, such as disease state and socioeconomic status. (6) The extent to which laws and regula-tions of the Medicare program support such programs. (7) Barriers to the use of medication syn-chronization programs by Medicare prescrip-tion drug plans. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report containing the results of the study under subsection (a), together with recommendations for such legislation and administrative action as the Comptroller General determines appropriate. 
SEC. 50352. GAO STUDY AND REPORT ON IMPACT OF OBESITY DRUGS ON PATIENT HEALTH AND SPENDING. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Comptroller General’’) shall, to the extent data are available, conduct a study on the use of prescription drugs to manage the weight of obese patients and the impact of coverage of such drugs on patient health and on health care spending. Such study shall ex-amine the use and impact of these obesity drugs in the non-Medicare population and for Medicare beneficiaries who have such drugs covered through an MA–PD plan (as defined in section 1860D–1(a)(3)(C) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–101(a)(3)(C))) as a supplemental health care benefit. The study shall include an analysis of the following: (1) The prevalence of obesity in the Medi-care and non-Medicare population. (2) The utilization of obesity drugs. (3) The distribution of Body Mass Index by individuals taking obesity drugs, to the ex-tent practicable. (4) What is known about the use of obesity drugs in conjunction with the receipt of other items or services, such as behavioral counseling, and how these compare to items and services received by obese individuals who do not take obesity drugs. (5) Physician considerations and attitudes related to prescribing obesity drugs. (6) The extent to which coverage policies cease or limit coverage for individuals who fail to receive clinical benefit. (7) What is known about the extent to which individuals who take obesity drugs ad-here to the prescribed regimen. (8) What is known about the extent to which individuals who take obesity drugs maintain weight loss over time. (9) What is known about the subsequent impact such drugs have on medical services that are directly related to obesity, includ-ing with respect to subpopulations deter-mined based on the extent of obesity. (10) What is known about the spending as-sociated with the care of individuals who take obesity drugs, compared to the spend-ing associated with the care of individuals who do not take such drugs. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report containing the results of the study under subsection (a), together with recommendations for such legislation and administrative action as the Comptroller General determines appropriate. 
SEC. 50353. HHS STUDY AND REPORT ON LONG- TERM RISK FACTORS FOR CHRONIC CONDITIONS AMONG MEDICARE BENEFICIARIES. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall conduct a study on long-term cost drivers to the Medicare pro-gram, including obesity, tobacco use, mental health conditions, and other factors that may contribute to the deterioration of health conditions among individuals with chronic conditions in the Medicare popu-lation. The study shall include an analysis of any barriers to collecting and analyzing such information and how to remove any such barriers (including through legislation and administrative actions). (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a re-port containing the results of the study under subsection (a), together with rec-ommendations for such legislation and ad-ministrative action as the Secretary deter-mines appropriate. The Secretary shall also post such report on the Internet website of the Department of Health and Human Serv-ices. 
SEC. 50354. PROVIDING PRESCRIPTION DRUG PLANS WITH PARTS A AND B CLAIMS DATA TO PROMOTE THE APPRO-PRIATE USE OF MEDICATIONS AND IMPROVE HEALTH OUTCOMES. 
Section 1860D–4(c) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–104(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(6) P
ROVIDING PRESCRIPTION DRUG PLANS  
WITH PARTS A AND B CLAIMS DATA TO PROMOTE  
THE APPROPRIATE USE OF MEDICATIONS AND IM -
PROVE HEALTH OUTCOMES .— ‘‘(A) P
ROCESS .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall establish a process under which a PDP sponsor of a prescription drug plan may submit a request for the Sec-retary to provide the sponsor, on a periodic basis and in an electronic format, beginning in plan year 2020, data described in subpara-graph (D) with respect to enrollees in such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S765 February 7, 2018 
plan. Such data shall be provided without re-gard to whether such enrollees are described in clause (ii) of paragraph (2)(A). ‘‘(B) P
URPOSES .—A PDP sponsor may use the data provided to the sponsor pursuant to subparagraph (A) for any of the following purposes: ‘‘(i) To optimize therapeutic outcomes through improved medication use, as such phrase is used in clause (i) of paragraph (2)(A). ‘‘(ii) To improving care coordination so as to prevent adverse health outcomes, such as preventable emergency department visits and hospital readmissions. ‘‘(iii) For any other purpose determined ap-propriate by the Secretary. ‘‘(C) L
IMITATIONS ON DATA USE .—A PDP sponsor shall not use data provided to the sponsor pursuant to subparagraph (A) for any of the following purposes: ‘‘(i) To inform coverage determinations under this part. ‘‘(ii) To conduct retroactive reviews of medically accepted indications determina-tions. ‘‘(iii) To facilitate enrollment changes to a different prescription drug plan or an MA– PD plan offered by the same parent organiza-tion. ‘‘(iv) To inform marketing of benefits. ‘‘(v) For any other purpose that the Sec-retary determines is necessary to include in order to protect the identity of individuals entitled to, or enrolled for, benefits under this title and to protect the security of per-sonal health information. ‘‘(D) D
ATA DESCRIBED .—The data described in this clause are standardized extracts (as determined by the Secretary) of claims data under parts A and B for items and services furnished under such parts for time periods specified by the Secretary. Such data shall include data as current as practicable.’’. TITLE IV—PART B IMPROVEMENT ACT AND OTHER PART B ENHANCEMENTS Subtitle A—Medicare Part B Improvement Act 
SEC. 50401. HOME INFUSION THERAPY SERVICES TEMPORARY TRANSITIONAL PAY-MENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1834(u) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(u)) is amended, by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) H
OME INFUSION THERAPY SERVICES TEM -
PORARY TRANSITIONAL PAYMENT .— ‘‘(A) T
EMPORARY TRANSITIONAL PAYMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, in accordance with the payment methodology described in subparagraph (B) and subject to the provisions of this paragraph, provide a home infusion therapy services temporary transitional payment under this part to an eligible home infusion supplier (as defined in subparagraph (F)) for items and services de-scribed in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of sec-tion 1861(iii)(2)) furnished during the period specified in clause (ii) by such supplier in co-ordination with the furnishing of transi-tional home infusion drugs (as defined in clause (iii)). ‘‘(ii) P
ERIOD SPECIFIED .—For purposes of clause (i), the period specified in this clause is the period beginning on January 1, 2019, and ending on the day before the date of the implementation of the payment system under paragraph (1)(A). ‘‘(iii) T
RANSITIONAL HOME INFUSION DRUG  
DEFINED .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘transitional home infusion drug’ has the meaning given to the term ‘home in-fusion drug’ under section 1861(iii)(3)(C)), ex-cept that clause (ii) of such section shall not apply if a drug described in such clause is identified in clauses (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) of subparagraph (C) as of the date of the enact-ment of this paragraph. ‘‘(B) PAYMENT METHODOLOGY .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the Secretary shall establish a payment methodology, with re-spect to items and services described in sub-paragraph (A)(i). Under such payment meth-odology the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) create the three payment categories described in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of sub-paragraph (C); ‘‘(ii) assign drugs to such categories, in ac-cordance with such clauses; ‘‘(iii) assign appropriate Healthcare Com-mon Procedure Coding System (HCPCS) codes to each payment category; and ‘‘(iv) establish a single payment amount for each such payment category, in accord-ance with subparagraph (D), for each infu-sion drug administration calendar day in the individual’s home for drugs assigned to such category. ‘‘(C) P
AYMENT CATEGORIES .— ‘‘(i) P
AYMENT CATEGORY 1 .—The Secretary shall create a payment category 1 and assign to such category drugs which are covered under the Local Coverage Determination on External Infusion Pumps (LCD number L33794) and billed with the following HCPCS codes (as identified as of January 1, 2018, and as subsequently modified by the Secretary): J0133, J0285, J0287, J0288, J0289, J0895, J1170, J1250, J1265, J1325, J1455, J1457, J1570, J2175, J2260, J2270, J2274, J2278, J3010, or J3285. ‘‘(ii) P
AYMENT CATEGORY 2 .—The Secretary shall create a payment category 2 and assign to such category drugs which are covered under such local coverage determination and billed with the following HCPCS codes (as identified as of January 1, 2018, and as subse-quently modified by the Secretary): J1555 JB, J1559 JB, J1561 JB, J1562 JB, J1569 JB, or J1575 JB. ‘‘(iii) P
AYMENT CATEGORY 3 .—The Secretary shall create a payment category 3 and assign to such category drugs which are covered under such local coverage determination and billed with the following HCPCS codes (as identified as of January 1, 2018, and as subse-quently modified by the Secretary): J9000, J9039, J9040, J9065, J9100, J9190, J9200, J9360, or J9370. ‘‘(iv) I
NFUSION DRUGS NOT OTHERWISE IN -
CLUDED .—With respect to drugs that are not included in payment category 1, 2, or 3 under clause (i), (ii), or (iii), respectively, the Sec-retary shall assign to the most appropriate of such categories, as determined by the Sec-retary, drugs which are— ‘‘(I) covered under such local coverage de-termination and billed under HCPCS codes J7799 or J7999 (as identified as of July 1, 2017, and as subsequently modified by the Sec-retary); or ‘‘(II) billed under any code that is imple-mented after the date of the enactment of this paragraph and included in such local coverage determination or included in sub-regulatory guidance as a home infusion drug described in subparagraph (A)(i). ‘‘(D) P
AYMENT AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Under the payment methodology, the Secretary shall pay eligi-ble home infusion suppliers, with respect to items and services described in subparagraph (A)(i) furnished during the period described in subparagraph (A)(ii) by such supplier to an individual, at amounts equal to the amounts determined under the physician fee schedule established under section 1848 for services furnished during the year for codes and units of such codes described in clauses (ii), (iii), and (iv) with respect to drugs in-cluded in the payment category under sub-paragraph (C) specified in the respective clause, determined without application of the geographic adjustment under subsection (e) of such section. ‘‘(ii) P
AYMENT AMOUNT FOR CATEGORY 1 .— For purposes of clause (i), the codes and units described in this clause, with respect to drugs included in payment category 1 de-scribed in subparagraph (C)(i), are one unit of HCPCS code 96365 plus three units of HCPCS code 96366 (as identified as of Janu-ary 1, 2018, and as subsequently modified by the Secretary). ‘‘(iii) PAYMENT AMOUNT FOR CATEGORY 2 .— For purposes of clause (i), the codes and units described in this clause, with respect to drugs included in payment category 2 de-scribed in subparagraph (C)(i), are one unit of HCPCS code 96369 plus three units of HCPCS code 96370 (as identified as of Janu-ary 1, 2018, and as subsequently modified by the Secretary). ‘‘(iv) P
AYMENT AMOUNT FOR CATEGORY 3 .— For purposes of clause (i), the codes and units described in this clause, with respect to drugs included in payment category 3 de-scribed in subparagraph (C)(i), are one unit of HCPCS code 96413 plus three units of HCPCS code 96415 (as identified as of Janu-ary 1, 2018, and as subsequently modified by the Secretary). ‘‘(E) C
LARIFICATIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
NFUSION DRUG ADMINISTRATION DAY .— For purposes of this subsection, with respect to the furnishing of transitional home infu-sion drugs or home infusion drugs to an indi-vidual by an eligible home infusion supplier or a qualified home infusion therapy sup-plier, a reference to payment to such sup-plier for an infusion drug administration cal-endar day in the individual’s home shall refer to payment only for the date on which professional services (as described in section 1861(iii)(2)(A)) were furnished to administer such drugs to such individual. For purposes of the previous sentence, an infusion drug administration calendar day shall include all such drugs administered to such individual on such day. ‘‘(ii) T
REATMENT OF MULTIPLE DRUGS ADMIN -
ISTERED ON SAME INFUSION DRUG ADMINISTRA -
TION DAY .—In the case that an eligible home infusion supplier, with respect to an infusion drug administration calendar day in an indi-vidual’s home, furnishes to such individual transitional home infusion drugs which are not all assigned to the same payment cat-egory under subparagraph (C), payment to such supplier for such infusion drug adminis-tration calendar day in the individual’s home shall be a single payment equal to the amount of payment under this paragraph for the drug, among all such drugs so furnished to such individual during such calendar day, for which the highest payment would be made under this paragraph. ‘‘(F) E
LIGIBLE HOME INFUSION SUPPLIERS .— In this paragraph, the term ‘eligible home infusion supplier’ means a supplier that is enrolled under this part as a pharmacy that provides external infusion pumps and exter-nal infusion pump supplies and that main-tains all pharmacy licensure requirements in the State in which the applicable infusion drugs are administered. ‘‘(G) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary may implement this paragraph by program instruction or otherwise.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—(1) Section 1842(b)(6)(I) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395u(b)(6)(I)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or, in the case of items and services de-scribed in clause (i) of section 1834(u)(7)(A) furnished to an individual during the period described in clause (ii) of such section, pay-ment shall be made to the eligible home in-fusion therapy supplier’’ after ‘‘payment shall be made to the qualified home infusion therapy supplier’’. (2) Section 5012(d) of the 21st Century Cures Act is amended by inserting the fol-lowing before the period at the end: ‘‘, except that the amendments made by paragraphs (1) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES766 February 7, 2018 
and (2) of subsection (c) shall apply to items and services furnished on or after January 1, 2019’’. 
SEC. 50402. ORTHOTIST’S AND PROSTHETIST’S CLINICAL NOTES AS PART OF THE PATIENT’S MEDICAL RECORD. 
Section 1834(h) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(h)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) D
OCUMENTATION CREATED BY  
ORTHOTISTS AND PROSTHETISTS .—For purposes of determining the reasonableness and med-ical necessity of orthotics and prosthetics, documentation created by an orthotist or prosthetist shall be considered part of the in-dividual’s medical record to support docu-mentation created by eligible professionals described in section 1848(k)(3)(B).’’. 
SEC. 50403. INDEPENDENT ACCREDITATION FOR DIALYSIS FACILITIES AND ASSUR-ANCE OF HIGH QUALITY SURVEYS. 
(a) A CCREDITATION AND SURVEYS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1865 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395bb) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or the conditions and requirements under section 1881(b)’’; and (ii) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘(includ-ing a renal dialysis facility)’’ after ‘‘facil-ity’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) With respect to an accreditation body that has received approval from the Sec-retary under subsection (a)(3)(A) for accredi-tation of provider entities that are required to meet the conditions and requirements under section 1881(b), in addition to review and oversight authorities otherwise applica-ble under this title, the Secretary shall (as the Secretary determines appropriate) con-duct, with respect to such accreditation body and provider entities, any or all of the fol-lowing as frequently as is otherwise required to be conducted under this title with respect to other accreditation bodies or other pro-vider entities: ‘‘(1) Validation surveys referred to in sub-section (d). ‘‘(2) Accreditation program reviews (as de-fined in section 488.8(c) of title 42 of the Code of Federal Regulations, or a successor regu-lation). ‘‘(3) Performance reviews (as defined in section 488.8(a) of title 42 of the Code of Fed-eral Regulations, or a successor regula-tion).’’. (2) T
IMING FOR ACCEPTANCE OF REQUESTS  
FROM ACCREDITATION ORGANIZATIONS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall begin accepting requests from national accreditation bodies for a finding described in section 1865(a)(3)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395bb(a)(3)(A)) for purposes of accrediting provider entities that are required to meet the conditions and requirements under sec-tion 1881(b) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395rr(b)). (b) R
EQUIREMENT FOR TIMING OF SURVEYS  
OF NEW DIALYSIS FACILITIES .—Section 1881(b)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395rr(b)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘Begin-ning 180 days after the date of the enactment of this sentence, an initial survey of a pro-vider of services or a renal dialysis facility to determine if the conditions and require-ments under this paragraph are met shall be initiated not later than 90 days after such date on which both the provider enrollment form (without regard to whether such form is submitted prior to or after such date of en-actment) has been determined by the Sec-retary to be complete and the provider’s en-rollment status indicates approval is pending the results of such survey.’’. SEC. 50404. MODERNIZING THE APPLICATION OF THE STARK RULE UNDER MEDI-CARE. 
(a) C LARIFICATION OF THE WRITING REQUIRE -
MENT AND SIGNATURE REQUIREMENT FOR AR-
RANGEMENTS PURSUANT TO THE STARK  R
ULE.— (1) W
RITING REQUIREMENT .—Section 1877(h)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395nn(h)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) W
RITTEN REQUIREMENT CLARIFIED .—In the case of any requirement pursuant to this section for a compensation arrangement to be in writing, such requirement shall be sat-isfied by such means as determined by the Secretary, including by a collection of docu-ments, including contemporaneous docu-ments evidencing the course of conduct be-tween the parties involved.’’. (2) S
IGNATURE REQUIREMENT .—Section 1877(h)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395nn(h)(1)), as amended by para-graph (1), is further amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) S
PECIAL RULE FOR SIGNATURE REQUIRE -
MENTS .—In the case of any requirement pur-suant to this section for a compensation ar-rangement to be in writing and signed by the parties, such signature requirement shall be met if— ‘‘(i) not later than 90 consecutive calendar days immediately following the date on which the compensation arrangement be-came noncompliant, the parties obtain the required signatures; and ‘‘(ii) the compensation arrangement other-wise complies with all criteria of the appli-cable exception.’’. (b) I
NDEFINITE HOLDOVER FOR LEASE AR-
RANGEMENTS AND PERSONAL SERVICES AR-
RANGEMENTS PURSUANT TO THE STARK  R
ULE.—Section 1877(e) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395nn(e)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) H
OLDOVER LEASE ARRANGEMENTS .—In the case of a holdover lease arrangement for the lease of office space or equipment, which immediately follows a lease arrangement de-scribed in subparagraph (A) for the use of such office space or subparagraph (B) for the use of such equipment and that expired after a term of at least 1 year, payments made by the lessee to the lessor pursuant to such holdover lease arrangement, if— ‘‘(i) the lease arrangement met the condi-tions of subparagraph (A) for the lease of of-fice space or subparagraph (B) for the use of equipment when the arrangement expired; ‘‘(ii) the holdover lease arrangement is on the same terms and conditions as the imme-diately preceding arrangement; and ‘‘(iii) the holdover arrangement continues to satisfy the conditions of subparagraph (A) for the lease of office space or subparagraph (B) for the use of equipment.’’; and (2) in paragraph (3), by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) H
OLDOVER PERSONAL SERVICE AR -
RANGEMENT .—In the case of a holdover per-sonal service arrangement, which imme-diately follows an arrangement described in subparagraph (A) that expired after a term of at least 1 year, remuneration from an entity pursuant to such holdover personal service arrangement, if— ‘‘(i) the personal service arrangement met the conditions of subparagraph (A) when the arrangement expired; ‘‘(ii) the holdover personal service arrange-ment is on the same terms and conditions as the immediately preceding arrangement; and ‘‘(iii) the holdover arrangement continues to satisfy the conditions of subparagraph (A).’’. Subtitle B—Additional Medicare Provisions SEC. 50411. MAKING PERMANENT THE REMOVAL OF THE RENTAL CAP FOR DURABLE MEDICAL EQUIPMENT UNDER MEDI-CARE WITH RESPECT TO SPEECH GENERATING DEVICES. 
Section 1834(a)(2)(A)(iv) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(a)(2)(A)(iv)) is amended by striking ‘‘and before October 1, 2018,’’. 
SEC. 50412. INCREASED CIVIL AND CRIMINAL PENALTIES AND INCREASED SEN-TENCES FOR FEDERAL HEALTH CARE PROGRAM FRAUD AND ABUSE. 
(a) I NCREASED CIVILMONEY PENALTIES AND  C
RIMINAL FINES.— (1) I
NCREASED CIVIL MONEY PENALTIES .— Section 1128A of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7a) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), in the matter fol-lowing paragraph (10)— (i) by striking ‘‘$10,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$20,000’’ each place it appears; (ii) by striking ‘‘$15,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$30,000’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘$50,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000’’ each place it appears; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), in the flush text fol-lowing subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘$2,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,000’’; (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘$2,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,000’’; and (iii) in paragraph (3)(A)(i), by striking ‘‘$5,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000’’. (2) I
NCREASED CRIMINAL FINES .—Section 1128B of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7b) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), in the matter fol-lowing paragraph (6)— (i) by striking ‘‘$25,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘$10,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$20,000’’; (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), in the flush text fol-lowing subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘$25,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), in the flush text fol-lowing subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘$25,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000’’; (C) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘$25,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000’’; (D) in subsection (d), in the flush text fol-lowing paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘$25,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000’’; and (E) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘$2,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$4,000’’. (b) I
NCREASED SENTENCES FOR FELONIES IN-
VOLVING FEDERAL HEALTH CARE PROGRAM  F
RAUD AND ABUSE .— (1) F
ALSE STATEMENTS AND REPRESENTA -
TIONS .—Section 1128B(a) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7b(a)) is amended, in the matter following paragraph (6), by strik-ing ‘‘not more than five years or both, or (ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘not more than 10 years or both, or (ii)’’. (2) A
NTIKICKBACK .—Section 1128B(b) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7b(b)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), in the flush text fol-lowing subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘not more than five years’’ and inserting ‘‘not more than 10 years’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), in the flush text fol-lowing subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘not more than five years’’ and inserting ‘‘not more than 10 years’’. (3) F
ALSE STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATION  
WITH RESPECT TO CONDITIONS OR OPERATIONS  
OF FACILITIES .—Section 1128B(c) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7b(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘not more than five years’’ and inserting ‘‘not more than 10 years’’. (4) E
XCESS CHARGES .—Section 1128B(d) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7b(d)) is amended, in the flush text following paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘not more than five years’’ and in-serting ‘‘not more than 10 years’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S767 February 7, 2018 
(c) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to acts com-mitted after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 50413. REDUCING THE VOLUME OF FUTURE EHR-RELATED SIGNIFICANT HARD-SHIP REQUESTS. 
Section 1848(o)(2)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4(o)(2)(A)) and section 1886(n)(3)(A) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(n)(3)(A)) are each amended in the last sentence by striking ‘‘by requiring’’ and all that follows through ‘‘this paragraph’’. 
SEC. 50414. STRENGTHENING RULES IN CASE OF COMPETITION FOR DIABETIC TEST-ING STRIPS. 
(a) S PECIAL RULE IN CASE OF COMPETITION  
FORDIABETIC TESTING STRIPS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (10) of section 1847(b) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–3(b)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking the second sentence and inserting the following new sentence: ‘‘With respect to bids to fur-nish such types of products on or after Janu-ary 1, 2019, the volume for such types of prod-ucts shall be determined by the Secretary through the use of multiple sources of data (from mail order and non-mail order Medi-care markets), including market-based data measuring sales of diabetic testing strip products that are not exclusively sold by a single retailer from such markets.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(C) D
EMONSTRATION OF ABILITY TO FURNISH  
TYPES OF DIABETIC TESTING STRIP PRODUCTS .— With respect to bids to furnish diabetic test-ing strip products on or after January 1, 2019, an entity shall attest to the Secretary that the entity has the ability to obtain an inven-tory of the types and quantities of diabetic testing strip products that will allow the en-tity to furnish such products in a manner consistent with its bid and— ‘‘(i) demonstrate to the Secretary, through letters of intent with manufacturers, whole-salers, or other suppliers, or other evidence as the Secretary may specify, such ability; or ‘‘(ii) demonstrate to the Secretary that it made a good faith attempt to obtain such a letter of intent or such other evidence. ‘‘(D) U
SE OF UNLISTED TYPES IN CALCULA -
TION OF PERCENTAGE .—With respect to bids to furnish diabetic testing strip products on or after January 1, 2019, in determining under subparagraph (A) whether a bid submitted by an entity under such subparagraph covers 50 percent (or such higher percentage as the Secretary may specify) of all types of dia-betic testing strip products, the Secretary may not attribute a percentage to types of diabetic testing strip products that the Sec-retary does not identify by brand, model, and market share volume. ‘‘(E) A
DHERENCE TO DEMONSTRATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an entity that is furnishing diabetic testing strip prod-ucts on or after January 1, 2019, under a con-tract entered into under the competition conducted pursuant to paragraph (1), the Secretary shall establish a process to mon-itor, on an ongoing basis, the extent to which such entity continues to cover the product types included in the entity’s bid. ‘‘(ii) T
ERMINATION .—If the Secretary deter-mines that an entity described in clause (i) fails to maintain in inventory, or otherwise maintain ready access to (through require-ments, contracts, or otherwise) a type of product included in the entity’s bid, the Sec-retary may terminate such contract unless the Secretary finds that the failure of the entity to maintain inventory of, or ready ac-cess to, the product is the result of the dis-continuation of the product by the product manufacturer, a market-wide shortage of the product, or the introduction of a newer model or version of the product in the mar-ket involved.’’. (b) CODIFYING AND EXPANDING ANTI-SWITCH -
INGRULE.—Section 1847(b) of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–3(b)), as amended by subsection (a)(1), is further amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (11) as para-graph (12); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (10) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(11) A
DDITIONAL SPECIAL RULES IN CASE OF  
COMPETITION FOR DIABETIC TESTING STRIPS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to an enti-ty that is furnishing diabetic testing strip products to individuals under a contract en-tered into under the competitive acquisition program established under this section, the entity shall furnish to each individual a brand of such products that is compatible with the home blood glucose monitor se-lected by the individual. ‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION ON INFLUENCING AND  
INCENTIVIZING .—An entity described in sub-paragraph (A) may not attempt to influence or incentivize an individual to switch the brand of glucose monitor or diabetic testing strip product selected by the individual, in-cluding by— ‘‘(i) persuading, pressuring, or advising the individual to switch; or ‘‘(ii) furnishing information about alter-native brands to the individual where the in-dividual has not requested such information. ‘‘(C) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION .— ‘‘(i) S
TANDARDIZED INFORMATION .—Not later than January 1, 2019, the Secretary shall de-velop and make available to entities de-scribed in subparagraph (A) standardized in-formation that describes the rights of an in-dividual with respect to such an entity. The information described in the preceding sen-tence shall include information regarding— ‘‘(I) the requirements established under subparagraphs (A) and (B); ‘‘(II) the right of the individual to purchase diabetic testing strip products from another mail order supplier of such products or a re-tail pharmacy if the entity is not able to fur-nish the brand of such product that is com-patible with the home blood glucose monitor selected by the individual; and ‘‘(III) the right of the individual to return diabetic testing strip products furnished to the individual by the entity. ‘‘(ii) R
EQUIREMENT .—With respect to dia-betic testing strip products furnished on or after the date on which the Secretary devel-ops the standardized information under clause (i), an entity described in subpara-graph (A) may not communicate directly to an individual until the entity has verbally provided the individual with such standard-ized information. ‘‘(D) O
RDER REFILLS .—With respect to dia-betic testing strip products furnished on or after January 1, 2019, the Secretary shall re-quire an entity furnishing diabetic testing strip products to an individual to contact and receive a request from the individual for such products not more than 14 days prior to dispensing a refill of such products to the in-dividual.’’. (c) I
MPLEMENTATION ; NON-APPLICATION OF  
THEPAPERWORK REDUCTION ACT.— (1) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Health and Human Services may implement the provisions of, and amendments made by, this section by program instruction or other-wise. (2) N
ON-APPLICATION OF THE PAPERWORK RE -
DUCTION ACT .—Chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995’’), shall not apply to this section or the amendments made by this section. TITLE V—OTHER HEALTH EXTENDERS SEC. 50501. EXTENSION FOR FAMILY-TO-FAMILY HEALTH INFORMATION CENTERS. 
Section 501(c) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 701(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(A)— (A) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in clause (vi), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(vii) $6,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019.’’; (2) in paragraph (3)(C), by inserting before the period the following: ‘‘, and with respect to fiscal years 2018 and 2019, such centers shall also be developed in all territories and at least one such center shall be developed for Indian tribes’’; and (3) by amending paragraph (5) to read as follows: ‘‘(5) For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘Indian tribe’ has the mean-ing given such term in section 4 of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act (25 U.S.C. 1603); ‘‘(B) the term ‘State’ means each of the 50 States and the District of Columbia; and ‘‘(C) the term ‘territory’ means Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the Virgin Is-lands, and the Northern Mariana Islands.’’. 
SEC. 50502. EXTENSION FOR SEXUAL RISK AVOID-ANCE EDUCATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 510 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 710) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 510. SEXUAL RISK AVOIDANCE EDUCATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) A
LLOTMENTS TO STATES .—For the pur-pose described in subsection (b), the Sec-retary shall, for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019, allot to each State which has trans-mitted an application for the fiscal year under section 505(a) an amount equal to the product of— ‘‘(A) the amount appropriated pursuant to subsection (e)(1) for the fiscal year, minus the amount reserved under subsection (e)(2) for the fiscal year; and ‘‘(B) the proportion that the number of low-income children in the State bears to the total of such numbers of children for all the States. ‘‘(2) O
THER ALLOTMENTS .— ‘‘(A) O
THER ENTITIES .—For the purpose de-scribed in subsection (b), the Secretary shall, for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019, for any State which has not transmitted an applica-tion for the fiscal year under section 505(a), allot to one or more entities in the State the amount that would have been allotted to the State under paragraph (1) if the State had submitted such an application. ‘‘(B) P
ROCESS .—The Secretary shall select the recipients of allotments under subpara-graph (A) by means of a competitive grant process under which— ‘‘(i) not later than 30 days after the dead-line for the State involved to submit an ap-plication for the fiscal year under section 505(a), the Secretary publishes a notice solic-iting grant applications; and ‘‘(ii) not later than 120 days after such deadline, all such applications must be sub-mitted. ‘‘(b) P
URPOSE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except for research under paragraph (5) and information collec-tion and reporting under paragraph (6), the purpose of an allotment under subsection (a) to a State (or to another entity in the State pursuant to subsection (a)(2)) is to enable the State or other entity to implement edu-cation exclusively on sexual risk avoidance (meaning voluntarily refraining from sexual activity). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES768 February 7, 2018 
‘‘(2) R EQUIRED COMPONENTS .—Education on sexual risk avoidance pursuant to an allot-ment under this section shall— ‘‘(A) ensure that the unambiguous and pri-mary emphasis and context for each topic described in paragraph (3) is a message to youth that normalizes the optimal health be-havior of avoiding nonmarital sexual activ-ity; ‘‘(B) be medically accurate and complete; ‘‘(C) be age-appropriate; ‘‘(D) be based on adolescent learning and developmental theories for the age group re-ceiving the education; and ‘‘(E) be culturally appropriate, recognizing the experiences of youth from diverse com-munities, backgrounds, and experiences. ‘‘(3) T
OPICS .—Education on sexual risk avoidance pursuant to an allotment under this section shall address each of the fol-lowing topics: ‘‘(A) The holistic individual and societal benefits associated with personal responsi-bility, self-regulation, goal setting, healthy decisionmaking, and a focus on the future. ‘‘(B) The advantage of refraining from non-marital sexual activity in order to improve the future prospects and physical and emo-tional health of youth. ‘‘(C) The increased likelihood of avoiding poverty when youth attain self-sufficiency and emotional maturity before engaging in sexual activity. ‘‘(D) The foundational components of healthy relationships and their impact on the formation of healthy marriages and safe and stable families. ‘‘(E) How other youth risk behaviors, such as drug and alcohol usage, increase the risk for teen sex. ‘‘(F) How to resist and avoid, and receive help regarding, sexual coercion and dating violence, recognizing that even with consent teen sex remains a youth risk behavior. ‘‘(4) C
ONTRACEPTION .—Education on sexual risk avoidance pursuant to an allotment under this section shall ensure that— ‘‘(A) any information provided on contra-ception is medically accurate and complete and ensures that students understand that contraception offers physical risk reduction, but not risk elimination; and ‘‘(B) the education does not include dem-onstrations, simulations, or distribution of contraceptive devices. ‘‘(5) R
ESEARCH .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A State or other entity receiving an allotment pursuant to sub-section (a) may use up to 20 percent of such allotment to build the evidence base for sex-ual risk avoidance education by conducting or supporting research. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Any research con-ducted or supported pursuant to subpara-graph (A) shall be— ‘‘(i) rigorous; ‘‘(ii) evidence-based; and ‘‘(iii) designed and conducted by inde-pendent researchers who have experience in conducting and publishing research in peer- reviewed outlets. ‘‘(6) I
NFORMATION COLLECTION AND REPORT -
ING.—A State or other entity receiving an al-lotment pursuant to subsection (a) shall, as specified by the Secretary— ‘‘(A) collect information on the programs and activities funded through the allotment; and ‘‘(B) submit reports to the Secretary on the data from such programs and activities. ‘‘(c) N
ATIONAL EVALUATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) in consultation with appropriate State and local agencies, conduct one or more rigorous evaluations of the education funded through this section and associated data; and ‘‘(B) submit a report to the Congress on the results of such evaluations, together with a summary of the information collected pursu-ant to subsection (b)(6). ‘‘(2) CONSULTATION .—In conducting the evaluations required by paragraph (1), in-cluding the establishment of rigorous eval-uation methodologies, the Secretary shall consult with relevant stakeholders and eval-uation experts. ‘‘(d) A
PPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVI-
SIONS .— ‘‘(1) Sections 503, 507, and 508 apply to al-lotments under subsection (a) to the same extent and in the same manner as such sec-tions apply to allotments under section 502(c). ‘‘(2) Sections 505 and 506 apply to allot-ments under subsection (a) to the extent de-termined by the Secretary to be appropriate. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘age-appropriate’ means suit-able (in terms of topics, messages, and teach-ing methods) to the developmental and so-cial maturity of the particular age or age group of children or adolescents, based on de-veloping cognitive, emotional, and behav-ioral capacity typical for the age or age group. ‘‘(2) The term ‘medically accurate and complete’ means verified or supported by the weight of research conducted in compliance with accepted scientific methods and— ‘‘(A) published in peer-reviewed journals, where applicable; or ‘‘(B) comprising information that leading professional organizations and agencies with relevant expertise in the field recognize as accurate, objective, and complete. ‘‘(3) The term ‘rigorous’, with respect to research or evaluation, means using— ‘‘(A) established scientific methods for measuring the impact of an intervention or program model in changing behavior (specifi-cally sexual activity or other sexual risk be-haviors), or reducing pregnancy, among youth; or ‘‘(B) other evidence-based methodologies established by the Secretary for purposes of this section. ‘‘(4) The term ‘youth’ refers to one or more individuals who have attained age 10 but not age 20. ‘‘(f) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To carry out this sec-tion, there is appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $75,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019. ‘‘(2) R
ESERVATION .—The Secretary shall re-serve, for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019, not more than 20 percent of the amount ap-propriated pursuant to paragraph (1) for ad-ministering the program under this section, including the conducting of national evalua-tions and the provision of technical assist-ance to the recipients of allotments.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall take effect as if enacted on October 1, 2017. 
SEC. 50503. EXTENSION FOR PERSONAL RESPON-SIBILITY EDUCATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 513 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 713) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’; and (2) in subsection (a)(4)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2017’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2019’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in the subparagraph heading, by strik-ing ‘‘
3-YEAR GRANTS ’’ and inserting ‘‘C OM-
PETITIVE PREP GRANTS ’’; and (ii) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘solicit appli-cations to award 3-year grants in each of fis-cal years 2012 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘continue through fiscal year 2019 grants awarded for any of fiscal years 2015 through 2017’’; (3) in subsection (c)(1), by inserting after ‘‘youth with HIV/AIDS,’’ the following: ‘‘vic-tims of human trafficking,’’; and (4) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect as if enacted on October 1, 2017. TITLE VI—CHILD AND FAMILY SERVICES AND SUPPORTS EXTENDERS Subtitle A—Continuing the Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting Program 
SEC. 50601. CONTINUING EVIDENCE-BASED HOME VISITING PROGRAM. 
Section 511(j)(1)(H) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 711(j)(1)(H)) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2017 through 2022’’. 
SEC. 50602. CONTINUING TO DEMONSTRATE RE-SULTS TO HELP FAMILIES. 
(a) R EQUIRE SERVICE DELIVERY MODELS TO D
EMONSTRATE IMPROVEMENT IN APPLICABLE  B
ENCHMARK AREAS .—Section 511 of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 711) is amended in each of subsections (d)(1)(A) and (h)(4)(A) by striking ‘‘each of’’. (b) D
EMONSTRATION OF IMPROVEMENTS IN  S
UBSEQUENT YEARS .—Section 511(d)(1) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 711(d)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) D
EMONSTRATION OF IMPROVEMENTS IN  
SUBSEQUENT YEARS .— ‘‘(i) C
ONTINUED MEASUREMENT OF IMPROVE -
MENT IN APPLICABLE BENCHMARK AREAS .—The eligible entity, after demonstrating improve-ments for eligible families as specified in subparagraphs (A) and (B), shall continue to track and report, not later than 30 days after the end of fiscal year 2020 and every 3 years thereafter, information demonstrating that the program results in improvements for the eligible families participating in the pro-gram in at least 4 of the areas specified in subparagraph (A) that the service delivery model or models selected by the entity are intended to improve. ‘‘(ii) C
ORRECTIVE ACTION PLAN .—If the eligi-ble entity fails to demonstrate improvement in at least 4 of the areas specified in subpara-graph (A), as compared to eligible families who do not receive services under an early childhood home visitation program, the enti-ty shall develop and implement a plan to im-prove outcomes in each of the areas specified in subparagraph (A) that the service delivery model or models selected by the entity are intended to improve, subject to approval by the Secretary. The plan shall include provi-sions for the Secretary to monitor imple-mentation of the plan and conduct continued oversight of the program, including through submission by the entity of regular reports to the Secretary. ‘‘(iii) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Sec-retary shall provide an eligible entity re-quired to develop and implement an im-provement plan under clause (ii) with tech-nical assistance to develop and implement the plan. The Secretary may provide the technical assistance directly or through grants, contracts, or cooperative agree-ments. ‘‘(iv) N
O IMPROVEMENT OR FAILURE TO SUB -
MIT REPORT .—If the Secretary determines after a period of time specified by the Sec-retary that an eligible entity implementing an improvement plan under clause (ii) has failed to demonstrate any improvement in at least 4 of the areas specified in subparagraph (A), or if the Secretary determines that an eligible entity has failed to submit the re-port required by clause (i), the Secretary shall terminate the grant made to the entity 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S769 February 7, 2018 
under this section and may include any un-expended grant funds in grants made to non-profit organizations under subsection (h)(2)(B).’’. (c) I
NCLUDING INFORMATION ON APPLICABLE  B
ENCHMARKS IN APPLICATION .—Section 511(e)(5) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 711(e)(5)) is amended by inserting ‘‘that the service de-livery model or models selected by the enti-ty are intended to improve’’ before the pe-riod at the end. 
SEC. 50603. REVIEWING STATEWIDE NEEDS TO TARGET RESOURCES. 
Section 511(b)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 711(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and all that follows through ‘‘section 505(a))’’ and inserting ‘‘Each State shall, as a condition of receiv-ing payments from an allotment for the State under section 502, conduct a statewide needs assessment (which may be separate from but in coordination with the statewide needs assessment required under section 505(a) and which shall be reviewed and up-dated by the State not later than October 1, 2020)’’. 
SEC. 50604. IMPROVING THE LIKELIHOOD OF SUCCESS IN HIGH-RISK COMMU-NITIES. 
Section 511(d)(4)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 711(d)(4)(A)) is amended by in-serting ‘‘, taking into account the staffing, community resource, and other requirements to operate at least one approved model of home visiting and demonstrate improve-ments for eligible families’’ before the pe-riod. 
SEC. 50605. OPTION TO FUND EVIDENCE-BASED HOME VISITING ON A PAY FOR OUT-COME BASIS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 511(c) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 711(c)) is amend-ed by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively, and by inserting after paragraph (2) the following: ‘‘(3) A
UTHORITY TO USE GRANT FOR A PAY  
FOR OUTCOMES INITIATIVE .—An eligible entity to which a grant is made under paragraph (1) may use up to 25 percent of the grant for out-comes or success payments related to a pay for outcomes initiative that will not result in a reduction of funding for services deliv-ered by the entity under a childhood home visitation program under this section while the eligible entity develops or operates such an initiative.’’. (b) D
EFINITION OF PAY FOR OUTCOMES INI-
TIATIVE .—Section 511(k) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 711(k)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) P
AY FOR OUTCOMES INITIATIVE .—The term ‘pay for outcomes initiative’ means a performance-based grant, contract, coopera-tive agreement, or other agreement awarded by a public entity in which a commitment is made to pay for improved outcomes achieved as a result of the intervention that result in social benefit and direct cost savings or cost avoidance to the public sector. Such an ini-tiative shall include— ‘‘(A) a feasibility study that describes how the proposed intervention is based on evi-dence of effectiveness; ‘‘(B) a rigorous, third-party evaluation that uses experimental or quasi-experi-mental design or other research methodolo-gies that allow for the strongest possible causal inferences to determine whether the initiative has met its proposed outcomes as a result of the intervention; ‘‘(C) an annual, publicly available report on the progress of the initiative; and ‘‘(D) a requirement that payments are made to the recipient of a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement only when agreed upon outcomes are achieved, except that this requirement shall not apply with respect to payments to a third party conducting the evaluation described in subparagraph (B).’’. (c) EXTENDED AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS .— Section 511(j)(3) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 711(j)(3)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(3) A
VAILABILITY .—Funds’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) A
VAILABILITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), funds’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) F
UNDS FOR PAY FOR OUTCOMES INITIA -
TIVES .—Funds made available to an eligible entity under this section for a fiscal year (or portion of a fiscal year) for a pay for out-comes initiative shall remain available for expenditure by the eligible entity for not more than 10 years after the funds are so made available.’’. 
SEC. 50606. DATA EXCHANGE STANDARDS FOR IM-PROVED INTEROPERABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 511(h) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 711(h)) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) D
ATA EXCHANGE STANDARDS FOR IM -
PROVED INTEROPERABILITY .— ‘‘(A) D
ESIGNATION AND USE OF DATA EX -
CHANGE STANDARDS .— ‘‘(i) D
ESIGNATION .—The head of the depart-ment or agency responsible for admin-istering a program funded under this section shall, in consultation with an interagency work group established by the Office of Man-agement and Budget and considering State government perspectives, designate data ex-change standards for necessary categories of information that a State agency operating the program is required to electronically ex-change with another State agency under ap-plicable Federal law. ‘‘(ii) D
ATA EXCHANGE STANDARDS MUST BE  
NONPROPRIETARY AND INTEROPERABLE .—The data exchange standards designated under clause (i) shall, to the extent practicable, be nonproprietary and interoperable. ‘‘(iii) O
THER REQUIREMENTS .—In desig-nating data exchange standards under this paragraph, the Secretary shall, to the extent practicable, incorporate— ‘‘(I) interoperable standards developed and maintained by an international voluntary consensus standards body, as defined by the Office of Management and Budget; ‘‘(II) interoperable standards developed and maintained by intergovernmental partner-ships, such as the National Information Ex-change Model; and ‘‘(III) interoperable standards developed and maintained by Federal entities with au-thority over contracting and financial assist-ance. ‘‘(B) D
ATA EXCHANGE STANDARDS FOR FED -
ERAL REPORTING .— ‘‘(i) D
ESIGNATION .—The head of the depart-ment or agency responsible for admin-istering a program referred to in this section shall, in consultation with an interagency work group established by the Office of Man-agement and Budget, and considering State government perspectives, designate data ex-change standards to govern Federal report-ing and exchange requirements under appli-cable Federal law. ‘‘(ii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The data exchange reporting standards required by clause (i) shall, to the extent practicable— ‘‘(I) incorporate a widely accepted, non-proprietary, searchable, computer-readable format; ‘‘(II) be consistent with and implement ap-plicable accounting principles; ‘‘(III) be implemented in a manner that is cost-effective and improves program effi-ciency and effectiveness; and ‘‘(IV) be capable of being continually up-graded as necessary. ‘‘(iii) I
NCORPORATION OF NONPROPRIETARY  
STANDARDS .—In designating data exchange standards under this paragraph, the Sec-retary shall, to the extent practicable, incor-porate existing nonproprietary standards, such as the eXtensible Mark up Language. ‘‘(iv) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to require a change to existing data exchange standards for Federal reporting about a program re-ferred to in this section, if the head of the department or agency responsible for admin-istering the program finds the standards to be effective and efficient.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is 2 years after the date of en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 50607. ALLOCATION OF FUNDS. 
Section 511(j) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 711(j)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS .—To the extent that the grant amount awarded under this section to an eligible entity is determined on the basis of relative population or poverty considerations, the Secretary shall make the determination using the most accurate Fed-eral data available for the eligible entity.’’. Subtitle B—Extension of Health Professions Workforce Demonstration Projects 
SEC. 50611. EXTENSION OF HEALTH WORKFORCE DEMONSTRATION PROJECTS FOR LOW-INCOME INDIVIDUALS. 
Section 2008(c)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397g(c)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. TITLE VII—FAMILY FIRST PREVENTION SERVICES ACT Subtitle A—Investing in Prevention and Supporting Families 
SEC. 50701. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Bipar-tisan Budget Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 50702. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this subtitle is to enable States to use Federal funds available under parts B and E of title IV of the Social Secu-rity Act to provide enhanced support to chil-dren and families and prevent foster care placements through the provision of mental health and substance abuse prevention and treatment services, in-home parent skill- based programs, and kinship navigator serv-ices. PART I—PREVENTION ACTIVITIES UNDER TITLE IV–E 
SEC. 50711. FOSTER CARE PREVENTION SERV-ICES AND PROGRAMS. 
(a) S TATE OPTION .—Section 471 of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 671) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘and’’ and all that follows through the semicolon and inserting ‘‘, adoption assistance in ac-cordance with section 473, and, at the option of the State, services or programs specified in subsection (e)(1) of this section for chil-dren who are candidates for foster care or who are pregnant or parenting foster youth and the parents or kin caregivers of the chil-dren, in accordance with the requirements of that subsection;’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) P
REVENTION AND FAMILY SERVICES AND  P
ROGRAMS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the suc-ceeding provisions of this subsection, the Secretary may make a payment to a State for providing the following services or pro-grams for a child described in paragraph (2) and the parents or kin caregivers of the child when the need of the child, such a parent, or such a caregiver for the services or programs are directly related to the safety, perma-nence, or well-being of the child or to pre-venting the child from entering foster care: ‘‘(A) M
ENTAL HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE ABUSE  
PREVENTION AND TREATMENT SERVICES .—Men- tal health and substance abuse prevention 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES770 February 7, 2018 
and treatment services provided by a quali-fied clinician for not more than a 12-month period that begins on any date described in paragraph (3) with respect to the child. ‘‘(B) I
N-HOME PARENT SKILL -BASED PRO -
GRAMS .—In-home parent skill-based pro-grams for not more than a 12-month period that begins on any date described in para-graph (3) with respect to the child and that include parenting skills training, parent edu-cation, and individual and family counseling. ‘‘(2) C
HILD DESCRIBED .—For purposes of paragraph (1), a child described in this para-graph is the following: ‘‘(A) A child who is a candidate for foster care (as defined in section 475(13)) but can re-main safely at home or in a kinship place-ment with receipt of services or programs specified in paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) A child in foster care who is a preg-nant or parenting foster youth. ‘‘(3) D
ATE DESCRIBED .—For purposes of paragraph (1), the dates described in this paragraph are the following: ‘‘(A) The date on which a child is identified in a prevention plan maintained under para-graph (4) as a child who is a candidate for foster care (as defined in section 475(13)). ‘‘(B) The date on which a child is identified in a prevention plan maintained under para-graph (4) as a pregnant or parenting foster youth in need of services or programs speci-fied in paragraph (1). ‘‘(4) R
EQUIREMENTS RELATED TO PROVIDING  
SERVICES AND PROGRAMS .—Services and pro-grams specified in paragraph (1) may be pro-vided under this subsection only if specified in advance in the child’s prevention plan de-scribed in subparagraph (A) and the require-ments in subparagraphs (B) through (E) are met: ‘‘(A) P
REVENTION PLAN .—The State main-tains a written prevention plan for the child that meets the following requirements (as applicable): ‘‘(i) C
ANDIDATES .—In the case of a child who is a candidate for foster care described in paragraph (2)(A), the prevention plan shall— ‘‘(I) identify the foster care prevention strategy for the child so that the child may remain safely at home, live temporarily with a kin caregiver until reunification can be safely achieved, or live permanently with a kin caregiver; ‘‘(II) list the services or programs to be provided to or on behalf of the child to en-sure the success of that prevention strategy; and ‘‘(III) comply with such other requirements as the Secretary shall establish. ‘‘(ii) P
REGNANT OR PARENTING FOSTER  
YOUTH .—In the case of a child who is a preg-nant or parenting foster youth described in paragraph (2)(B), the prevention plan shall— ‘‘(I) be included in the child’s case plan re-quired under section 475(1); ‘‘(II) list the services or programs to be provided to or on behalf of the youth to en-sure that the youth is prepared (in the case of a pregnant foster youth) or able (in the case of a parenting foster youth) to be a par-ent; ‘‘(III) describe the foster care prevention strategy for any child born to the youth; and ‘‘(IV) comply with such other requirements as the Secretary shall establish. ‘‘(B) T
RAUMA -INFORMED .—The services or programs to be provided to or on behalf of a child are provided under an organizational structure and treatment framework that in-volves understanding, recognizing, and re-sponding to the effects of all types of trauma and in accordance with recognized principles of a trauma-informed approach and trauma- specific interventions to address trauma’s consequences and facilitate healing. ‘‘(C) ONLY SERVICES AND PROGRAMS PRO -
VIDED IN ACCORDANCE WITH PROMISING , SUP-
PORTED , OR WELL -SUPPORTED PRACTICES PER -
MITTED .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Only State expenditures for services or programs specified in subpara-graph (A) or (B) of paragraph (1) that are provided in accordance with practices that meet the requirements specified in clause (ii) of this subparagraph and that meet the re-quirements specified in clause (iii), (iv), or (v), respectively, for being a promising, sup-ported, or well-supported practice, shall be eligible for a Federal matching payment under section 474(a)(6)(A). ‘‘(ii) G
ENERAL PRACTICE REQUIREMENTS .— The general practice requirements specified in this clause are the following: ‘‘(I) The practice has a book, manual, or other available writings that specify the components of the practice protocol and de-scribe how to administer the practice. ‘‘(II) There is no empirical basis suggesting that, compared to its likely benefits, the practice constitutes a risk of harm to those receiving it. ‘‘(III) If multiple outcome studies have been conducted, the overall weight of evi-dence supports the benefits of the practice. ‘‘(IV) Outcome measures are reliable and valid, and are administrated consistently and accurately across all those receiving the practice. ‘‘(V) There is no case data suggesting a risk of harm that was probably caused by the treatment and that was severe or frequent. ‘‘(iii) P
ROMISING PRACTICE .—A practice shall be considered to be a ‘promising prac-tice’ if the practice is superior to an appro-priate comparison practice using conven-tional standards of statistical significance (in terms of demonstrated meaningful im-provements in validated measures of impor-tant child and parent outcomes, such as mental health, substance abuse, and child safety and well-being), as established by the results or outcomes of at least one study that— ‘‘(I) was rated by an independent system-atic review for the quality of the study de-sign and execution and determined to be well-designed and well-executed; and ‘‘(II) utilized some form of control (such as an untreated group, a placebo group, or a wait list study). ‘‘(iv) S
UPPORTED PRACTICE .—A practice shall be considered to be a ‘supported prac-tice’ if— ‘‘(I) the practice is superior to an appro-priate comparison practice using conven-tional standards of statistical significance (in terms of demonstrated meaningful im-provements in validated measures of impor-tant child and parent outcomes, such as mental health, substance abuse, and child safety and well-being), as established by the results or outcomes of at least one study that— ‘‘(aa) was rated by an independent system-atic review for the quality of the study de-sign and execution and determined to be well-designed and well-executed; ‘‘(bb) was a rigorous random-controlled trial (or, if not available, a study using a rig-orous quasi-experimental research design); and ‘‘(cc) was carried out in a usual care or practice setting; and ‘‘(II) the study described in subclause (I) established that the practice has a sustained effect (when compared to a control group) for at least 6 months beyond the end of the treatment. ‘‘(v) W
ELL-SUPPORTED PRACTICE .—A prac- tice shall be considered to be a ‘well-sup-ported practice’ if— ‘‘(I) the practice is superior to an appro-priate comparison practice using conven-tional standards of statistical significance (in terms of demonstrated meaningful im-provements in validated measures of impor-tant child and parent outcomes, such as mental health, substance abuse, and child safety and well-being), as established by the results or outcomes of at least two studies that— ‘‘(aa) were rated by an independent sys-tematic review for the quality of the study design and execution and determined to be well-designed and well-executed; ‘‘(bb) were rigorous random-controlled trials (or, if not available, studies using a rigorous quasi-experimental research de-sign); and ‘‘(cc) were carried out in a usual care or practice setting; and ‘‘(II) at least one of the studies described in subclause (I) established that the practice has a sustained effect (when compared to a control group) for at least 1 year beyond the end of treatment. ‘‘(D) GUIDANCE ON PRACTICES CRITERIA AND  
PRE-APPROVED SERVICES AND PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than October 1, 2018, the Secretary shall issue guidance to States regarding the practices criteria re-quired for services or programs to satisfy the requirements of subparagraph (C). The guid-ance shall include a pre-approved list of serv-ices and programs that satisfy the require-ments. ‘‘(ii) U
PDATES .—The Secretary shall issue updates to the guidance required by clause (i) as often as the Secretary determines nec-essary. ‘‘(E) O
UTCOME ASSESSMENT AND REPORT -
ING.—The State shall collect and report to the Secretary the following information with respect to each child for whom, or on whose behalf mental health and substance abuse prevention and treatment services or in- home parent skill-based programs are pro-vided during a 12-month period beginning on the date the child is determined by the State to be a child described in paragraph (2): ‘‘(i) The specific services or programs pro-vided and the total expenditures for each of the services or programs. ‘‘(ii) The duration of the services or pro-grams provided. ‘‘(iii) In the case of a child described in paragraph (2)(A), the child’s placement sta-tus at the beginning, and at the end, of the 1-year period, respectively, and whether the child entered foster care within 2 years after being determined a candidate for foster care. ‘‘(5) S
TATE PLAN COMPONENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A State electing to pro-vide services or programs specified in para-graph (1) shall submit as part of the State plan required by subsection (a) a prevention services and programs plan component that meets the requirements of subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) P
REVENTION SERVICES AND PROGRAMS  
PLAN COMPONENT .—In order to meet the re-quirements of this subparagraph, a preven-tion services and programs plan component, with respect to each 5-year period for which the plan component is in operation in the State, shall include the following: ‘‘(i) How providing services and programs specified in paragraph (1) is expected to im-prove specific outcomes for children and families. ‘‘(ii) How the State will monitor and over-see the safety of children who receive serv-ices and programs specified in paragraph (1), including through periodic risk assessments throughout the period in which the services and programs are provided on behalf of a child and reexamination of the prevention plan maintained for the child under para-graph (4) for the provision of the services or programs if the State determines the risk of the child entering foster care remains high 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S771 February 7, 2018 
despite the provision of the services or pro-grams. ‘‘(iii) With respect to the services and pro-grams specified in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1), information on the specific promising, supported, or well-supported practices the State plans to use to provide the services or programs, including a de-scription of— ‘‘(I) the services or programs and whether the practices used are promising, supported, or well-supported; ‘‘(II) how the State plans to implement the services or programs, including how imple-mentation of the services or programs will be continuously monitored to ensure fidelity to the practice model and to determine out-comes achieved and how information learned from the monitoring will be used to refine and improve practices; ‘‘(III) how the State selected the services or programs; ‘‘(IV) the target population for the services or programs; and ‘‘(V) how each service or program provided will be evaluated through a well-designed and rigorous process, which may consist of an ongoing, cross-site evaluation approved by the Secretary. ‘‘(iv) A description of the consultation that the State agencies responsible for admin-istering the State plans under this part and part B engage in with other State agencies responsible for administering health pro-grams, including mental health and sub-stance abuse prevention and treatment serv-ices, and with other public and private agen-cies with experience in administering child and family services, including community- based organizations, in order to foster a con-tinuum of care for children described in paragraph (2) and their parents or kin care-givers. ‘‘(v) A description of how the State shall assess children and their parents or kin care-givers to determine eligibility for services or programs specified in paragraph (1). ‘‘(vi) A description of how the services or programs specified in paragraph (1) that are provided for or on behalf of a child and the parents or kin caregivers of the child will be coordinated with other child and family services provided to the child and the par-ents or kin caregivers of the child under the State plans in effect under subparts 1 and 2 of part B. ‘‘(vii) Descriptions of steps the State is taking to support and enhance a competent, skilled, and professional child welfare work-force to deliver trauma-informed and evi-dence-based services, including— ‘‘(I) ensuring that staff is qualified to pro-vide services or programs that are consistent with the promising, supported, or well-sup-ported practice models selected; and ‘‘(II) developing appropriate prevention plans, and conducting the risk assessments required under clause (iii). ‘‘(viii) A description of how the State will provide training and support for caseworkers in assessing what children and their families need, connecting to the families served, knowing how to access and deliver the need-ed trauma-informed and evidence-based serv-ices, and overseeing and evaluating the con-tinuing appropriateness of the services. ‘‘(ix) A description of how caseload size and type for prevention caseworkers will be de-termined, managed, and overseen. ‘‘(x) An assurance that the State will re-port to the Secretary such information and data as the Secretary may require with re-spect to the provision of services and pro-grams specified in paragraph (1), including information and data necessary to determine the performance measures for the State under paragraph (6) and compliance with paragraph (7). ‘‘(C) R EIMBURSEMENT FOR SERVICES UNDER  
THE PREVENTION PLAN COMPONENT .— ‘‘(i) L
IMITATION .—Except as provided in subclause (ii), a State may not receive a Fed-eral payment under this part for a given promising, supported, or well-supported practice unless (in accordance with subpara-graph (B)(iii)(V)) the plan includes a well-de-signed and rigorous evaluation strategy for that practice. ‘‘(ii) W
AIVER OF LIMITATION .—The Sec-retary may waive the requirement for a well- designed and rigorous evaluation of any well- supported practice if the Secretary deems the evidence of the effectiveness of the prac-tice to be compelling and the State meets the continuous quality improvement require-ments included in subparagraph (B)(iii)(II) with regard to the practice. ‘‘(6) P
REVENTION SERVICES MEASURES .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT ; ANNUAL UPDATES .— Beginning with fiscal year 2021, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall establish the following prevention services measures based on information and data reported by States that elect to provide services and programs specified in paragraph (1): ‘‘(i) P
ERCENTAGE OF CANDIDATES FOR FOS -
TER CARE WHO DO NOT ENTER FOSTER CARE .— The percentage of candidates for foster care for whom, or on whose behalf, the services or programs are provided who do not enter fos-ter care, including those placed with a kin caregiver outside of foster care, during the 12-month period in which the services or pro-grams are provided and through the end of the succeeding 12-month period. ‘‘(ii) P
ER-CHILD SPENDING .—The total amount of expenditures made for mental health and substance abuse prevention and treatment services or in-home parent skill- based programs, respectively, for, or on be-half of, each child described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) D
ATA.—The Secretary shall establish and annually update the prevention services measures— ‘‘(i) based on the median State values of the information reported under each clause of subparagraph (A) for the 3 then most re-cent years; and ‘‘(ii) taking into account State differences in the price levels of consumption goods and services using the most recent regional price parities published by the Bureau of Eco-nomic Analysis of the Department of Com-merce or such other data as the Secretary determines appropriate. ‘‘(C) P
UBLICATION OF STATE PREVENTION  
SERVICES MEASURES .—The Secretary shall annually make available to the public the prevention services measures of each State. ‘‘(7) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT FOR STATE  
FOSTER CARE PREVENTION EXPENDITURES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If a State elects to pro-vide services and programs specified in para-graph (1) for a fiscal year, the State foster care prevention expenditures for the fiscal year shall not be less than the amount of the expenditures for fiscal year 2014 (or, at the option of a State described in subparagraph (E), fiscal year 2015 or fiscal year 2016 (which-ever the State elects)). ‘‘(B) S
TATE FOSTER CARE PREVENTION EX -
PENDITURES .—The term ‘State foster care prevention expenditures’ means the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) TANF; 
IV–B; SSBG.—State expenditures for foster care prevention services and ac-tivities under the State program funded under part A (including from amounts made available by the Federal Government), under the State plan developed under part B (in-cluding any such amounts), or under the So-cial Services Block Grant Programs under subtitle A of title XX (including any such amounts). ‘‘(ii) O
THER STATE PROGRAMS .—State ex-penditures for foster care prevention services and activities under any State program that is not described in clause (i) (other than any State expenditures for foster care prevention services and activities under the State pro-gram under this part (including under a waiver of the program)). ‘‘(C) STATE EXPENDITURES .—The term ‘State expenditures’ means all State or local funds that are expended by the State or a local agency including State or local funds that are matched or reimbursed by the Fed-eral Government and State or local funds that are not matched or reimbursed by the Federal Government. ‘‘(D) D
ETERMINATION OF PREVENTION SERV -
ICES AND ACTIVITIES .—The Secretary shall re-quire each State that elects to provide serv-ices and programs specified in paragraph (1) to report the expenditures specified in sub-paragraph (B) for fiscal year 2014 and for such fiscal years thereafter as are necessary to determine whether the State is complying with the maintenance of effort requirement in subparagraph (A). The Secretary shall specify the specific services and activities under each program referred to in subpara-graph (B) that are ‘prevention services and activities’ for purposes of the reports. ‘‘(E) S
TATE DESCRIBED .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), a State is described in this subparagraph if the population of children in the State in 2014 was less than 200,000 (as de-termined by the United States Census Bu-reau). ‘‘(8) P
ROHIBITION AGAINST USE OF STATE FOS -
TER CARE PREVENTION EXPENDITURES AND FED -
ERAL IV –E PREVENTION FUNDS FOR MATCHING  
OR EXPENDITURE REQUIREMENT .—A State that elects to provide services and programs spec-ified in paragraph (1) shall not use any State foster care prevention expenditures for a fis-cal year for the State share of expenditures under section 474(a)(6) for a fiscal year. ‘‘(9) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—Expenditures described in section 474(a)(6)(B)— ‘‘(A) shall not be eligible for payment under subparagraph (A), (B), or (E) of section 474(a)(3); and ‘‘(B) shall be eligible for payment under section 474(a)(6)(B) without regard to wheth-er the expenditures are incurred on behalf of a child who is, or is potentially, eligible for foster care maintenance payments under this part. ‘‘(10) A
PPLICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The provision of serv-ices or programs under this subsection to or on behalf of a child described in paragraph (2) shall not be considered to be receipt of aid or assistance under the State plan under this part for purposes of eligibility for any other program established under this Act. ‘‘(B) C
ANDIDATES IN KINSHIP CARE .—A child described in paragraph (2) for whom such services or programs under this subsection are provided for more than 6 months while in the home of a kin caregiver, and who would satisfy the AFDC eligibility requirement of section 472(a)(3)(A)(ii)(II) but for residing in the home of the caregiver for more than 6 months, is deemed to satisfy that require-ment for purposes of determining whether the child is eligible for foster care mainte-nance payments under section 472.’’. (b) D
EFINITION .—Section 475 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 675) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) The term ‘child who is a candidate for foster care’ means, a child who is identified in a prevention plan under section 471(e)(4)(A) as being at imminent risk of en-tering foster care (without regard to whether the child would be eligible for foster care maintenance payments under section 472 or is or would be eligible for adoption assist-ance or kinship guardianship assistance pay-ments under section 473) but who can remain safely in the child’s home or in a kinship 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES772 February 7, 2018 
placement as long as services or programs specified in section 471(e)(1) that are nec-essary to prevent the entry of the child into foster care are provided. The term includes a child whose adoption or guardianship ar-rangement is at risk of a disruption or dis-solution that would result in a foster care placement.’’. (c) P
AYMENTS UNDER TITLE IV–E.—Section 474(a) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 674(a)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; plus’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) subject to section 471(e)— ‘‘(A) for each quarter— ‘‘(i) subject to clause (ii)— ‘‘(I) beginning after September 30, 2019, and before October 1, 2026, an amount equal to 50 percent of the total amount expended during the quarter for the provision of services or programs specified in subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 471(e)(1) that are provided in accordance with promising, supported, or well-supported practices that meet the appli-cable criteria specified for the practices in section 471(e)(4)(C); and ‘‘(II) beginning after September 30, 2026, an amount equal to the Federal medical assist-ance percentage (which shall be as defined in section 1905(b), in the case of a State other than the District of Columbia, or 70 percent, in the case of the District of Columbia) of the total amount expended during the quar-ter for the provision of services or programs specified in subparagraph (A) or (B) of sec-tion 471(e)(1) that are provided in accordance with promising, supported, or well-supported practices that meet the applicable criteria specified for the practices in section 471(e)(4)(C) (or, with respect to the payments made during the quarter under a cooperative agreement or contract entered into by the State and an Indian tribe, tribal organiza-tion, or tribal consortium for the adminis-tration or payment of funds under this part, an amount equal to the Federal medical as-sistance percentage that would apply under section 479B(d) (in this paragraph referred to as the ‘tribal FMAP’) if the Indian tribe, tribal organization, or tribal consortium made the payments under a program oper-ated under that section, unless the tribal FMAP is less than the Federal medical as-sistance percentage that applies to the State); except that ‘‘(ii) not less than 50 percent of the total amount expended by a State under clause (i) for a fiscal year shall be for the provision of services or programs specified in subpara-graph (A) or (B) of section 471(e)(1) that are provided in accordance with well-supported practices; plus ‘‘(B) for each quarter specified in subpara-graph (A), an amount equal to the sum of the following proportions of the total amount expended during the quarter— ‘‘(i) 50 percent of so much of the expendi-tures as are found necessary by the Sec-retary for the proper and efficient adminis-tration of the State plan for the provision of services or programs specified in section 471(e)(1), including expenditures for activi-ties approved by the Secretary that promote the development of necessary processes and procedures to establish and implement the provision of the services and programs for in-dividuals who are eligible for the services and programs and expenditures attributable to data collection and reporting; and ‘‘(ii) 50 percent of so much of the expendi-tures with respect to the provision of serv-ices and programs specified in section 471(e)(1) as are for training of personnel em-ployed or preparing for employment by the State agency or by the local agency admin-istering the plan in the political subdivision and of the members of the staff of State-li-censed or State-approved child welfare agen-cies providing services to children described in section 471(e)(2) and their parents or kin caregivers, including on how to determine who are individuals eligible for the services or programs, how to identify and provide ap-propriate services and programs, and how to oversee and evaluate the ongoing appro-priateness of the services and programs.’’. (d) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND BESTPRAC-
TICES , CLEARINGHOUSE , ANDDATACOLLECTION  
AND EVALUATIONS .—Section 476 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 676) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND BEST P
RACTICES , CLEARINGHOUSE , D ATA COLLEC -
TION, ANDEVALUATIONS RELATING TO PREVEN -
TION SERVICES AND PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(1) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND BEST PRAC -
TICES .—The Secretary shall provide to States and, as applicable, to Indian tribes, tribal or-ganizations, and tribal consortia, technical assistance regarding the provision of services and programs described in section 471(e)(1) and shall disseminate best practices with re-spect to the provision of the services and programs, including how to plan and imple-ment a well-designed and rigorous evalua-tion of a promising, supported, or well-sup-ported practice. ‘‘(2) C
LEARINGHOUSE OF PROMISING , SUP-
PORTED , AND WELL -SUPPORTED PRACTICES .— The Secretary shall, directly or through grants, contracts, or interagency agree-ments, evaluate research on the practices specified in clauses (iii), (iv), and (v), respec-tively, of section 471(e)(4)(C), and programs that meet the requirements described in sec-tion 427(a)(1), including culturally specific, or location- or population-based adaptations of the practices, to identify and establish a public clearinghouse of the practices that satisfy each category described by such clauses. In addition, the clearinghouse shall include information on the specific outcomes associated with each practice, including whether the practice has been shown to pre-vent child abuse and neglect and reduce the likelihood of foster care placement by sup-porting birth families and kinship families and improving targeted supports for preg-nant and parenting youth and their children. ‘‘(3) D
ATA COLLECTION AND EVALUATIONS .— The Secretary, directly or through grants, contracts, or interagency agreements, may collect data and conduct evaluations with re-spect to the provision of services and pro-grams described in section 471(e)(1) for pur-poses of assessing the extent to which the provision of the services and programs— ‘‘(A) reduces the likelihood of foster care placement; ‘‘(B) increases use of kinship care arrange-ments; or ‘‘(C) improves child well-being. ‘‘(4) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives periodic re-ports based on the provision of services and programs described in section 471(e)(1) and the activities carried out under this sub-section. ‘‘(B) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary shall make the reports to Congress sub-mitted under this paragraph publicly avail-able. ‘‘(5) A
PPROPRIATION .—Out of any money in the Treasury of the United States not other-wise appropriated, there are appropriated to the Secretary $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2018 and each fiscal year thereafter to carry out this subsection.’’. (e) A
PPLICATION TO PROGRAMS OPERATED BY  I
NDIAN TRIBAL ORGANIZATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 479B of such Act (42 U.S.C. 679c) is amended— (A) in subsection (c)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (C)(i)— (I) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (II) in subclause (III), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(IV) at the option of the tribe, organiza-tion, or consortium, services and programs specified in section 471(e)(1) to children de-scribed in section 471(e)(2) and their parents or kin caregivers, in accordance with section 471(e) and subparagraph (E).’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) PREVENTION SERVICES AND PROGRAMS  
FOR CHILDREN AND THEIR PARENTS AND KIN  
CAREGIVERS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a tribe, or-ganization, or consortium that elects to pro-vide services and programs specified in sec-tion 471(e)(1) to children described in section 471(e)(2) and their parents or kin caregivers under the plan, the Secretary shall specify the requirements applicable to the provision of the services and programs. The require-ments shall, to the greatest extent prac-ticable, be consistent with the requirements applicable to States under section 471(e) and shall permit the provision of the services and programs in the form of services and pro-grams that are adapted to the culture and context of the tribal communities served. ‘‘(ii) P
ERFORMANCE MEASURES .—The Sec- retary shall establish specific performance measures for each tribe, organization, or consortium that elects to provide services and programs specified in section 471(e)(1). The performance measures shall, to the greatest extent practicable, be consistent with the prevention services measures re-quired for States under section 471(e)(6) but shall allow for consideration of factors unique to the provision of the services by tribes, organizations, or consortia.’’; and (B) in subsection (d)(1), by striking ‘‘and (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(5), and (6)(A)’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The heading for subsection (d) of section 479B of such Act (42 U.S.C. 679c) is amended by striking ‘‘
FOR F
OSTER CARE MAINTENANCE AND ADOPTION  A
SSISTANCE PAYMENTS ’’. (f) A
PPLICATION TO PROGRAMS OPERATED BY  T
ERRITORIES .—Section 1108(a)(2) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1308(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘or 413(f)’’ and inserting ‘‘413(f), or 474(a)(6)’’. 
SEC. 50712. FOSTER CARE MAINTENANCE PAY-MENTS FOR CHILDREN WITH PAR-ENTS IN A LICENSED RESIDENTIAL FAMILY-BASED TREATMENT FACIL-ITY FOR SUBSTANCE ABUSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 472 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 672) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)(C), by striking ‘‘or’’ and inserting ‘‘, with a parent residing in a licensed residential family-based treatment facility, but only to the extent permitted under subsection (j), or in a’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) C
HILDREN PLACED WITH A PARENT RE-
SIDING IN A LICENSED RESIDENTIAL FAMILY - B
ASED TREATMENT FACILITY FOR SUBSTANCE  A
BUSE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the pre-ceding provisions of this section, a child who is eligible for foster care maintenance pay-ments under this section, or who would be el-igible for the payments if the eligibility were determined without regard to paragraphs (1)(B) and (3) of subsection (a), shall be eligi-ble for the payments for a period of not more than 12 months during which the child is placed with a parent who is in a licensed res-idential family-based treatment facility for substance abuse, but only if— ‘‘(A) the recommendation for the place-ment is specified in the child’s case plan be-fore the placement; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S773 February 7, 2018 
‘‘(B) the treatment facility provides, as part of the treatment for substance abuse, parenting skills training, parent education, and individual and family counseling; and ‘‘(C) the substance abuse treatment, par-enting skills training, parent education, and individual and family counseling is provided under an organizational structure and treat-ment framework that involves under-standing, recognizing, and responding to the effects of all types of trauma and in accord-ance with recognized principles of a trauma- informed approach and trauma-specific interventions to address the consequences of trauma and facilitate healing. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION .—With respect to chil-dren for whom foster care maintenance pay-ments are made under paragraph (1), only the children who satisfy the requirements of paragraphs (1)(B) and (3) of subsection (a) shall be considered to be children with re-spect to whom foster care maintenance pay-ments are made under this section for pur-poses of subsection (h) or section 473(b)(3)(B).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 474(a)(1) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 674(a)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘subject to section 472(j),’’ before ‘‘an amount equal to the Fed-eral’’ the first place it appears. 
SEC. 50713. TITLE IV–E PAYMENTS FOR EVI-DENCE-BASED KINSHIP NAVIGATOR PROGRAMS. 
Section 474(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 674(a)), as amended by section 50711(c), is amended— (1) in paragraph (6), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; plus’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) an amount equal to 50 percent of the amounts expended by the State during the quarter as the Secretary determines are for kinship navigator programs that meet the requirements described in section 427(a)(1) and that the Secretary determines are oper-ated in accordance with promising, sup-ported, or well-supported practices that meet the applicable criteria specified for the prac-tices in section 471(e)(4)(C), without regard to whether the expenditures are incurred on behalf of children who are, or are poten-tially, eligible for foster care maintenance payments under this part.’’. PART II—ENHANCED SUPPORT UNDER TITLE IV–B 
SEC. 50721. ELIMINATION OF TIME LIMIT FOR FAMILY REUNIFICATION SERVICES WHILE IN FOSTER CARE AND PER-MITTING TIME-LIMITED FAMILY RE-UNIFICATION SERVICES WHEN A CHILD RETURNS HOME FROM FOS-TER CARE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 431(a)(7) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 629a(a)(7)) is amended— (1) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘T
IME-LIMITED FAMILY ’’ and inserting ‘‘F AM-
ILY’’; and (2) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘time-limited family’’ and inserting ‘‘family’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘or a child who has been returned home’’ after ‘‘child care institu-tion’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘, but only during the 15- month period that begins on the date that the child, pursuant to section 475(5)(F), is considered to have entered foster care’’ and inserting ‘‘and to ensure the strength and stability of the reunification. In the case of a child who has been returned home, the services and activities shall only be provided during the 15-month period that begins on the date that the child returns home’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 430 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘time-limited’’. (2) Subsections (a)(4), (a)(5)(A), and (b)(1) of section 432 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629b) are amended by striking ‘‘time-limited’’ each place it appears. SEC. 50722. REDUCING BUREAUCRACY AND UN-NECESSARY DELAYS WHEN PLACING CHILDREN IN HOMES ACROSS STATE LINES. 
(a) S TATE PLAN REQUIREMENT .—Section 471(a)(25) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 671(a)(25)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘provide’’ and inserting ‘‘provides’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘, which, in the case of a State other than the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Is-lands, Guam, or American Samoa, not later than October 1, 2027, shall include the use of an electronic interstate case-processing sys-tem’’ before the first semicolon. (b) E
XEMPTION OF INDIAN TRIBES .—Section 479B(c) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 679c(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF STATE PLAN RE -
QUIREMENT TO HAVE IN EFFECT PROCEDURES  
PROVIDING FOR THE USE OF AN ELECTRONIC  
INTERSTATE CASE -PROCESSING SYSTEM .—.The requirement in section 471(a)(25) that a State plan provide that the State shall have in ef-fect procedures providing for the use of an electronic interstate case-processing system shall not apply to an Indian tribe, tribal or-ganization, or tribal consortium that elects to operate a program under this part.’’. (c) F
UNDING FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF AN  E
LECTRONIC INTERSTATE CASE-PROCESSING  S
YSTEM TO EXPEDITE THE INTERSTATE PLACE -
MENT OF CHILDREN IN FOSTER CARE OR  G
UARDIANSHIP , OR FOR ADOPTION .—Section 437 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629g) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) F
UNDING FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF AN  E
LECTRONIC INTERSTATE CASE-PROCESSING  S
YSTEM TO EXPEDITE THE INTERSTATE PLACE -
MENT OF CHILDREN IN FOSTER CARE OR  G
UARDIANSHIP , OR FOR ADOPTION .— ‘‘(1) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this sub-section is to facilitate the development of an electronic interstate case-processing system for the exchange of data and documents to expedite the placements of children in foster, guardianship, or adoptive homes across State lines. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A State that seeks funding under this subsection shall submit to the Secretary the following: ‘‘(A) A description of the goals and out-comes to be achieved, which goals and out-comes must result in— ‘‘(i) reducing the time it takes for a child to be provided with a safe and appropriate permanent living arrangement across State lines; ‘‘(ii) improving administrative processes and reducing costs in the foster care system; and ‘‘(iii) the secure exchange of relevant case files and other necessary materials in real time, and timely communications and place-ment decisions regarding interstate place-ments of children. ‘‘(B) A description of the activities to be funded in whole or in part with the funds, in-cluding the sequencing of the activities. ‘‘(C) A description of the strategies for in-tegrating programs and services for children who are placed across State lines. ‘‘(D) Such other information as the Sec-retary may require. ‘‘(3) F
UNDING AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may provide funds to a State that complies with paragraph (2). In providing funds under this subsection, the Secretary shall prioritize States that are not yet connected with the electronic interstate case-proc-essing system referred to in paragraph (1). ‘‘(4) U
SE OF FUNDS .—A State to which fund-ing is provided under this subsection shall use the funding to support the State in con-necting with, or enhancing or expediting services provided under, the electronic inter-state case-processing system referred to in paragraph (1). ‘‘(5) EVALUATIONS .—Not later than 1 year after the final year in which funds are awarded under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to the Congress, and make available to the general public by posting on a website, a report that contains the fol-lowing information: ‘‘(A) How using the electronic interstate case-processing system developed pursuant to paragraph (4) has changed the time it takes for children to be placed across State lines. ‘‘(B) The number of cases subject to the Interstate Compact on the Placement of Children that were processed through the electronic interstate case-processing system, and the number of interstate child place-ment cases that were processed outside the electronic interstate case-processing system, by each State in each year. ‘‘(C) The progress made by States in imple-menting the electronic interstate case-proc-essing system. ‘‘(D) How using the electronic interstate case-processing system has affected various metrics related to child safety and well- being, including the time it takes for chil-dren to be placed across State lines. ‘‘(E) How using the electronic interstate case-processing system has affected adminis-trative costs and caseworker time spent on placing children across State lines. ‘‘(6) D
ATA INTEGRATION .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Secretariat for the Interstate Compact on the Placement of Children and the States, shall assess how the electronic interstate case-processing system developed pursuant to paragraph (4) could be used to better serve and protect children that come to the attention of the child wel-fare system, by— ‘‘(A) connecting the system with other data systems (such as systems operated by State law enforcement and judicial agencies, systems operated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation for the purposes of the Inno-cence Lost National Initiative, and other systems); ‘‘(B) simplifying and improving reporting related to paragraphs (34) and (35) of section 471(a) regarding children or youth who have been identified as being a sex trafficking vic-tim or children missing from foster care; and ‘‘(C) improving the ability of States to quickly comply with background check re-quirements of section 471(a)(20), including checks of child abuse and neglect registries as required by section 471(a)(20)(B).’’. (d) R
ESERVATION OF FUNDS TOIMPROVE THE  I
NTERSTATE PLACEMENT OF CHILDREN .—Sec- tion 437(b) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629g(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) I
MPROVING THE INTERSTATE PLACEMENT  
OF CHILDREN .—The Secretary shall reserve $5,000,000 of the amount made available for fiscal year 2018 for grants under subsection (g), and the amount so reserved shall remain available through fiscal year 2022.’’. 
SEC. 50723. ENHANCEMENTS TO GRANTS TO IM-PROVE WELL-BEING OF FAMILIES AFFECTED BY SUBSTANCE ABUSE. 
Section 437(f) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 629g(f)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘I
NCREASE THE WELL-BEING OF , AND TOIM-
PROVE THE PERMANENCY OUTCOMES FOR , CHIL-
DREN AFFECTED BY ’’ and inserting ‘‘I MPLE -
MENT IV–E P REVENTION SERVICES , AND IM-
PROVE THE WELL-BEING OF , ANDIMPROVE PER-
MANENCY OUTCOMES FOR , CHILDREN AND FAMI-
LIES AFFECTED BY HEROIN , O PIOIDS , AND O
THER ’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES774 February 7, 2018 
(2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) R
EGIONAL PARTNERSHIP DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘regional partner-ship’ means a collaborative agreement (which may be established on an interstate, State, or intrastate basis) entered into by the following: ‘‘(A) M
ANDATORY PARTNERS FOR ALL PART -
NERSHIP GRANTS .— ‘‘(i) The State child welfare agency that is responsible for the administration of the State plan under this part and part E. ‘‘(ii) The State agency responsible for ad-ministering the substance abuse prevention and treatment block grant provided under subpart II of part B of title XIX of the Public Health Service Act. ‘‘(B) M
ANDATORY PARTNERS FOR PARTNER -
SHIP GRANTS PROPOSING TO SERVE CHILDREN IN  
OUT-OF-HOME PLACEMENTS .—If the partner-ship proposes to serve children in out-of- home placements, the Juvenile Court or Ad-ministrative Office of the Court that is most appropriate to oversee the administration of court programs in the region to address the population of families who come to the at-tention of the court due to child abuse or ne-glect. ‘‘(C) O
PTIONAL PARTNERS .—At the option of the partnership, any of the following: ‘‘(i) An Indian tribe or tribal consortium. ‘‘(ii) Nonprofit child welfare service pro-viders. ‘‘(iii) For-profit child welfare service pro-viders. ‘‘(iv) Community health service providers, including substance abuse treatment pro-viders. ‘‘(v) Community mental health providers. ‘‘(vi) Local law enforcement agencies. ‘‘(vii) School personnel. ‘‘(viii) Tribal child welfare agencies (or a consortia of the agencies). ‘‘(ix) Any other providers, agencies, per-sonnel, officials, or entities that are related to the provision of child and family services under a State plan approved under this sub-part. ‘‘(D) E
XCEPTION FOR REGIONAL PARTNER -
SHIPS WHERE THE LEAD APPLICANT IS AN IN -
DIAN TRIBE OR TRIBAL CONSORTIA .—If an In- dian tribe or tribal consortium enters into a regional partnership for purposes of this sub-section, the Indian tribe or tribal consor-tium— ‘‘(i) may (but is not required to) include the State child welfare agency as a partner in the collaborative agreement; ‘‘(ii) may not enter into a collaborative agreement only with tribal child welfare agencies (or a consortium of the agencies); and ‘‘(iii) if the condition described in para-graph (2)(B) applies, may include tribal court organizations in lieu of other judicial part-ners.’’; (3) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘2012 through 2016’’ and in-serting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘$500,000 and not more than $1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$250,000 and not more than $1,000,000’’; (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in the subparagraph heading, by insert-ing ‘‘; 
PLANNING ’’ after ‘‘ APPROVAL ’’; (ii) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘clause (ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘clauses (ii) and (iii)’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) S
UFFICIENT PLANNING .—A grant awarded under this subsection shall be dis-bursed in two phases: a planning phase (not to exceed 2 years) and an implementation phase. The total disbursement to a grantee for the planning phase may not exceed $250,000, and may not exceed the total antici-pated funding for the implementation phase.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) LIMITATION ON PAYMENT FOR A FISCAL  
YEAR .—No payment shall be made under sub-paragraph (A) or (C) for a fiscal year until the Secretary determines that the eligible partnership has made sufficient progress in meeting the goals of the grant and that the members of the eligible partnership are co-ordinating to a reasonable degree with the other members of the eligible partnership.’’; (4) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘, parents, and families’’ after ‘‘children’’; (ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘safety and permanence for such children; and’’ and in-serting ‘‘safe, permanent caregiving rela-tionships for the children;’’; (iii) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘or’’ and in-serting ‘‘increase reunification rates for chil-dren who have been placed in out-of-home care, or decrease’’; and (iv) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause (v) and inserting after clause (ii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iii) improve the substance abuse treat-ment outcomes for parents including reten-tion in treatment and successful completion of treatment; ‘‘(iv) facilitate the implementation, deliv-ery, and effectiveness of prevention services and programs under section 471(e); and’’; (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘where appropriate,’’; and (C) by striking subparagraphs (E) and (F) and inserting the following: ‘‘(E) A description of a plan for sustaining the services provided by or activities funded under the grant after the conclusion of the grant period, including through the use of prevention services and programs under sec-tion 471(e) and other funds provided to the State for child welfare and substance abuse prevention and treatment services. ‘‘(F) Additional information needed by the Secretary to determine that the proposed ac-tivities and implementation will be con-sistent with research or evaluations showing which practices and approaches are most ef-fective.’’; (5) in paragraph (5)(A), by striking ‘‘abuse treatment’’ and inserting ‘‘use disorder treatment including medication assisted treatment and in-home substance abuse dis-order treatment and recovery’’; (6) in paragraph (7)— (A) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of sub-paragraph (C); and (B) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (E) and inserting after sub-paragraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) demonstrate a track record of suc-cessful collaboration among child welfare, substance abuse disorder treatment and mental health agencies; and’’; (7) in paragraph (8)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘establish indicators that will be’’ and inserting ‘‘review indicators that are’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘in using funds made avail-able under such grants to achieve the pur-pose of this subsection’’ and inserting ‘‘and establish a set of core indicators related to child safety, parental recovery, parenting ca-pacity, and family well-being. In developing the core indicators, to the extent possible, indicators shall be made consistent with the outcome measures described in section 471(e)(6)’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-serting ‘‘base the performance measures on lessons learned from prior rounds of regional partnership grants under this subsection, and’’ before ‘‘consult’’; and (ii) by striking clauses (iii) and (iv) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(iii) Other stakeholders or constituencies as determined by the Secretary.’’; (8) in paragraph (9)(A), by striking clause (i) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) S
EMIANNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than September 30 of each fiscal year in which a recipient of a grant under this subsection is paid funds under the grant, and every 6 months thereafter, the grant recipient shall submit to the Secretary a report on the serv-ices provided and activities carried out dur-ing the reporting period, progress made in achieving the goals of the program, the num-ber of children, adults, and families receiv-ing services, and such additional information as the Secretary determines is necessary. The report due not later than September 30 of the last such fiscal year shall include, at a minimum, data on each of the performance indicators included in the evaluation of the regional partnership.’’; and (9) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’. PART III—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 50731. REVIEWING AND IMPROVING LICENS-ING STANDARDS FOR PLACEMENT IN A RELATIVE FOSTER FAMILY HOME. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF REPUTABLE MODEL  L
ICENSING STANDARDS .—Not later than Octo-ber 1, 2018, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall identify reputable model licensing standards with respect to the licensing of foster family homes (as de-fined in section 472(c)(1) of the Social Secu-rity Act). (b) S
TATE PLAN REQUIREMENT .—Section 471(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 671(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (34)(B), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (2) in paragraph (35)(B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(36) provides that, not later than April 1, 2019, the State shall submit to the Secretary information addressing— ‘‘(A) whether the State licensing standards are in accord with model standards identi-fied by the Secretary, and if not, the reason for the specific deviation and a description as to why having a standard that is reason-ably in accord with the corresponding na-tional model standards is not appropriate for the State; ‘‘(B) whether the State has elected to waive standards established in 471(a)(10)(A) for relative foster family homes (pursuant to waiver authority provided by 471(a)(10)(D)), a description of which standards the State most commonly waives, and if the State has not elected to waive the standards, the rea-son for not waiving these standards; ‘‘(C) if the State has elected to waive standards specified in subparagraph (B), how caseworkers are trained to use the waiver authority and whether the State has devel-oped a process or provided tools to assist caseworkers in waiving nonsafety standards per the authority provided in 471(a)(10)(D) to quickly place children with relatives; and ‘‘(D) a description of the steps the State is taking to improve caseworker training or the process, if any; and’’. 
SEC. 50732. DEVELOPMENT OF A STATEWIDE PLAN TO PREVENT CHILD ABUSE AND NEGLECT FATALITIES. 
Section 422(b)(19) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 622(b)(19)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(19) document steps taken to track and prevent child maltreatment deaths by in-cluding— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S775 February 7, 2018 
‘‘(A) a description of the steps the State is taking to compile complete and accurate in-formation on the deaths required by Federal law to be reported by the State agency re-ferred to in paragraph (1), including gath-ering relevant information on the deaths from the relevant organizations in the State including entities such as State vital statis-tics department, child death review teams, law enforcement agencies, offices of medical examiners, or coroners; and ‘‘(B) a description of the steps the State is taking to develop and implement a com-prehensive, statewide plan to prevent the fa-talities that involves and engages relevant public and private agency partners, includ-ing those in public health, law enforcement, and the courts.’’. 
SEC. 50733. MODERNIZING THE TITLE AND PUR-POSE OF TITLE IV–E. 
(a) P ARTHEADING .—The heading for part E of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 670 et seq.) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘PART E—FEDERAL PAYMENTS FOR FOS-TER CARE, PREVENTION, AND PERMA-NENCY’’. (b) P
URPOSE .—The first sentence of section 470 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 670) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘1995) and’’ and inserting ‘‘1995),’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘kinship guardianship as-sistance, and prevention services or pro-grams specified in section 471(e)(1),’’ after ‘‘needs,’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘(commencing with the fis-cal year which begins October 1, 1980)’’. 
SEC. 50734. EFFECTIVE DATES. 
(a) E FFECTIVE DATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), subject to subsection (b), the amendments made by parts I through III of this subtitle shall take effect on October 1, 2018. (2) E
XCEPTIONS .—The amendments made by sections 50711(d), 50731, and 50733 shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. (b) T
RANSITION RULE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a State plan under part B or E of title IV of the Social Se-curity Act which the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines requires State legislation (other than legislation ap-propriating funds) in order for the plan to meet the additional requirements imposed by the amendments made by parts I through III of this subtitle, the State plan shall not be regarded as failing to comply with the re-quirements of such part solely on the basis of the failure of the plan to meet such addi-tional requirements before the first day of the first calendar quarter beginning after the close of the first regular session of the State legislature that begins after the date of en-actment of this Act. For purposes of the pre-vious sentence, in the case of a State that has a 2-year legislative session, each year of the session shall be deemed to be a separate regular session of the State legislature. (2) A
PPLICATION TO PROGRAMS OPERATED BY  
INDIAN TRIBAL ORGANIZATIONS .—In the case of an Indian tribe, tribal organization, or tribal consortium which the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines requires time to take action necessary to comply with the additional requirements imposed by the amendments made by parts I through III of this subtitle (whether the tribe, organiza-tion, or tribal consortium has a plan under section 479B of the Social Security Act or a cooperative agreement or contract entered into with a State), the Secretary shall pro-vide the tribe, organization, or tribal consor-tium with such additional time as the Sec-retary determines is necessary for the tribe, organization, or tribal consortium to take the action to comply with the additional re-quirements before being regarded as failing to comply with the requirements. PART IV—ENSURING THE NECESSITY OF A PLACEMENT THAT IS NOT IN A FOSTER FAMILY HOME SEC. 50741. LIMITATION ON FEDERAL FINANCIAL PARTICIPATION FOR PLACEMENTS THAT ARE NOT IN FOSTER FAMILY HOMES. 
(a) L IMITATION ON FEDERAL FINANCIAL PAR-
TICIPATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 472 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 672), as amended by section 50712(a), is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(2)(C), by inserting ‘‘, but only to the extent permitted under sub-section (k)’’ after ‘‘institution’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) L
IMITATION ON FEDERAL FINANCIAL  P
ARTICIPATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning with the third week for which foster care maintenance pay-ments are made under this section on behalf of a child placed in a child-care institution, no Federal payment shall be made to the State under section 474(a)(1) for amounts ex-pended for foster care maintenance pay-ments on behalf of the child unless— ‘‘(A) the child is placed in a child-care in-stitution that is a setting specified in para-graph (2) (or is placed in a licensed residen-tial family-based treatment facility con-sistent with subsection (j)); and ‘‘(B) in the case of a child placed in a quali-fied residential treatment program (as de-fined in paragraph (4)), the requirements specified in paragraph (3) and section 475A(c) are met. ‘‘(2) S
PECIFIED SETTINGS FOR PLACEMENT .— The settings for placement specified in this paragraph are the following: ‘‘(A) A qualified residential treatment pro-gram (as defined in paragraph (4)). ‘‘(B) A setting specializing in providing prenatal, post-partum, or parenting supports for youth. ‘‘(C) In the case of a child who has attained 18 years of age, a supervised setting in which the child is living independently. ‘‘(D) A setting providing high-quality resi-dential care and supportive services to chil-dren and youth who have been found to be, or are at risk of becoming, sex trafficking vic-tims, in accordance with section 471(a)(9)(C). ‘‘(3) A
SSESSMENT TO DETERMINE APPRO -
PRIATENESS OF PLACEMENT IN A QUALIFIED  
RESIDENTIAL TREATMENT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(A) D
EADLINE FOR ASSESSMENT .—In the case of a child who is placed in a qualified residential treatment program, if the assess-ment required under section 475A(c)(1) is not completed within 30 days after the place-ment is made, no Federal payment shall be made to the State under section 474(a)(1) for any amounts expended for foster care main-tenance payments on behalf of the child dur-ing the placement. ‘‘(B) D
EADLINE FOR TRANSITION OUT OF  
PLACEMENT .—If the assessment required under section 475A(c)(1) determines that the placement of a child in a qualified residen-tial treatment program is not appropriate, a court disapproves such a placement under section 475A(c)(2), or a child who has been in an approved placement in a qualified resi-dential treatment program is going to return home or be placed with a fit and willing rel-ative, a legal guardian, or an adoptive par-ent, or in a foster family home, Federal pay-ments shall be made to the State under sec-tion 474(a)(1) for amounts expended for foster care maintenance payments on behalf of the child while the child remains in the qualified residential treatment program only during the period necessary for the child to transi-tion home or to such a placement. In no event shall a State receive Federal payments under section 474(a)(1) for amounts expended for foster care maintenance payments on be-half of a child who remains placed in a quali-fied residential treatment program after the end of the 30-day period that begins on the date a determination is made that the place-ment is no longer the recommended or ap-proved placement for the child. ‘‘(4) QUALIFIED RESIDENTIAL TREATMENT  
PROGRAM .—For purposes of this part, the term ‘qualified residential treatment pro-gram’ means a program that— ‘‘(A) has a trauma-informed treatment model that is designed to address the needs, including clinical needs as appropriate, of children with serious emotional or behav-ioral disorders or disturbances and, with re-spect to a child, is able to implement the treatment identified for the child by the as-sessment of the child required under section 475A(c); ‘‘(B) subject to paragraphs (5) and (6), has registered or licensed nursing staff and other licensed clinical staff who— ‘‘(i) provide care within the scope of their practice as defined by State law; ‘‘(ii) are on-site according to the treatment model referred to in subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(iii) are available 24 hours a day and 7 days a week; ‘‘(C) to extent appropriate, and in accord-ance with the child’s best interests, facili-tates participation of family members in the child’s treatment program; ‘‘(D) facilitates outreach to the family members of the child, including siblings, documents how the outreach is made (includ-ing contact information), and maintains con-tact information for any known biological family and fictive kin of the child; ‘‘(E) documents how family members are integrated into the treatment process for the child, including post-discharge, and how sib-ling connections are maintained; ‘‘(F) provides discharge planning and fam-ily-based aftercare support for at least 6 months post-discharge; and ‘‘(G) is licensed in accordance with section 471(a)(10) and is accredited by any of the fol-lowing independent, not-for-profit organiza-tions: ‘‘(i) The Commission on Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities (CARF). ‘‘(ii) The Joint Commission on Accredita-tion of Healthcare Organizations (JCAHO). ‘‘(iii) The Council on Accreditation (COA). ‘‘(iv) Any other independent, not-for-profit accrediting organization approved by the Secretary. ‘‘(5) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—The prohibi-tion in paragraph (1) on Federal payments under section 474(a)(1) shall not be construed as prohibiting Federal payments for admin-istrative expenditures incurred on behalf of a child placed in a child-care institution and for which payment is available under section 474(a)(3). ‘‘(6) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The require-ments in paragraph (4)(B) shall not be con-strued as requiring a qualified residential treatment program to acquire nursing and behavioral health staff solely through means of a direct employer to employee relation-ship.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 474(a)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 674(a)(1)), as amended by section 50712(b), is amended by striking ‘‘section 472(j)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsections (j) and (k) of section 472’’. (b) D
EFINITION OF FOSTER FAMILY HOME, C
HILD-CARE INSTITUTION .—Section 472(c) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 672(c)(1)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this part: ‘‘(1) F
OSTER FAMILY HOME .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES776 February 7, 2018 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘foster family home’ means the home of an individual or family— ‘‘(i) that is licensed or approved by the State in which it is situated as a foster fam-ily home that meets the standards estab-lished for the licensing or approval; and ‘‘(ii) in which a child in foster care has been placed in the care of an individual, who resides with the child and who has been li-censed or approved by the State to be a fos-ter parent— ‘‘(I) that the State deems capable of adher-ing to the reasonable and prudent parent standard; ‘‘(II) that provides 24-hour substitute care for children placed away from their parents or other caretakers; and ‘‘(III) that provides the care for not more than six children in foster care. ‘‘(B) S
TATE FLEXIBILITY .—The number of foster children that may be cared for in a home under subparagraph (A) may exceed the numerical limitation in subparagraph (A)(ii)(III), at the option of the State, for any of the following reasons: ‘‘(i) To allow a parenting youth in foster care to remain with the child of the par-enting youth. ‘‘(ii) To allow siblings to remain together. ‘‘(iii) To allow a child with an established meaningful relationship with the family to remain with the family. ‘‘(iv) To allow a family with special train-ing or skills to provide care to a child who has a severe disability. ‘‘(C) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Subpara- graph (A) shall not be construed as prohib-iting a foster parent from renting the home in which the parent cares for a foster child placed in the parent’s care. ‘‘(2) C
HILD-CARE INSTITUTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘child-care in-stitution’ means a private child-care institu-tion, or a public child-care institution which accommodates no more than 25 children, which is licensed by the State in which it is situated or has been approved by the agency of the State responsible for licensing or ap-proval of institutions of this type as meeting the standards established for the licensing. ‘‘(B) S
UPERVISED SETTINGS .—In the case of a child who has attained 18 years of age, the term shall include a supervised setting in which the individual is living independently, in accordance with such conditions as the Secretary shall establish in regulations. ‘‘(C) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term shall not in-clude detention facilities, forestry camps, training schools, or any other facility oper-ated primarily for the detention of children who are determined to be delinquent.’’. (c) T
RAINING FOR STATE JUDGES , ATTOR -
NEYS , ANDOTHER LEGAL PERSONNEL IN CHILD W
ELFARE CASES.—Section 438(b)(1) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629h(b)(1)) is amended in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) by insert-ing ‘‘shall provide for the training of judges, attorneys, and other legal personnel in child welfare cases on Federal child welfare poli-cies and payment limitations with respect to children in foster care who are placed in set-tings that are not a foster family home,’’ after ‘‘with respect to the child,’’. (d) A
SSURANCE OF NONIMPACT ON JUVENILE  J
USTICE SYSTEM .— (1) S
TATE PLAN REQUIREMENT .—Section 471(a) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 671(a)), as amended by section 50731, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(37) includes a certification that, in re-sponse to the limitation imposed under sec-tion 472(k) with respect to foster care main-tenance payments made on behalf of any child who is placed in a setting that is not a foster family home, the State will not enact or advance policies or practices that would result in a significant increase in the popu-lation of youth in the State’s juvenile justice system.’’. (2) GAO STUDY AND REPORT .—The Comp-troller General of the United States shall evaluate the impact, if any, on State juve-nile justice systems of the limitation im-posed under section 472(k) of the Social Se-curity Act (as added by section 50741(a)(1)) on foster care maintenance payments made on behalf of any child who is placed in a setting that is not a foster family home, in accord-ance with the amendments made by sub-sections (a) and (b) of this section. In par-ticular, the Comptroller General shall evalu-ate the extent to which children in foster care who also are subject to the juvenile jus-tice system of the State are placed in a facil-ity under the jurisdiction of the juvenile jus-tice system and whether the lack of avail-able congregate care placements under the jurisdiction of the child welfare systems is a contributing factor to that result. Not later than December 31, 2025, the Comptroller Gen-eral shall submit to Congress a report on the results of the evaluation. 
SEC. 50742. ASSESSMENT AND DOCUMENTATION OF THE NEED FOR PLACEMENT IN A QUALIFIED RESIDENTIAL TREAT-MENT PROGRAM. 
Section 475A of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 675a) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) A
SSESSMENT , DOCUMENTATION , ANDJU-
DICIAL DETERMINATION REQUIREMENTS FOR  P
LACEMENT IN A QUALIFIED RESIDENTIAL  T
REATMENT PROGRAM .—In the case of any child who is placed in a qualified residential treatment program (as defined in section 472(k)(4)), the following requirements shall apply for purposes of approving the case plan for the child and the case system review pro-cedure for the child: ‘‘(1)(A) Within 30 days of the start of each placement in such a setting, a qualified indi-vidual (as defined in subparagraph (D)) shall— ‘‘(i) assess the strengths and needs of the child using an age-appropriate, evidence- based, validated, functional assessment tool approved by the Secretary; ‘‘(ii) determine whether the needs of the child can be met with family members or through placement in a foster family home or, if not, which setting from among the set-tings specified in section 472(k)(2) would pro-vide the most effective and appropriate level of care for the child in the least restrictive environment and be consistent with the short- and long-term goals for the child, as specified in the permanency plan for the child; and ‘‘(iii) develop a list of child-specific short- and long-term mental and behavioral health goals. ‘‘(B)(i) The State shall assemble a family and permanency team for the child in ac-cordance with the requirements of clauses (ii) and (iii). The qualified individual con-ducting the assessment required under sub-paragraph (A) shall work in conjunction with the family of, and permanency team for, the child while conducting and making the as-sessment. ‘‘(ii) The family and permanency team shall consist of all appropriate biological family members, relative, and fictive kin of the child, as well as, as appropriate, profes-sionals who are a resource to the family of the child, such as teachers, medical or men-tal health providers who have treated the child, or clergy. In the case of a child who has attained age 14, the family and perma-nency team shall include the members of the permanency planning team for the child that are selected by the child in accordance with section 475(5)(C)(iv). ‘‘(iii) The State shall document in the child’s case plan— ‘‘(I) the reasonable and good faith effort of the State to identify and include all the indi-viduals described in clause (ii) on the child’s family and permanency team; ‘‘(II) all contact information for members of the family and permanency team, as well as contact information for other family members and fictive kin who are not part of the family and permanency team; ‘‘(III) evidence that meetings of the family and permanency team, including meetings relating to the assessment required under subparagraph (A), are held at a time and place convenient for family; ‘‘(IV) if reunification is the goal, evidence demonstrating that the parent from whom the child was removed provided input on the members of the family and permanency team; ‘‘(V) evidence that the assessment required under subparagraph (A) is determined in con-junction with the family and permanency team; ‘‘(VI) the placement preferences of the family and permanency team relative to the assessment that recognizes children should be placed with their siblings unless there is a finding by the court that such placement is contrary to their best interest; and ‘‘(VII) if the placement preferences of the family and permanency team and child are not the placement setting recommended by the qualified individual conducting the as-sessment under subparagraph (A), the rea-sons why the preferences of the team and of the child were not recommended. ‘‘(C) In the case of a child who the qualified individual conducting the assessment under subparagraph (A) determines should not be placed in a foster family home, the qualified individual shall specify in writing the rea-sons why the needs of the child cannot be met by the family of the child or in a foster family home. A shortage or lack of foster family homes shall not be an acceptable rea-son for determining that the needs of the child cannot be met in a foster family home. The qualified individual also shall specify in writing why the recommended placement in a qualified residential treatment program is the setting that will provide the child with the most effective and appropriate level of care in the least restrictive environment and how that placement is consistent with the short- and long-term goals for the child, as specified in the permanency plan for the child. ‘‘(D)(i) Subject to clause (ii), in this sub-section, the term ‘qualified individual’ means a trained professional or licensed cli-nician who is not an employee of the State agency and who is not connected to, or affili-ated with, any placement setting in which children are placed by the State. ‘‘(ii) The Secretary may approve a request of a State to waive any requirement in clause (i) upon a submission by the State, in accordance with criteria established by the Secretary, that certifies that the trained professionals or licensed clinicians with re-sponsibility for performing the assessments described in subparagraph (A) shall maintain objectivity with respect to determining the most effective and appropriate placement for a child. ‘‘(2) Within 60 days of the start of each placement in a qualified residential treat-ment program, a family or juvenile court or another court (including a tribal court) of competent jurisdiction, or an administrative body appointed or approved by the court, independently, shall— ‘‘(A) consider the assessment, determina-tion, and documentation made by the quali-fied individual conducting the assessment under paragraph (1); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S777 February 7, 2018 
‘‘(B) determine whether the needs of the child can be met through placement in a fos-ter family home or, if not, whether place-ment of the child in a qualified residential treatment program provides the most effec-tive and appropriate level of care for the child in the least restrictive environment and whether that placement is consistent with the short- and long-term goals for the child, as specified in the permanency plan for the child; and ‘‘(C) approve or disapprove the placement. ‘‘(3) The written documentation made under paragraph (1)(C) and documentation of the determination and approval or dis-approval of the placement in a qualified resi-dential treatment program by a court or ad-ministrative body under paragraph (2) shall be included in and made part of the case plan for the child. ‘‘(4) As long as a child remains placed in a qualified residential treatment program, the State agency shall submit evidence at each status review and each permanency hearing held with respect to the child— ‘‘(A) demonstrating that ongoing assess-ment of the strengths and needs of the child continues to support the determination that the needs of the child cannot be met through placement in a foster family home, that the placement in a qualified residential treat-ment program provides the most effective and appropriate level of care for the child in the least restrictive environment, and that the placement is consistent with the short- and long-term goals for the child, as speci-fied in the permanency plan for the child; ‘‘(B) documenting the specific treatment or service needs that will be met for the child in the placement and the length of time the child is expected to need the treat-ment or services; and ‘‘(C) documenting the efforts made by the State agency to prepare the child to return home or to be placed with a fit and willing relative, a legal guardian, or an adoptive parent, or in a foster family home. ‘‘(5) In the case of any child who is placed in a qualified residential treatment program for more than 12 consecutive months or 18 nonconsecutive months (or, in the case of a child who has not attained age 13, for more than 6 consecutive or nonconsecutive months), the State agency shall submit to the Secretary— ‘‘(A) the most recent versions of the evi-dence and documentation specified in para-graph (4); and ‘‘(B) the signed approval of the head of the State agency for the continued placement of the child in that setting.’’. 
SEC. 50743. PROTOCOLS TO PREVENT INAPPRO-PRIATE DIAGNOSES. 
(a) S TATE PLAN REQUIREMENT .—Section 422(b)(15)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 622(b)(15)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (vi), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (2) by redesignating clause (vii) as clause (viii); and (3) by inserting after clause (vi) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(vii) the procedures and protocols the State has established to ensure that children in foster care placements are not inappropri-ately diagnosed with mental illness, other emotional or behavioral disorders, medically fragile conditions, or developmental disabil-ities, and placed in settings that are not fos-ter family homes as a result of the inappro-priate diagnoses; and’’. (b) E
VALUATION .—Section 476 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 676), as amended by section 50711(d), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) E
VALUATION OF STATE PROCEDURES  
AND PROTOCOLS TOPREVENT INAPPROPRIATE  D
IAGNOSES OF MENTAL ILLNESS OR OTHER  CONDITIONS .—The Secretary shall conduct an evaluation of the procedures and protocols established by States in accordance with the requirements of section 422(b)(15)(A)(vii). The evaluation shall analyze the extent to which States comply with and enforce the procedures and protocols and the effective-ness of various State procedures and proto-cols and shall identify best practices. Not later than January 1, 2020, the Secretary shall submit a report on the results of the evaluation to Congress.’’. 
SEC. 50744. ADDITIONAL DATA AND REPORTS RE-GARDING CHILDREN PLACED IN A SETTING THAT IS NOT A FOSTER FAMILY HOME. 
Section 479A(a)(7)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 679b(a)(7)(A)) is amended by striking clauses (i) through (vi) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) with respect to each such placement— ‘‘(I) the type of the placement setting, in-cluding whether the placement is shelter care, a group home and if so, the range of the child population in the home, a residential treatment facility, a hospital or institution providing medical, rehabilitative, or psy-chiatric care, a setting specializing in pro-viding prenatal, post-partum, or parenting supports, or some other kind of child-care in-stitution and if so, what kind; ‘‘(II) the number of children in the place-ment setting and the age, race, ethnicity, and gender of each of the children; ‘‘(III) for each child in the placement set-ting, the length of the placement of the child in the setting, whether the placement of the child in the setting is the first placement of the child and if not, the number and type of previous placements of the child, and wheth-er the child has special needs or another di-agnosed mental or physical illness or condi-tion; and ‘‘(IV) the extent of any specialized edu-cation, treatment, counseling, or other serv-ices provided in the setting; and ‘‘(ii) separately, the number and ages of children in the placements who have a per-manency plan of another planned permanent living arrangement; and’’. 
SEC. 50745. CRIMINAL RECORDS CHECKS AND CHECKS OF CHILD ABUSE AND NE-GLECT REGISTRIES FOR ADULTS WORKING IN CHILD-CARE INSTITU-TIONS AND OTHER GROUP CARE SETTINGS. 
(a) S TATE PLAN REQUIREMENT .—Section 471(a)(20) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 671(a)(20)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (2) in subparagraph (B)(iii), by striking ‘‘and’’after the semicolon; (3) in subparagraph (C), by adding ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; and (4) by inserting after subparagraph (C), the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) provides procedures for any child-care institution, including a group home, residen-tial treatment center, shelter, or other con-gregate care setting, to conduct criminal records checks, including fingerprint-based checks of national crime information data-bases (as defined in section 534(f)(3)(A) of title 28, United States Code), and checks de-scribed in subparagraph (B) of this para-graph, on any adult working in a child-care institution, including a group home, residen-tial treatment center, shelter, or other con-gregate care setting, unless the State reports to the Secretary the alternative criminal records checks and child abuse registry checks the State conducts on any adult working in a child-care institution, includ-ing a group home, residential treatment cen-ter, shelter, or other congregate care setting, and why the checks specified in this subpara-graph are not appropriate for the State;’’. (b) TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—Subpara- graphs (A) and (C) of section 471(a)(20) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 671(a)(20)) are each amended by striking ‘‘section 534(e)(3)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 534(f)(3)(A)’’. 
SEC. 50746. EFFECTIVE DATES; APPLICATION TO WAIVERS. 
(a) E FFECTIVE DATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2) and subsections (b), (c), and (d), the amend-ments made by this part shall take effect as if enacted on January 1, 2018. (2) T
RANSITION RULE .—In the case of a State plan under part B or E of title IV of the Social Security Act which the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines re-quires State legislation (other than legisla-tion appropriating funds) in order for the plan to meet the additional requirements imposed by the amendments made by this part, the State plan shall not be regarded as failing to comply with the requirements of part B or E of title IV of such Act solely on the basis of the failure of the plan to meet the additional requirements before the first day of the first calendar quarter beginning after the close of the first regular session of the State legislature that begins after the date of enactment of this Act. For purposes of the previous sentence, in the case of a State that has a 2-year legislative session, each year of the session shall be deemed to be a separate regular session of the State legislature. (b) L
IMITATION ON FEDERAL FINANCIAL PAR-
TICIPATION FOR PLACEMENTS THATARENOT IN  F
OSTER FAMILY HOMES AND RELATED PROVI-
SIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by sections 50741(a), 50741(b), 50741(d), and 50742 shall take effect on October 1, 2019. (2) S
TATE OPTION TO DELAY EFFECTIVE DATE  
FOR NOT MORE THAN 2 YEARS .—If a State re-quests a delay in the effective date, the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services shall delay the effective date provided for in para-graph (1) with respect to the State for the amount of time requested by the State, not to exceed 2 years. If the effective date is so delayed for a period with respect to a State under the preceding sentence, then— (A) notwithstanding section 50734, the date that the amendments made by section 50711(c) take effect with respect to the State shall be delayed for the period; and (B) in applying section 474(a)(6) of the So-cial Security Act with respect to the State, ‘‘on or after the date this paragraph takes ef-fect with respect to the State’’ is deemed to be substituted for ‘‘after September 30, 2019’’ in subparagraph (A)(i)(I) of such section. (c) C
RIMINAL RECORDS CHECKS AND CHECKS  
OFCHILD ABUSE AND NEGLECT REGISTRIES  
FORADULTS WORKING IN CHILD-CARE INSTITU -
TIONS AND OTHER GROUP CARE SETTINGS .— Subject to subsection (a)(2), the amendments made by section 50745 shall take effect on Oc-tober 1, 2018. (d) A
PPLICATION TO STATES WITHWAIV-
ERS.—In the case of a State that, on the date of enactment of this Act, has in effect a waiver approved under section 1130 of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–9), the amendments made by this part shall not apply with respect to the State before the expiration (determined without regard to any extensions) of the waiver to the extent the amendments are inconsistent with the terms of the waiver. PART V—CONTINUING SUPPORT FOR CHILD AND FAMILY SERVICES 
SEC. 50751. SUPPORTING AND RETAINING FOS-TER FAMILIES FOR CHILDREN. 
(a) S UPPORTING AND RETAINING FOSTER  P
ARENTS AS A FAMILY SUPPORT SERVICE .— Section 431(a)(2)(B) of the Social Security 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES778 February 7, 2018 
Act (42 U.S.C. 631(a)(2)(B)) is amended by re-designating clauses (iii) through (vi) as clauses (iv) through (vii), respectively, and inserting after clause (ii) the following: ‘‘(iii) To support and retain foster families so they can provide quality family-based set-tings for children in foster care.’’. (b) S
UPPORT FOR FOSTER FAMILY HOMES .— Section 436 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629f) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) S
UPPORT FOR FOSTER FAMILY HOMES .— Out of any money in the Treasury of the United States not otherwise appropriated, there are appropriated to the Secretary for fiscal year 2018, $8,000,000 for the Secretary to make competitive grants to States, Indian tribes, or tribal consortia to support the re-cruitment and retention of high-quality fos-ter families to increase their capacity to place more children in family settings, fo-cused on States, Indian tribes, or tribal con-sortia with the highest percentage of chil-dren in non-family settings. The amount ap-propriated under this subparagraph shall re-main available through fiscal year 2022.’’. 
SEC. 50752. EXTENSION OF CHILD AND FAMILY SERVICES PROGRAMS. 
(a) E XTENSION OF STEPHANIE TUBBS JONES  C
HILD WELFARE SERVICES PROGRAM .—Section 425 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 625) is amended by striking ‘‘2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’. (b) E
XTENSION OF PROMOTING SAFE AND  S
TABLE FAMILIES PROGRAM AUTHORIZA -
TIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 436(a) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629f(a)) is amended by striking all that follows ‘‘$345,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021.’’. (2) D
ISCRETIONARY GRANTS .—Section 437(a) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629g(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’. (c) E
XTENSION OF FUNDING RESERVATIONS  
FOR MONTHLY CASEWORKER VISITS AND RE-
GIONAL PARTNERSHIP GRANTS .—Section 436(b) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629f(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (4)(A), by striking ‘‘2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’; and (2) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’. (d) R
EAUTHORIZATION OF FUNDING FOR  S
TATE COURTS .— (1) E
XTENSION OF PROGRAM .—Section 438(c)(1) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629h(c)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’. (2) E
XTENSION OF FEDERAL SHARE .—Section 438(d) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629h(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’. (e) R
EPEAL OF EXPIRED PROVISIONS .—Sec- tion 438(e) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629h(e)) is repealed. 
SEC. 50753. IMPROVEMENTS TO THE JOHN H. CHAFEE FOSTER CARE INDEPEND-ENCE PROGRAM AND RELATED PRO-VISIONS. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOSERVE FORMER FOSTER  Y
OUTH UPTOAGE23.—Section 477 of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 677) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(5), by inserting ‘‘(or 23 years of age, in the case of a State with a certification under subsection (b)(3)(A)(ii) to provide assistance and services to youths who have aged out of foster care and have not attained such age, in accordance with such subsection)’’ after ‘‘21 years of age’’; (2) in subsection (b)(3)(A)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(i)’’ before ‘‘A certifi-cation’’; (B) by striking ‘‘children who have left fos-ter care’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘youths who have aged out of foster care and have not attained 21 years of age.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) If the State has elected under section 475(8)(B) to extend eligibility for foster care to all children who have not attained 21 years of age, or if the Secretary determines that the State agency responsible for admin-istering the State plans under this part and part B uses State funds or any other funds not provided under this part to provide serv-ices and assistance for youths who have aged out of foster care that are comparable to the services and assistance the youths would re-ceive if the State had made such an election, the certification required under clause (i) may provide that the State will provide as-sistance and services to youths who have aged out of foster care and have not attained 23 years of age.’’; and (3) in subsection (b)(3)(B), by striking ‘‘children who have left foster care’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘youths who have aged out of foster care and have not attained 21 years of age (or 23 years of age, in the case of a State with a certifi-cation under subparagraph (A)(i) to provide assistance and services to youths who have aged out of foster care and have not attained such age, in accordance with subparagraph (A)(ii)).’’. (b) AUTHORITY TOREDISTRIBUTE UNSPENT  F
UNDS .—Section 477(d) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 677(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘or does not expend allocated funds within the time period specified under section 477(d)(3)’’ after ‘‘provided by the Secretary’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) R
EDISTRIBUTION OF UNEXPENDED  
AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(A) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—To the ex-tent that amounts paid to States under this section in a fiscal year remain unexpended by the States at the end of the succeeding fiscal year, the Secretary may make the amounts available for redistribution in the second succeeding fiscal year among the States that apply for additional funds under this section for that second succeeding fiscal year. ‘‘(B) R
EDISTRIBUTION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-distribute the amounts made available under subparagraph (A) for a fiscal year among eli-gible applicant States. In this subparagraph, the term ‘eligible applicant State’ means a State that has applied for additional funds for the fiscal year under subparagraph (A) if the Secretary determines that the State will use the funds for the purpose for which origi-nally allotted under this section. ‘‘(ii) A
MOUNT TO BE REDISTRIBUTED .—The amount to be redistributed to each eligible applicant State shall be the amount so made available multiplied by the State foster care ratio, (as defined in subsection (c)(4), except that, in such subsection, ‘all eligible appli-cant States (as defined in subsection (d)(5)(B)(i))’ shall be substituted for ‘all States’). ‘‘(iii) T
REATMENT OF REDISTRIBUTED  
AMOUNT .—Any amount made available to a State under this paragraph shall be regarded as part of the allotment of the State under this section for the fiscal year in which the redistribution is made. ‘‘(C) T
RIBES .—For purposes of this para-graph, the term ‘State’ includes an Indian tribe, tribal organization, or tribal consor-tium that receives an allotment under this section.’’. (c) E
XPANDING AND CLARIFYING THE USE OF  E
DUCATION AND TRAINING VOUCHERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 477(i)(3) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 677(i)(3)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘on the date’’ and all that follows through ‘‘23’’ and inserting ‘‘to re-main eligible until they attain 26’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, but in no event may a youth participate in the program for more than 5 years (whether or not consecutive)’’ before the period. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 477(i)(1) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 677(i)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘who have attained 14 years of age’’ before the period. (d) O
THER IMPROVEMENTS .—Section 477 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 677), as amended by sub-sections (a), (b), and (c), is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
INDEPENDENCE PROGRAM ’’ and inserting ‘‘
PROGRAM FOR SUCCESSFUL TRANSITION TO  
ADULTHOOD ’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘identify children who are likely to remain in foster care until 18 years of age and to help these children make the transition to self-sufficiency by providing services’’ and inserting ‘‘support all youth who have experienced foster care at age 14 or older in their transition to adulthood through transitional services’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘and post-secondary edu-cation’’ after ‘‘high school diploma’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘training in daily living skills, training in budgeting and financial management skills’’ and inserting ‘‘training and opportunities to practice daily living skills (such as financial literacy training and driving instruction)’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘who are likely to remain in foster care until 18 years of age receive the education, training, and services necessary to obtain employment’’ and inserting ‘‘who have experienced foster care at age 14 or older achieve meaningful, permanent connections with a caring adult’’; (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘who are likely to remain in foster care until 18 years of age prepare for and enter postsecondary training and education institutions’’ and in-serting ‘‘who have experienced foster care at age 14 or older engage in age or develop-mentally appropriate activities, positive youth development, and experiential learn-ing that reflects what their peers in intact families experience’’; and (D) by striking paragraph (4) and redesig-nating paragraphs (5) through (8) as para-graphs (4) through (7); (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2)(D), by striking ‘‘ado-lescents’’ and inserting ‘‘youth’’; and (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (D)— (I) by inserting ‘‘including training on youth development’’ after ‘‘to provide train-ing’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘adolescents preparing for independent living’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘youth pre-paring for a successful transition to adult-hood and making a permanent connection with a caring adult.’’; (ii) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘ado-lescents’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘youth’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (K)— (I) by striking ‘‘an adolescent’’ and insert-ing ‘‘a youth’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘the adolescent’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘the youth’’; and (4) in subsection (f), by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than October 1, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report on the Na-tional Youth in Transition Database and any other databases in which States report out-come measures relating to children in foster care and children who have aged out of foster 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S779 February 7, 2018 
care or left foster care for kinship guardian-ship or adoption. The report shall include the following: ‘‘(A) A description of the reasons for entry into foster care and of the foster care experi-ences, such as length of stay, number of placement settings, case goal, and discharge reason of 17-year-olds who are surveyed by the National Youth in Transition Database and an analysis of the comparison of that de-scription with the reasons for entry and fos-ter care experiences of children of other ages who exit from foster care before attaining age 17. ‘‘(B) A description of the characteristics of the individuals who report poor outcomes at ages 19 and 21 to the National Youth in Tran-sition Database. ‘‘(C) Benchmarks for determining what constitutes a poor outcome for youth who re-main in or have exited from foster care and plans the executive branch will take to in-corporate these benchmarks in efforts to evaluate child welfare agency performance in providing services to children transitioning from foster care. ‘‘(D) An analysis of the association be-tween types of placement, number of overall placements, time spent in foster care, and other factors, and outcomes at ages 19 and 21. ‘‘(E) An analysis of the differences in out-comes for children in and formerly in foster care at age 19 and 21 among States.’’. (e) C
LARIFYING DOCUMENTATION PROVIDED  
TOFOSTER YOUTH LEAVING FOSTER CARE.— Section 475(5)(I) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 675(5)(I)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘REAL ID Act of 2005’’ the following: ‘‘, and any official documentation necessary to prove that the child was previously in foster care’’. PART VI—CONTINUING INCENTIVES TO STATES TO PROMOTE ADOPTION AND LEGAL GUARDIANSHIP 
SEC. 50761. REAUTHORIZING ADOPTION AND LEGAL GUARDIANSHIP INCENTIVE PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 473A of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 673b) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(4), by striking ‘‘2013 through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2020’’; (2) in subsection (h)(1)(D), by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’; and (3) in subsection (h)(2), by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect as if enacted on October 1, 2017. PART VII—TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS 
SEC. 50771. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO DATA EXCHANGE STANDARDS TO IM-PROVE PROGRAM COORDINATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 440 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 629m) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 440. DATA EXCHANGE STANDARDS FOR IM-PROVED INTEROPERABILITY. 
‘‘(a) D ESIGNATION .—The Secretary shall, in consultation with an interagency work group established by the Office of Manage-ment and Budget and considering State gov-ernment perspectives, by rule, designate data exchange standards to govern, under this part and part E— ‘‘(1) necessary categories of information that State agencies operating programs under State plans approved under this part are required under applicable Federal law to electronically exchange with another State agency; and ‘‘(2) Federal reporting and data exchange required under applicable Federal law. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The data exchange standards required by paragraph (1) shall, to the extent practicable— ‘‘(1) incorporate a widely accepted, non- proprietary, searchable, computer-readable format, such as the Extensible Markup Lan-guage; ‘‘(2) contain interoperable standards devel-oped and maintained by intergovernmental partnerships, such as the National Informa-tion Exchange Model; ‘‘(3) incorporate interoperable standards developed and maintained by Federal enti-ties with authority over contracting and fi-nancial assistance; ‘‘(4) be consistent with and implement ap-plicable accounting principles; ‘‘(5) be implemented in a manner that is cost-effective and improves program effi-ciency and effectiveness; and ‘‘(6) be capable of being continually up-graded as necessary. ‘‘(c) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to require a change to existing data exchange standards found to be effective and efficient.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Not later than the date that is 24 months after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall issue a pro-posed rule that— (1) identifies federally required data ex-changes, include specification and timing of exchanges to be standardized, and address the factors used in determining whether and when to standardize data exchanges; and (2) specifies State implementation options and describes future milestones. 
SEC. 50772. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO STATE REQUIREMENT TO ADDRESS THE DEVELOPMENTAL NEEDS OF YOUNG CHILDREN. 
Section 422(b)(18) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 622(b)(18)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘such children’’ and inserting ‘‘all vul-nerable children under 5 years of age’’. PART VIII—ENSURING STATES REINVEST SAVINGS RESULTING FROM INCREASE IN ADOPTION ASSISTANCE 
SEC. 50781. DELAY OF ADOPTION ASSISTANCE PHASE-IN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The table in section 473(e)(1)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 673(e)(1)(B)) is amended by striking the last 2 rows and inserting the following: 
‘‘2017 through 2023 ................. 2 2024 .......................................... 2 (or, in the case of a child for whom an adoption assist-ance agreement is entered into under this section on or after July 1, 2024, any age) 2025 or thereafter .................... any age.’’. 
(b) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall take effect as if enacted on January 1, 2018. 
SEC. 50782. GAO STUDY AND REPORT ON STATE REINVESTMENT OF SAVINGS RE-SULTING FROM INCREASE IN ADOP-TION ASSISTANCE. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall study the extent to which States are complying with the re-quirements of section 473(a)(8) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 673(a)(8)) relating to the effects of phasing out the AFDC income eligibility requirements for adoption assist-ance payments under section 473 of the So-cial Security Act, as enacted by section 402 of the Fostering Connections to Success and Increasing Adoptions Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–351; 122 Stat. 3975) and amended by sec-tion 206 of the Preventing Sex Trafficking and Strengthening Families Act (Public Law 113–183; 128 Stat. 1919). In particular, the Comptroller General shall analyze the extent to which States are complying with the fol-lowing requirements under section 473(a)(8)(D) of the Social Security Act: (1) The requirement to spend an amount equal to the amount of the savings (if any) in State expenditures under part E of title IV of the Social Security Act resulting from phas-ing out the AFDC income eligibility require-ments for adoption assistance payments under section 473 of such Act to provide to children of families any service that may be provided under part B or E of title IV of such Act. (2) The requirement that a State shall spend not less than 30 percent of the amount of any savings described in paragraph (1) on post-adoption services, post-guardianship services, and services to support and sustain positive permanent outcomes for children who otherwise might enter into foster care under the responsibility of the State, with at least 2⁄3of the spending by the State to com-ply with the 30 percent requirement being spent on post-adoption and post-guardian-ship services. (b) R
EPORT .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, and the Secretary of Health and Human Services a report that contains the results of the study required by sub-section (a), including recommendations to ensure compliance with laws referred to in subsection (a). TITLE VIII—SUPPORTING SOCIAL IMPACT PARTNERSHIPS TO PAY FOR RESULTS 
SEC. 50801. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Social Impact Partnerships to Pay for Results Act’’. 
SEC. 50802. SOCIAL IMPACT PARTNERSHIPS TO PAY FOR RESULTS. 
Title XX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397 et seq.) is amended— (1) in the title heading, by striking ‘‘TO STATES’’ and inserting ‘‘AND PRO-GRAMS’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subtitle C—Social Impact Demonstration Projects ‘‘
PURPOSES  ‘‘S
EC. 2051. The purposes of this subtitle are the following: ‘‘(1) To improve the lives of families and individuals in need in the United States by funding social programs that achieve real re-sults. ‘‘(2) To redirect funds away from programs that, based on objective data, are ineffective, and into programs that achieve demon-strable, measurable results. ‘‘(3) To ensure Federal funds are used effec-tively on social services to produce positive outcomes for both service recipients and tax-payers. ‘‘(4) To establish the use of social impact partnerships to address some of our Nation’s most pressing problems. ‘‘(5) To facilitate the creation of public-pri-vate partnerships that bundle philanthropic or other private resources with existing pub-lic spending to scale up effective social inter-ventions already being implemented by pri-vate organizations, nonprofits, charitable or-ganizations, and State and local govern-ments across the country. ‘‘(6) To bring pay-for-performance to the social sector, allowing the United States to improve the impact and effectiveness of vital social services programs while redirecting inefficient or duplicative spending. ‘‘(7) To incorporate outcomes measure-ment and randomized controlled trials or other rigorous methodologies for assessing program impact. ‘‘
SOCIAL IMPACT PARTNERSHIP APPLICATION  ‘‘S
EC. 2052. (a) N OTICE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES780 February 7, 2018 
subtitle, the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships, shall publish in the Federal Register a request for proposals from States or local governments for social impact partnership projects in ac-cordance with this section. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIRED OUTCOMES FOR SOCIAL IM-
PACT PARTNERSHIP PROJECT .—To qualify as a social impact partnership project under this subtitle, a project must produce one or more measurable, clearly defined outcomes that result in social benefit and Federal, State, or local savings through any of the following: ‘‘(1) Increasing work and earnings by indi-viduals in the United States who are unem-ployed for more than 6 consecutive months. ‘‘(2) Increasing employment and earnings of individuals who have attained 16 years of age but not 25 years of age. ‘‘(3) Increasing employment among indi-viduals receiving Federal disability benefits. ‘‘(4) Reducing the dependence of low-in-come families on Federal means-tested bene-fits. ‘‘(5) Improving rates of high school gradua-tion. ‘‘(6) Reducing teen and unplanned preg-nancies. ‘‘(7) Improving birth outcomes and early childhood health and development among low-income families and individuals. ‘‘(8) Reducing rates of asthma, diabetes, or other preventable diseases among low-in-come families and individuals to reduce the utilization of emergency and other high-cost care. ‘‘(9) Increasing the proportion of children living in two-parent families. ‘‘(10) Reducing incidences and adverse con-sequences of child abuse and neglect. ‘‘(11) Reducing the number of youth in fos-ter care by increasing adoptions, permanent guardianship arrangements, reunifications, or placements with a fit and willing relative, or by avoiding placing children in foster care by ensuring they can be cared for safely in their own homes. ‘‘(12) Reducing the number of children and youth in foster care residing in group homes, child care institutions, agency-operated fos-ter homes, or other non-family foster homes, unless it is determined that it is in the inter-est of the child’s long-term health, safety, or psychological well-being to not be placed in a family foster home. ‘‘(13) Reducing the number of children re-turning to foster care. ‘‘(14) Reducing recidivism among juvenile offenders, individuals released from prison, or other high-risk populations. ‘‘(15) Reducing the rate of homelessness among our most vulnerable populations. ‘‘(16) Improving the health and well-being of those with mental, emotional, and behav-ioral health needs. ‘‘(17) Improving the educational outcomes of special-needs or low-income children. ‘‘(18) Improving the employment and well- being of returning United States military members. ‘‘(19) Increasing the financial stability of low-income families. ‘‘(20) Increasing the independence and em-ployability of individuals who are physically or mentally disabled. ‘‘(21) Other measurable outcomes defined by the State or local government that result in positive social outcomes and Federal sav-ings. ‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION REQUIRED .—The notice described in subsection (a) shall require a State or local government to submit an ap-plication for the social impact partnership project that addresses the following: ‘‘(1) The outcome goals of the project. ‘‘(2) A description of each intervention in the project and anticipated outcomes of the intervention. ‘‘(3) Rigorous evidence demonstrating that the intervention can be expected to produce the desired outcomes. ‘‘(4) The target population that will be served by the project. ‘‘(5) The expected social benefits to partici-pants who receive the intervention and oth-ers who may be impacted. ‘‘(6) Projected Federal, State, and local government costs and other costs to conduct the project. ‘‘(7) Projected Federal, State, and local government savings and other savings, in-cluding an estimate of the savings to the Federal Government, on a program-by-pro-gram basis and in the aggregate, if the project is implemented and the outcomes are achieved as a result of the intervention. ‘‘(8) If savings resulting from the success-ful completion of the project are estimated to accrue to the State or local government, the likelihood of the State or local govern-ment to realize those savings. ‘‘(9) A plan for delivering the intervention through a social impact partnership model. ‘‘(10) A description of the expertise of each service provider that will administer the intervention, including a summary of the ex-perience of the service provider in delivering the proposed intervention or a similar inter-vention, or demonstrating that the service provider has the expertise necessary to de-liver the proposed intervention. ‘‘(11) An explanation of the experience of the State or local government, the inter-mediary, or the service provider in raising private and philanthropic capital to fund so-cial service investments. ‘‘(12) The detailed roles and responsibilities of each entity involved in the project, in-cluding any State or local government enti-ty, intermediary, service provider, inde-pendent evaluator, investor, or other stake-holder. ‘‘(13) A summary of the experience of the service provider in delivering the proposed intervention or a similar intervention, or a summary demonstrating the service provider has the expertise necessary to deliver the proposed intervention. ‘‘(14) A summary of the unmet need in the area where the intervention will be delivered or among the target population who will re-ceive the intervention. ‘‘(15) The proposed payment terms, the methodology used to calculate outcome pay-ments, the payment schedule, and perform-ance thresholds. ‘‘(16) The project budget. ‘‘(17) The project timeline. ‘‘(18) The criteria used to determine the eligibility of an individual for the project, including how selected populations will be identified, how they will be referred to the project, and how they will be enrolled in the project. ‘‘(19) The evaluation design. ‘‘(20) The metrics that will be used in the evaluation to determine whether the out-comes have been achieved as a result of the intervention and how the metrics will be measured. ‘‘(21) An explanation of how the metrics used in the evaluation to determine whether the outcomes achieved as a result of the intervention are independent, objective indi-cators of impact and are not subject to ma-nipulation by the service provider, inter-mediary, or investor. ‘‘(22) A summary explaining the independ-ence of the evaluator from the other entities involved in the project and the evaluator’s experience in conducting rigorous evalua-tions of program effectiveness including, where available, well-implemented random-ized controlled trials on the intervention or similar interventions. ‘‘(23) The capacity of the service provider to deliver the intervention to the number of participants the State or local government proposes to serve in the project. ‘‘(24) A description of whether and how the State or local government and service pro-viders plan to sustain the intervention, if it is timely and appropriate to do so, to ensure that successful interventions continue to op-erate after the period of the social impact partnership. ‘‘(d) PROJECT INTERMEDIARY INFORMATION  R
EQUIRED .—The application described in sub-section (c) shall also contain the following information about any intermediary for the social impact partnership project (whether an intermediary is a service provider or other entity): ‘‘(1) Experience and capacity for providing or facilitating the provision of the type of intervention proposed. ‘‘(2) The mission and goals. ‘‘(3) Information on whether the inter-mediary is already working with service pro-viders that provide this intervention or an explanation of the capacity of the inter-mediary to begin working with service pro-viders to provide the intervention. ‘‘(4) Experience working in a collaborative environment across government and non-governmental entities. ‘‘(5) Previous experience collaborating with public or private entities to implement evidence-based programs. ‘‘(6) Ability to raise or provide funding to cover operating costs (if applicable to the project). ‘‘(7) Capacity and infrastructure to track outcomes and measure results, including— ‘‘(A) capacity to track and analyze pro-gram performance and assess program im-pact; and ‘‘(B) experience with performance-based awards or performance-based contracting and achieving project milestones and tar-gets. ‘‘(8) Role in delivering the intervention. ‘‘(9) How the intermediary would monitor program success, including a description of the interim benchmarks and outcome meas-ures. ‘‘(e) F
EASIBILITY STUDIES FUNDED THROUGH  O
THER SOURCES .—The notice described in subsection (a) shall permit a State or local government to submit an application for so-cial impact partnership funding that con-tains information from a feasibility study developed for purposes other than applying for funding under this subtitle. ‘‘
AWARDING SOCIAL IMPACT PARTNERSHIP  
AGREEMENTS  ‘‘S
EC. 2053. (a) T IMELINE IN AWARDING  A
GREEMENT .—Not later than 6 months after receiving an application in accordance with section 2052, the Secretary, in consultation with the Federal Interagency Council on So-cial Impact Partnerships, shall determine whether to enter into an agreement for a so-cial impact partnership project with a State or local government. ‘‘(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS IN AWARDING AGREE -
MENT .—In determining whether to enter into an agreement for a social impact partnership project (the application for which was sub-mitted under section 2052) the Secretary, in consultation with the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships and the head of any Federal agency admin-istering a similar intervention or serving a population similar to that served by the project, shall consider each of the following: ‘‘(1) The recommendations made by the Commission on Social Impact Partnerships. ‘‘(2) The value to the Federal Government of the outcomes expected to be achieved if 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S781 February 7, 2018 
the outcomes specified in the agreement are achieved as a result of the intervention. ‘‘(3) The likelihood, based on evidence pro-vided in the application and other evidence, that the State or local government in col-laboration with the intermediary and the service providers will achieve the outcomes. ‘‘(4) The savings to the Federal Govern-ment if the outcomes specified in the agree-ment are achieved as a result of the inter-vention. ‘‘(5) The savings to the State and local gov-ernments if the outcomes specified in the agreement are achieved as a result of the intervention. ‘‘(6) The expected quality of the evaluation that would be conducted with respect to the agreement. ‘‘(7) The capacity and commitment of the State or local government to sustain the intervention, if appropriate and timely and if the intervention is successful, beyond the period of the social impact partnership. ‘‘(c) A
GREEMENT AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) A
GREEMENT REQUIREMENTS .—In accord-ance with this section, the Secretary, in con-sultation with the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships and the head of any Federal agency admin-istering a similar intervention or serving a population similar to that served by the project, may enter into an agreement for a social impact partnership project with a State or local government if the Secretary, in consultation with the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships, de-termines that each of the following require-ments are met: ‘‘(A) The State or local government agrees to achieve one or more outcomes as a result of the intervention, as specified in the agree-ment and validated by independent evalua-tion, in order to receive payment. ‘‘(B) The Federal payment to the State or local government for each specified outcome achieved as a result of the intervention is less than or equal to the value of the out-come to the Federal Government over a pe-riod not to exceed 10 years, as determined by the Secretary, in consultation with the State or local government. ‘‘(C) The duration of the project does not exceed 10 years. ‘‘(D) The State or local government has demonstrated, through the application sub-mitted under section 2052, that, based on prior rigorous experimental evaluations or rigorous quasi-experimental studies, the intervention can be expected to achieve each outcome specified in the agreement. ‘‘(E) The State, local government, inter-mediary, or service provider has experience raising private or philanthropic capital to fund social service investments (if applicable to the project). ‘‘(F) The State or local government has shown that each service provider has experi-ence delivering the intervention, a similar intervention, or has otherwise demonstrated the expertise necessary to deliver the inter-vention. ‘‘(2) P
AYMENT .—The Secretary shall pay the State or local government only if the independent evaluator described in section 2055 determines that the social impact part-nership project has met the requirements specified in the agreement and achieved an outcome as a result of the intervention, as specified in the agreement and validated by independent evaluation. ‘‘(d) N
OTICE OF AGREEMENT AWARD .—Not later than 30 days after entering into an agreement under this section the Secretary shall publish a notice in the Federal Register that includes, with regard to the agreement, the following: ‘‘(1) The outcome goals of the social im-pact partnership project. ‘‘(2) A description of each intervention in the project. ‘‘(3) The target population that will be served by the project. ‘‘(4) The expected social benefits to partici-pants who receive the intervention and oth-ers who may be impacted. ‘‘(5) The detailed roles, responsibilities, and purposes of each Federal, State, or local government entity, intermediary, service provider, independent evaluator, investor, or other stakeholder. ‘‘(6) The payment terms, the methodology used to calculate outcome payments, the payment schedule, and performance thresh-olds. ‘‘(7) The project budget. ‘‘(8) The project timeline. ‘‘(9) The project eligibility criteria. ‘‘(10) The evaluation design. ‘‘(11) The metrics that will be used in the evaluation to determine whether the out-comes have been achieved as a result of each intervention and how these metrics will be measured. ‘‘(12) The estimate of the savings to the Federal, State, and local government, on a program-by-program basis and in the aggre-gate, if the agreement is entered into and implemented and the outcomes are achieved as a result of each intervention. ‘‘(e) AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER ADMINISTRA -
TION OF AGREEMENT .—The Secretary may transfer to the head of another Federal agen-cy the authority to administer (including making payments under) an agreement en-tered into under subsection (c), and any funds necessary to do so. ‘‘(f) R
EQUIREMENT ON FUNDING USED TO  B
ENEFIT CHILDREN .—Not less than 50 percent of all Federal payments made to carry out agreements under this section shall be used for initiatives that directly benefit children. ‘‘
FEASIBILITY STUDY FUNDING  ‘‘S
EC. 2054. (a) R EQUESTS FOR FUNDING FOR  F
EASIBILITY STUDIES .—The Secretary shall reserve a portion of the amount made avail-able to carry out this subtitle to assist States or local governments in developing feasibility studies to apply for social impact partnership funding under section 2052. To be eligible to receive funding to assist with completing a feasibility study, a State or local government shall submit an applica-tion for feasibility study funding addressing the following: ‘‘(1) A description of the outcome goals of the social impact partnership project. ‘‘(2) A description of the intervention, in-cluding anticipated program design, target population, an estimate regarding the num-ber of individuals to be served, and setting for the intervention. ‘‘(3) Evidence to support the likelihood that the intervention will produce the de-sired outcomes. ‘‘(4) A description of the potential metrics to be used. ‘‘(5) The expected social benefits to partici-pants who receive the intervention and oth-ers who may be impacted. ‘‘(6) Estimated costs to conduct the project. ‘‘(7) Estimates of Federal, State, and local government savings and other savings if the project is implemented and the outcomes are achieved as a result of each intervention. ‘‘(8) An estimated timeline for implemen-tation and completion of the project, which shall not exceed 10 years. ‘‘(9) With respect to a project for which the State or local government selects an inter-mediary to operate the project, any partner-ships needed to successfully execute the project and the ability of the intermediary to foster the partnerships. ‘‘(10) The expected resources needed to complete the feasibility study for the State or local government to apply for social im-pact partnership funding under section 2052. ‘‘(b) FEDERAL SELECTION OF APPLICATIONS  
FOR FEASIBILITY STUDY .—Not later than 6 months after receiving an application for feasibility study funding under subsection (a), the Secretary, in consultation with the Federal Interagency Council on Social Im-pact Partnerships and the head of any Fed-eral agency administering a similar inter-vention or serving a population similar to that served by the project, shall select State or local government feasibility study pro-posals for funding based on the following: ‘‘(1) The recommendations made by the Commission on Social Impact Partnerships. ‘‘(2) The likelihood that the proposal will achieve the desired outcomes. ‘‘(3) The value of the outcomes expected to be achieved as a result of each intervention. ‘‘(4) The potential savings to the Federal Government if the social impact partnership project is successful. ‘‘(5) The potential savings to the State and local governments if the project is success-ful. ‘‘(c) P
UBLIC DISCLOSURE .—Not later than 30 days after selecting a State or local govern-ment for feasibility study funding under this section, the Secretary shall cause to be pub-lished on the website of the Federal Inter-agency Council on Social Impact Partner-ships information explaining why a State or local government was granted feasibility study funding. ‘‘(d) F
UNDING RESTRICTION .— ‘‘(1) F
EASIBILITY STUDY RESTRICTION .—The Secretary may not provide feasibility study funding under this section for more than 50 percent of the estimated total cost of the feasibility study reported in the State or local government application submitted under subsection (a). ‘‘(2) A
GGREGATE RESTRICTION .—Of the total amount made available to carry out this sub-title, the Secretary may not use more than $10,000,000 to provide feasibility study fund-ing to States or local governments under this section. ‘‘(3) N
O GUARANTEE OF FUNDING .—The Sec- retary shall have the option to award no funding under this section. ‘‘(e) S
UBMISSION OF FEASIBILITY STUDY RE-
QUIRED .—Not later than 9 months after the receipt of feasibility study funding under this section, a State or local government re-ceiving the funding shall complete the feasi-bility study and submit the study to the Fed-eral Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships. ‘‘(f) D
ELEGATION OF AUTHORITY .—The Sec- retary may transfer to the head of another Federal agency the authorities provided in this section and any funds necessary to exer-cise the authorities. ‘‘
EVALUATIONS  ‘‘S
EC. 2055. (a) A UTHORITY TO ENTER INTO A
GREEMENTS .—For each State or local gov-ernment awarded a social impact partnership project approved by the Secretary under this subtitle, the head of the relevant agency, as recommended by the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships and determined by the Secretary, shall enter into an agreement with the State or local government to pay for all or part of the inde-pendent evaluation to determine whether the State or local government project has achieved a specific outcome as a result of the intervention in order for the State or local government to receive outcome payments under this subtitle. ‘‘(b) E
VALUATOR QUALIFICATIONS .—The head of the relevant agency may not enter into an agreement with a State or local gov-ernment unless the head determines that the evaluator is independent of the other parties 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES782 February 7, 2018 
to the agreement and has demonstrated sub-stantial experience in conducting rigorous evaluations of program effectiveness includ-ing, where available and appropriate, well- implemented randomized controlled trials on the intervention or similar interventions. ‘‘(c) M
ETHODOLOGIES TO BEUSED.—The evaluation used to determine whether a State or local government will receive out-come payments under this subtitle shall use experimental designs using random assign-ment or other reliable, evidence-based re-search methodologies, as certified by the Federal Interagency Council on Social Im-pact Partnerships, that allow for the strong-est possible causal inferences when random assignment is not feasible. ‘‘(d) P
ROGRESS REPORT .— ‘‘(1) S
UBMISSION OF REPORT .—The inde-pendent evaluator shall— ‘‘(A) not later than 2 years after a project has been approved by the Secretary and bi-annually thereafter until the project is con-cluded, submit to the head of the relevant agency and the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships a written re-port summarizing the progress that has been made in achieving each outcome specified in the agreement; and ‘‘(B) before the scheduled time of the first outcome payment and before the scheduled time of each subsequent payment, submit to the head of the relevant agency and the Fed-eral Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships a written report that includes the results of the evaluation conducted to determine whether an outcome payment should be made along with information on the unique factors that contributed to achieving or failing to achieve the outcome, the challenges faced in attempting to achieve the outcome, and information on the improved future delivery of this or similar interventions. ‘‘(2) S
UBMISSION TO THE SECRETARY AND  
CONGRESS .—Not later than 30 days after re-ceipt of the written report pursuant to para-graph (1)(B), the Federal Interagency Coun-cil on Social Impact Partnerships shall sub-mit the report to the Secretary and each committee of jurisdiction in the House of Representatives and the Senate. ‘‘(e) F
INAL REPORT .— ‘‘(1) S
UBMISSION OF REPORT .—Within 6 months after the social impact partnership project is completed, the independent eval-uator shall— ‘‘(A) evaluate the effects of the activities undertaken pursuant to the agreement with regard to each outcome specified in the agreement; and ‘‘(B) submit to the head of the relevant agency and the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships a written re-port that includes the results of the evalua-tion and the conclusion of the evaluator as to whether the State or local government has fulfilled each obligation of the agree-ment, along with information on the unique factors that contributed to the success or failure of the project, the challenges faced in attempting to achieve the outcome, and in-formation on the improved future delivery of this or similar interventions. ‘‘(2) S
UBMISSION TO THE SECRETARY AND  
CONGRESS .—Not later than 30 days after re-ceipt of the written report pursuant to para-graph (1)(B), the Federal Interagency Coun-cil on Social Impact Partnerships shall sub-mit the report to the Secretary and each committee of jurisdiction in the House of Representatives and the Senate. ‘‘(f) L
IMITATION ON COST OF EVALUATIONS .— Of the amount made available under this subtitle for social impact partnership projects, the Secretary may not obligate more than 15 percent to evaluate the imple-mentation and outcomes of the projects. ‘‘(g) DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY .—The Sec- retary may transfer to the head of another Federal agency the authorities provided in this section and any funds necessary to exer-cise the authorities. ‘‘
FEDERAL INTERAGENCY COUNCIL ON SOCIAL  
IMPACT PARTNERSHIPS  ‘‘S
EC. 2056. (a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships (in this sec-tion referred to as the ‘Council’) to— ‘‘(1) coordinate with the Secretary on the efforts of social impact partnership projects funded under this subtitle; ‘‘(2) advise and assist the Secretary in the development and implementation of the projects; ‘‘(3) advise the Secretary on specific pro-grammatic and policy matter related to the projects; ‘‘(4) provide subject-matter expertise to the Secretary with regard to the projects; ‘‘(5) certify to the Secretary that each State or local government that has entered into an agreement with the Secretary for a social impact partnership project under this subtitle and each evaluator selected by the head of the relevant agency under section 2055 has access to Federal administrative data to assist the State or local government and the evaluator in evaluating the perform-ance and outcomes of the project; ‘‘(6) address issues that will influence the future of social impact partnership projects in the United States; ‘‘(7) provide guidance to the executive branch on the future of social impact part-nership projects in the United States; ‘‘(8) prior to approval by the Secretary, certify that each State and local government application for a social impact partnership contains rigorous, independent data and reli-able, evidence-based research methodologies to support the conclusion that the project will yield savings to the State or local gov-ernment or the Federal Government if the project outcomes are achieved; ‘‘(9) certify to the Secretary, in the case of each approved social impact partnership that is expected to yield savings to the Federal Government, that the project will yield a projected savings to the Federal Government if the project outcomes are achieved, and co-ordinate with the relevant Federal agency to produce an after-action accounting once the project is complete to determine the actual Federal savings realized, and the extent to which actual savings aligned with projected savings; and ‘‘(10) provide periodic reports to the Sec-retary and make available reports periodi-cally to Congress and the public on the im-plementation of this subtitle. ‘‘(b) C
OMPOSITION OF COUNCIL .—The Council shall have 11 members, as follows: ‘‘(1) C
HAIR.—The Chair of the Council shall be the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. ‘‘(2) O
THER MEMBERS .—The head of each of the following entities shall designate one of-ficer or employee of the entity to be a Coun-cil member: ‘‘(A) The Department of Labor. ‘‘(B) The Department of Health and Human Services. ‘‘(C) The Social Security Administration. ‘‘(D) The Department of Agriculture. ‘‘(E) The Department of Justice. ‘‘(F) The Department of Housing and Urban Development. ‘‘(G) The Department of Education. ‘‘(H) The Department of Veterans Affairs. ‘‘(I) The Department of the Treasury. ‘‘(J) The Corporation for National and Community Service. ‘‘COMMISSION ON SOCIAL IMPACT PARTNERSHIPS  ‘‘S
EC. 2057. (a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established the Commission on Social Im-pact Partnerships (in this section referred to as the ‘Commission’). ‘‘(b) D
UTIES .—The duties of the Commis-sion shall be to— ‘‘(1) assist the Secretary and the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Part-nerships in reviewing applications for fund-ing under this subtitle; ‘‘(2) make recommendations to the Sec-retary and the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships regarding the funding of social impact partnership agree-ments and feasibility studies; and ‘‘(3) provide other assistance and informa-tion as requested by the Secretary or the Federal Interagency Council on Social Im-pact Partnerships. ‘‘(c) C
OMPOSITION .—The Commission shall be composed of nine members, of whom— ‘‘(1) one shall be appointed by the Presi-dent, who will serve as the Chair of the Com-mission; ‘‘(2) one shall be appointed by the Majority Leader of the Senate; ‘‘(3) one shall be appointed by the Minority Leader of the Senate; ‘‘(4) one shall be appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(5) one shall be appointed by the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(6) one shall be appointed by the Chair-man of the Committee on Finance of the Senate; ‘‘(7) one shall be appointed by the ranking member of the Committee on Finance of the Senate; ‘‘(8) one member shall be appointed by the Chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(9) one shall be appointed by the ranking member of the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(d) Q
UALIFICATIONS OF COMMISSION MEM-
BERS .—The members of the Commission shall— ‘‘(1) be experienced in finance, economics, pay for performance, or program evaluation; ‘‘(2) have relevant professional or personal experience in a field related to one or more of the outcomes listed in this subtitle; or ‘‘(3) be qualified to review applications for social impact partnership projects to deter-mine whether the proposed metrics and eval-uation methodologies are appropriately rig-orous and reliant upon independent data and evidence-based research. ‘‘(e) T
IMING OF APPOINTMENTS .—The ap- pointments of the members of the Commis-sion shall be made not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this sub-title, or, in the event of a vacancy, not later than 90 days after the date the vacancy arises. If a member of Congress fails to ap-point a member by that date, the President may select a member of the President’s choice on behalf of the member of Congress. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if not all appointments have been made to the Commission as of that date, the Commission may operate with no fewer than five mem-bers until all appointments have been made. ‘‘(f) T
ERM OF APPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The members appointed under subsection (c) shall serve as follows: ‘‘(A) Three members shall serve for 2 years. ‘‘(B) Three members shall serve for 3 years. ‘‘(C) Three members (one of which shall be Chair of the Commission appointed by the President) shall serve for 4 years. ‘‘(2) A
SSIGNMENT OF TERMS .—The Commis-sion shall designate the term length that each member appointed under subsection (c) shall serve by unanimous agreement. In the event that unanimous agreement cannot be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S783 February 7, 2018 
reached, term lengths shall be assigned to the members by a random process. ‘‘(g) V
ACANCIES .—Subject to subsection (e), in the event of a vacancy in the Commission, whether due to the resignation of a member, the expiration of a member’s term, or any other reason, the vacancy shall be filled in the manner in which the original appoint-ment was made and shall not affect the pow-ers of the Commission. ‘‘(h) A
PPOINTMENT POWER .—Members of the Commission appointed under subsection (c) shall not be subject to confirmation by the Senate. ‘‘
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS  ‘‘S
EC. 2058. Of the amounts made available to carry out this subtitle, the Secretary may not use more than $2,000,000 in any fiscal year to support the review, approval, and oversight of social impact partnership projects, including activities conducted by— ‘‘(1) the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships; and ‘‘(2) any other agency consulted by the Secretary before approving a social impact partnership project or a feasibility study under section 2054. ‘‘
NO FEDERAL FUNDING FOR CREDIT  
ENHANCEMENTS  ‘‘S
EC. 2059. No amount made available to carry out this subtitle may be used to pro-vide any insurance, guarantee, or other cred-it enhancement to a State or local govern-ment under which a Federal payment would be made to a State or local government as the result of a State or local government failing to achieve an outcome specified in an agreement. ‘‘
AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS  ‘‘S
EC. 2060. Amounts made available to carry out this subtitle shall remain available until 10 years after the date of the enact-ment of this subtitle. ‘‘
WEBSITE  ‘‘S
EC. 2061. The Federal Interagency Coun-cil on Social Impact Partnerships shall es-tablish and maintain a public website that shall display the following: ‘‘(1) A copy of, or method of accessing, each notice published regarding a social im-pact partnership project pursuant to this subtitle. ‘‘(2) A copy of each feasibility study funded under this subtitle. ‘‘(3) For each State or local government that has entered into an agreement with the Secretary for a social impact partnership project, the website shall contain the fol-lowing information: ‘‘(A) The outcome goals of the project. ‘‘(B) A description of each intervention in the project. ‘‘(C) The target population that will be served by the project. ‘‘(D) The expected social benefits to par-ticipants who receive the intervention and others who may be impacted. ‘‘(E) The detailed roles, responsibilities, and purposes of each Federal, State, or local government entity, intermediary, service provider, independent evaluator, investor, or other stakeholder. ‘‘(F) The payment terms, methodology used to calculate outcome payments, the payment schedule, and performance thresh-olds. ‘‘(G) The project budget. ‘‘(H) The project timeline. ‘‘(I) The project eligibility criteria. ‘‘(J) The evaluation design. ‘‘(K) The metrics used to determine wheth-er the proposed outcomes have been achieved and how these metrics are measured. ‘‘(4) A copy of the progress reports and the final reports relating to each social impact partnership project. ‘‘(5) An estimate of the savings to the Fed-eral, State, and local government, on a pro-gram-by-program basis and in the aggregate, resulting from the successful completion of the social impact partnership project. ‘‘REGULATIONS  ‘‘S
EC. 2062. The Secretary, in consultation with the Federal Interagency Council on So-cial Impact Partnerships, may issue regula-tions as necessary to carry out this subtitle. ‘‘
DEFINITIONS  ‘‘S
EC. 2063. In this subtitle: ‘‘(1) A
GENCY .—The term ‘agency’ has the meaning given that term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(2) I
NTERVENTION .—The term ‘interven-tion’ means a specific service delivered to achieve an impact through a social impact partnership project. ‘‘(3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of the Treasury. ‘‘(4) S
OCIAL IMPACT PARTNERSHIP PROJECT .— The term ‘social impact partnership project’ means a project that finances social services using a social impact partnership model. ‘‘(5) S
OCIAL IMPACT PARTNERSHIP MODEL .— The term ‘social impact partnership model’ means a method of financing social services in which— ‘‘(A) Federal funds are awarded to a State or local government only if a State or local government achieves certain outcomes agreed on by the State or local government and the Secretary; and ‘‘(B) the State or local government coordi-nates with service providers, investors (if ap-plicable to the project), and (if necessary) an intermediary to identify— ‘‘(i) an intervention expected to produce the outcome; ‘‘(ii) a service provider to deliver the inter-vention to the target population; and ‘‘(iii) investors to fund the delivery of the intervention. ‘‘(6) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means each State of the United States, the District of Columbia, each commonwealth, territory or possession of the United States, and each federally recognized Indian tribe. ‘‘
FUNDING  ‘‘S
EC. 2064. Out of any money in the Treas-ury of the United States not otherwise ap-propriated, there is hereby appropriated $100,000,000 for fiscal year 2018 to carry out this subtitle.’’. TITLE IX—PUBLIC HEALTH PROGRAMS 
SEC. 50901. EXTENSION FOR COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTERS, THE NATIONAL HEALTH SERVICE CORPS, AND TEACHING HEALTH CENTERS THAT OPERATE GME PROGRAMS. 
(a) C OMMUNITY HEALTH CENTERS FUND-
ING.—Section 10503(b)(1)(F) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 254b–2(b)(1)(F)), as amended by section 3101 of Public Law 115-96, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(F) $3,800,000,000 for fiscal year 2018 and $4,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2019.’’. (b) O
THER COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTERS  P
ROVISIONS .—Section 330 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254b) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (b)(1)(A)(ii), by striking ‘‘abuse’’ and inserting ‘‘use disorder’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2)(A), by striking ‘‘abuse’’ and inserting ‘‘use disorder’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking subpara-graphs (B) through (D); (B) by striking ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) C
ENTERS .—The Secretary’’; and (C) in paragraph (1), as amended, by redes-ignating clauses (i) through (v) as subpara-graphs (A) through (E) and moving the mar-gin of each of such redesignated subpara-graph 2 ems to the left; (4) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the following: ‘‘(d) IMPROVING QUALITY OF CARE.— ‘‘(1) S
UPPLEMENTAL AWARDS .—The Sec-retary may award supplemental grant funds to health centers funded under this section to implement evidence-based models for in-creasing access to high-quality primary care services, which may include models related to— ‘‘(A) improving the delivery of care for in-dividuals with multiple chronic conditions; ‘‘(B) workforce configuration; ‘‘(C) reducing the cost of care; ‘‘(D) enhancing care coordination; ‘‘(E) expanding the use of telehealth and technology-enabled collaborative learning and capacity building models; ‘‘(F) care integration, including integra-tion of behavioral health, mental health, or substance use disorder services; and ‘‘(G) addressing emerging public health or substance use disorder issues to meet the health needs of the population served by the health center. ‘‘(2) S
USTAINABILITY .—In making supple-mental awards under this subsection, the Secretary may consider whether the health center involved has submitted a plan for con-tinuing the activities funded under this sub-section after supplemental funding is ex-pended. ‘‘(3) S
PECIAL CONSIDERATION .—The Sec-retary may give special consideration to ap-plications for supplemental funding under this subsection that seek to address signifi-cant barriers to access to care in areas with a greater shortage of health care providers and health services relative to the national average.’’; (5) in subsection (e)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘2 years’’ and inserting ‘‘1 year’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Secretary shall not make a grant under this paragraph unless the applicant provides assurances to the Secretary that within 120 days of receiving grant funding for the oper-ation of the health center, the applicant will submit, for approval by the Secretary, an implementation plan to meet the require-ments of subsection (k)(3). The Secretary may extend such 120-day period for achieving compliance upon a demonstration of good cause by the health center.’’; and (B) in subparagraph (C)— (i) in the subparagraph heading, by strik-ing ‘‘
AND PLANS ’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘or plan (as described in subparagraphs (B) and (C) of subsection (c)(1))’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘or plan, including the purchase’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘in-cluding— ‘‘(i) the purchase’’; (iv) by inserting ‘‘, which may include data and information systems’’ after ‘‘of equip-ment’’; (v) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (vi) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) the provision of training and tech-nical assistance; and ‘‘(iii) other activities that— ‘‘(I) reduce costs associated with the provi-sion of health services; ‘‘(II) improve access to, and availability of, health services provided to individuals served by the centers; ‘‘(III) enhance the quality and coordination of health services; or ‘‘(IV) improve the health status of commu-nities.’’; (6) in subsection (e)(5)(B)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES784 February 7, 2018 
(A) in the heading of subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘
AND PLANS ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘and subparagraphs (B) and (C) of subsection (c)(1) to a health center or to a network or plan’’ and inserting ‘‘to a health center or to a network’’; (7) in subsection (e), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) N
EW ACCESS POINTS AND EXPANDED  
SERVICES .— ‘‘(A) A
PPROVAL OF NEW ACCESS POINTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may ap-prove applications for grants under subpara-graph (A) or (B) of paragraph (1) to establish new delivery sites. ‘‘(ii) S
PECIAL CONSIDERATION .—In carrying out clause (i), the Secretary may give special consideration to applicants that have dem-onstrated the new delivery site will be lo-cated within a sparsely populated area, or an area which has a level of unmet need that is higher relative to other applicants. ‘‘(iii) C
ONSIDERATION OF APPLICATIONS .—In carrying out clause (i), the Secretary shall approve applications for grants in such a manner that the ratio of the medically un-derserved populations in rural areas which may be expected to use the services provided by the applicants involved to the medically underserved populations in urban areas which may be expected to use the services provided by the applicants is not less than two to three or greater than three to two. ‘‘(iv) S
ERVICE AREA OVERLAP .—If in car-rying out clause (i) the applicant proposes to serve an area that is currently served by an-other health center funded under this sec-tion, the Secretary may consider whether the award of funding to an additional health center in the area can be justified based on the unmet need for additional services with-in the catchment area. ‘‘(B) A
PPROVAL OF EXPANDED SERVICE AP -
PLICATIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may ap-prove applications for grants under subpara-graph (A) or (B) of paragraph (1) to expand the capacity of the applicant to provide re-quired primary health services described in subsection (b)(1) or additional health serv-ices described in subsection (b)(2). ‘‘(ii) P
RIORITY EXPANSION PROJECTS .—In carrying out clause (i), the Secretary may give special consideration to expanded serv-ice applications that seek to address emerg-ing public health or behavioral health, men-tal health, or substance abuse issues through increasing the availability of additional health services described in subsection (b)(2) in an area in which there are significant bar-riers to accessing care. ‘‘(iii) C
ONSIDERATION OF APPLICATIONS .—In carrying out clause (i), the Secretary shall approve applications for grants in such a manner that the ratio of the medically un-derserved populations in rural areas which may be expected to use the services provided by the applicants involved to the medically underserved populations in urban areas which may be expected to use the services provided by such applicants is not less than two to three or greater than three to two.’’; (8) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and chil-dren and youth at risk of homelessness’’ and inserting ‘‘, children and youth at risk of homelessness, homeless veterans, and vet-erans at risk of homelessness’’; and (B) in paragraph (5)— (i) by striking subparagraph (B); (ii) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (B); and (iii) in subparagraph (B) (as so redesig-nated)— (I) in the subparagraph heading, by strik-ing ‘‘
ABUSE ’’ and inserting ‘‘ USE DISORDER ’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘abuse’’ and inserting ‘‘use disorder’’; (9) in subsection (k)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the paragraph heading, by inserting ‘‘UNMET ’’ before ‘‘ NEED ’’; (ii) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or subsection (e)(6)’’ after ‘‘subsection (e)(1)’’; (iii) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘unmet’’ before ‘‘need for health services’’; (iv) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (v) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (vi) by adding after subparagraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) in the case of an application for a grant pursuant to subsection (e)(6), a dem-onstration that the applicant has consulted with appropriate State and local government agencies, and health care providers regarding the need for the health services to be pro-vided at the proposed delivery site.’’; (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or subsection (e)(6)’’ after ‘‘subsection (e)(1)(B)’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘in the catchment area of the center’’ and in-serting ‘‘, including other health care pro-viders that provide care within the catchment area, local hospitals, and spe-cialty providers in the catchment area of the center, to provide access to services not available through the health center and to reduce the non-urgent use of hospital emer-gency departments’’; (iii) in subparagraph (H)(ii), by inserting ‘‘who shall be directly employed by the cen-ter’’ after ‘‘approves the selection of a direc-tor for the center’’; (iv) in subparagraph (L), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (v) in subparagraph (M), by striking the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (vi) by inserting after subparagraph (M), the following: ‘‘(N) the center has written policies and procedures in place to ensure the appropriate use of Federal funds in compliance with ap-plicable Federal statutes, regulations, and the terms and conditions of the Federal award.’’; and (C) by striking paragraph (4); (10) in subsection (l), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Funds expended to carry out activities under this subsection and oper-ational support activities under subsection (m) shall not exceed 3 percent of the amount appropriated for this section for the fiscal year involved.’’; (11) in subsection (q)(4), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘A waiver provided by the Secretary under this paragraph may not re-main in effect for more than 1 year and may not be extended after such period. An entity may not receive more than one waiver under this paragraph in consecutive years.’’; (12) in subsection (r)(3)— (A) by striking ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress a report concerning the distribu-tion of funds under this section’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Sen-ate, and the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives, a re-port including, at a minimum— ‘‘(A) the distribution of funds for carrying out this section’’; (B) by striking ‘‘populations. Such report shall include an assessment’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘populations; ‘‘(B) an assessment’’; (C) by striking ‘‘and the rationale for any substantial changes in the distribution of funds.’’ and inserting a semicolon; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) the distribution of awards and funding for new or expanded services in each of rural areas and urban areas; ‘‘(D) the distribution of awards and funding for establishing new access points, and the number of new access points created; ‘‘(E) the amount of unexpended funding for loan guarantees and loan guarantee author-ity under title XVI; ‘‘(F) the rationale for any substantial changes in the distribution of funds; ‘‘(G) the rate of closures for health centers and access points; ‘‘(H) the number and reason for any grants awarded pursuant to subsection (e)(1)(B); and ‘‘(I) the number and reason for any waivers provided pursuant to subsection (q)(4).’’; (13) in subsection (r), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) F
UNDING FOR PARTICIPATION OF HEALTH  
CENTERS IN ALL OF US RESEARCH PROGRAM .— In addition to any amounts made available pursuant to paragraph (1) of this subsection, section 402A of this Act, or section 10503 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, there is authorized to be appropriated, and there is appropriated, out of any monies in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to the Secretary $25,000,000 for fiscal year 2018 to support the participation of health centers in the All of Us Research Program under the Precision Medicine Initiative under section 498E of this Act.’’; and (14) by striking subsection (s). (c) N
ATIONAL HEALTH SERVICE CORPS .—Sec- tion 10503(b)(2)(F) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 254b– 2(b)(2)(F)), as amended by section 3101 of Public Law 115-96, is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(F) $310,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019.’’. (d) T
EACHING HEALTH CENTERS THATOPER-
ATE GRADUATE MEDICAL EDUCATION PRO-
GRAMS .— (1) P
AYMENTS .—Subsection (a) of section 340H of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 256h) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) P
AYMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (h)(2), the Secretary shall make payments under this section for direct expenses and in-direct expenses to qualified teaching health centers that are listed as sponsoring institu-tions by the relevant accrediting body for, as appropriate— ‘‘(A) maintenance of filled positions at ex-isting approved graduate medical residency training programs; ‘‘(B) expansion of existing approved grad-uate medical residency training programs; and ‘‘(C) establishment of new approved grad-uate medical residency training programs. ‘‘(2) P
ER RESIDENT AMOUNT .—In making payments under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider the cost of training residents at teaching health centers and the implica-tions of the per resident amount on approved graduate medical residency training pro-grams at teaching health centers. ‘‘(3) P
RIORITY .—In making payments under paragraph (1)(C), the Secretary shall give priority to qualified teaching health centers that— ‘‘(A) serve a health professional shortage area with a designation in effect under sec-tion 332 or a medically underserved commu-nity (as defined in section 799B); or ‘‘(B) are located in a rural area (as defined in section 1886(d)(2)(D) of the Social Security Act).’’. (2) F
UNDING .—Paragraph (1) of section 340H(g) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 256h(g)), as amended by section 3101 of Public Law 115-96, is amended by striking ‘‘and $30,000,000 for the period of the first and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S785 February 7, 2018 
second quarters of fiscal year 2018,’’ and in-serting ‘‘and $126,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019,’’. (3) A
NNUAL REPORTING .—Subsection (h)(1) of section 340H of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 256h) is amended— (A) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (H); and (B) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) The number of patients treated by residents described in paragraph (4). ‘‘(E) The number of visits by patients treated by residents described in paragraph (4). ‘‘(F) Of the number of residents described in paragraph (4) who completed their resi-dency training at the end of such residency academic year, the number and percentage of such residents entering primary care prac-tice (meaning any of the areas of practice listed in the definition of a primary care residency program in section 749A). ‘‘(G) Of the number of residents described in paragraph (4) who completed their resi-dency training at the end of such residency academic year, the number and percentage of such residents who entered practice at a health care facility— ‘‘(i) primarily serving a health professional shortage area with a designation in effect under section 332 or a medically underserved community (as defined in section 799B); or ‘‘(ii) located in a rural area (as defined in section 1886(d)(2)(D) of the Social Security Act).’’. (4) R
EPORT ON TRAINING COSTS .—Not later than March 31, 2019, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to the Con-gress a report on the direct graduate ex-penses of approved graduate medical resi-dency training programs, and the indirect expenses associated with the additional costs of teaching residents, of qualified teaching health centers (as such terms are used or de-fined in section 340H of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 256h)). (5) D
EFINITION .—Subsection (j) of section 340H of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 256h) is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) N
EW APPROVED GRADUATE MEDICAL  
RESIDENCY TRAINING PROGRAM .—The term ‘new approved graduate medical residency training program’ means an approved grad-uate medical residency training program for which the sponsoring qualified teaching health center has not received a payment under this section for a previous fiscal year (other than pursuant to subsection (a)(1)(C)).’’. (6) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Subsection (f) of section 340H (42 U.S.C. 256h) is amended by striking ‘‘hospital’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘teaching health center’’. (7) P
AYMENTS FOR PREVIOUS FISCAL  
YEARS .—The provisions of section 340H of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 256h), as in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of Public Law 115-96, shall continue to apply with respect to payments under such section for fiscal years before fiscal year 2018. (e) A
PPLICATION .—Amounts appropriated pursuant to this section for fiscal year 2018 or 2019 are subject to the requirements con-tained in Public Law 115–31 for funds for pro-grams authorized under sections 330 through 340 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254b–256). (f) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Paragraph (4) of section 3014(h) of title 18, United States Code, as amended by section 3101 of Public Law 115-96, is amended by striking ‘‘and sec-tion 3101(d) of the CHIP and Public Health Funding Extension Act’’ and inserting ‘‘and section 50901(e) of the Advancing Chronic Care, Extenders, and Social Services Act’’. SEC. 50902. EXTENSION FOR SPECIAL DIABETES PROGRAMS. 
(a) S PECIAL DIABETES PROGRAM FOR TYPEI D
IABETES .—Section 330B(b)(2)(D) of the Pub-lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254c– 2(b)(2)(D)), as amended by section 3102 of Public Law 115-96, is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(D) $150,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019, to remain available until ex-pended.’’. (b) S
PECIAL DIABETES PROGRAM FOR INDI-
ANS.—Subparagraph (D) of section 330C(c)(2) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254c–3(c)(2)), as amended by section 3102 of Public Law 115-96, is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(D) $150,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019, to remain available until ex-pended.’’. TITLE X—MISCELLANEOUS HEALTH CARE POLICIES 
SEC. 51001. HOME HEALTH PAYMENT REFORM. 
(a) B UDGET NEUTRAL TRANSITION TO A 30- 
DAY UNIT OF PAYMENT FOR HOME HEALTH  S
ERVICES .—Section 1895(b) of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395fff(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘
PAYMENT .—In defining’’ and inserting ‘‘
PAYMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In defining’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) 30-
DAY UNIT OF SERVICE .—For purposes of implementing the prospective payment system with respect to home health units of service furnished during a year beginning with 2020, the Secretary shall apply a 30-day unit of service as the unit of service applied under this paragraph.’’; (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iv) B
UDGET NEUTRALITY FOR 2020 .—With respect to payments for home health units of service furnished that end during the 12- month period beginning January 1, 2020, the Secretary shall calculate a standard prospec-tive payment amount (or amounts) for 30- day units of service (as described in para-graph (2)(B)) for the prospective payment system under this subsection. Such standard prospective payment amount (or amounts) shall be calculated in a manner such that the estimated aggregate amount of expenditures under the system during such period with ap-plication of paragraph (2)(B) is equal to the estimated aggregate amount of expenditures that otherwise would have been made under the system during such period if paragraph (2)(B) had not been enacted. The previous sentence shall be applied before (and not af-fect the application of) paragraph (3)(B). In calculating such amount (or amounts), the Secretary shall make assumptions about be-havior changes that could occur as a result of the implementation of paragraph (2)(B) and the case-mix adjustment factors estab-lished under paragraph (4)(B) and shall pro-vide a description of such assumptions in the notice and comment rulemaking used to im-plement this clause.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) B
EHAVIOR ASSUMPTIONS AND ADJUST -
MENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall an-nually determine the impact of differences between assumed behavior changes (as de-scribed in paragraph (3)(A)(iv)) and actual behavior changes on estimated aggregate ex-penditures under this subsection with re-spect to years beginning with 2020 and end-ing with 2026. ‘‘(ii) PERMANENT ADJUSTMENTS .—The Sec- retary shall, at a time and in a manner de-termined appropriate, through notice and comment rulemaking, provide for one or more permanent increases or decreases to the standard prospective payment amount (or amounts) for applicable years, on a pro-spective basis, to offset for such increases or decreases in estimated aggregate expendi-tures (as determined under clause (i)). ‘‘(iii) T
EMPORARY ADJUSTMENTS FOR RETRO -
SPECTIVE BEHAVIOR .—The Secretary shall, at a time and in a manner determined appro-priate, through notice and comment rule-making, provide for one or more temporary increases or decreases to the payment amount for a unit of home health services (as determined under paragraph (4)) for ap-plicable years, on a prospective basis, to off-set for such increases or decreases in esti-mated aggregate expenditures (as deter-mined under clause (i)). Such a temporary increase or decrease shall apply only with re-spect to the year for which such temporary increase or decrease is made, and the Sec-retary shall not take into account such a temporary increase or decrease in computing such amount under this subsection for a sub-sequent year.’’; and (3) in paragraph (4)(B)— (A) by striking ‘‘F
ACTORS .—The Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘F
ACTORS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(ii) T
REATMENT OF THERAPY THRESH -
OLDS .—For 2020 and subsequent years, the Secretary shall eliminate the use of therapy thresholds (established by the Secretary) in case mix adjustment factors established under clause (i) for calculating payments under the prospective payment system under this subsection.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL EXPERT PANEL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—During the period begin-ning on January 1, 2018, and ending on De-cember 31, 2018, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall hold at least one ses-sion of a technical expert panel, the partici-pants of which shall include home health providers, patient representatives, and other relevant stakeholders. The technical expert panel shall identify and prioritize rec-ommendations with respect to the prospec-tive payment system for home health serv-ices under section 1895(b) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395fff(b)), on the fol-lowing: (A) The Home Health Groupings Model, as described in the proposed rule ‘‘Medicare and Medicaid Programs; CY 2018 Home Health Prospective Payment System Rate Update and Proposed CY 2019 Case-Mix Adjustment Methodology Refinements; Home Health Value-Based Purchasing Model; and Home Health Quality Reporting Requirements’’ (82 Fed. Reg. 35294 through 35332 (July 28, 2017)). (B) Alternative case-mix models to the Home Health Groupings Model that were submitted during 2017 as comments in re-sponse to proposed rule making, including patient-focused factors that consider the risks of hospitalization and readmission to a hospital, improvement or maintenance of functionality of individuals to increase the capacity for self-care, quality of care, and re-source utilization. (2) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF FACA .—The provi-sions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the tech-nical expert panel under paragraph (1). (3) R
EPORT .—Not later than April 1, 2019, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES786 February 7, 2018 
a report on the recommendations of such panel described in such paragraph. (4) N
OTICE AND COMMENT RULEMAKING .—Not later than December 31, 2019, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall pursue notice and comment rulemaking on a case- mix system with respect to the prospective payment system for home health services under section 1895(b) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395fff(b)). (c) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NTERIM REPORT .—Not later than March 15, 2022, the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission shall submit to Congress an in-terim report on the application of a 30-day unit of service as the unit of service applied under section 1895(b)(2) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395fff(b)(2)), as amended by subsection (a), including an analysis of the level of payments provided to home health agencies as compared to the cost of delivering home health services, and any un-intended consequences, including with re-spect to behavioral changes and quality. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than March 15, 2026, such Commission shall submit to Congress a final report on such application and any such consequences. 
SEC. 51002. INFORMATION TO SATISFY DOCU-MENTATION OF MEDICARE ELIGI-BILITY FOR HOME HEALTH SERV-ICES. 
(a) P ARTA.—Section 1814(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395f(a)) is amended by inserting before ‘‘For purposes of para-graph (2)(C),’’ the following new sentence: ‘‘For purposes of documentation for physi-cian certification and recertification made under paragraph (2) on or after January 1, 2019, and made with respect to home health services furnished by a home health agency, in addition to using documentation in the medical record of the physician who so cer-tifies or the medical record of the acute or post-acute care facility (in the case that home health services were furnished to an individual who was directly admitted to the home health agency from such a facility), the Secretary may use documentation in the medical record of the home health agency as supporting material, as appropriate to the case involved.’’. (b) P
ART B.—Section 1835(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395n(a)) is amended by inserting before ‘‘For purposes of para-graph (2)(A),’’ the following new sentence: ‘‘For purposes of documentation for physi-cian certification and recertification made under paragraph (2) on or after January 1, 2019, and made with respect to home health services furnished by a home health agency, in addition to using documentation in the medical record of the physician who so cer-tifies or the medical record of the acute or post-acute care facility (in the case that home health services were furnished to an individual who was directly admitted to the home health agency from such a facility), the Secretary may use documentation in the medical record of the home health agency as supporting material, as appropriate to the case involved.’’. 
SEC. 51003. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS TO PUBLIC LAW 114–10. 
(a) MIPS T RANSITION .—Section 1848 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4) is amended— (1) in subsection (q)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘items and services’’ and inserting ‘‘covered profes-sional services (as defined in subsection (k)(3)(A))’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C)(iv)— (I) by amending subclause (I) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(I) The minimum number (as determined by the Secretary) of— ‘‘(aa) for performance periods beginning before January 1, 2018, individuals enrolled under this part who are treated by the eligi-ble professional for the performance period involved; and ‘‘(bb) for performance periods beginning on or after January 1, 2018, individuals enrolled under this part who are furnished covered professional services (as defined in sub-section (k)(3)(A)) by the eligible professional for the performance period involved.’’; (II) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘items and services’’ and inserting ‘‘covered profes-sional services (as defined in subsection (k)(3)(A))’’; and (III) by amending subclause (III) to read as follows: ‘‘(III) The minimum amount (as deter-mined by the Secretary) of— ‘‘(aa) for performance periods beginning before January 1, 2018, allowed charges billed by such professional under this part for such performance period; and ‘‘(bb) for performance periods beginning on or after January 1, 2018, allowed charges for covered professional services (as defined in subsection (k)(3)(A)) billed by such profes-sional for such performance period.’’; (B) in paragraph (5)(D)— (i) in clause (i)(I), by inserting ‘‘subject to clause (iii),’’ after ‘‘clauses (i) and (ii) of paragraph (2)(A),’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) TRANSITION YEARS .—For each of the second, third, fourth, and fifth years for which the MIPS applies to payments, the performance score for the performance cat-egory described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii) shall not take into account the improvement of the professional involved.’’; (C) in paragraph (5)(E)— (i) in clause (i)(I)(bb)— (I) in the heading by striking ‘‘F
IRST 2  
YEARS ’’ and inserting ‘‘F IRST 5 YEARS ’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘the first and second years’’ and inserting ‘‘each of the first through fifth years’’; (ii) in clause (i)(II)(bb)— (I) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
2 YEARS ’’ and inserting ‘‘
5 YEARS ’’; and (II) by striking the second sentence and in-serting the following new sentences: ‘‘For each of the second, third, fourth, and fifth years for which the MIPS applies to pay-ments, not less than 10 percent and not more than 30 percent of such score shall be based on performance with respect to the category described in clause (ii) of paragraph (2)(A). Nothing in the previous sentence shall be construed, with respect to a performance pe-riod for a year described in the previous sen-tence, as preventing the Secretary from bas-ing 30 percent of such score for such year with respect to the category described in such clause (ii), if the Secretary determines, based on information posted under sub-section (r)(2)(I) that sufficient resource use measures are ready for adoption for use under the performance category under para-graph (2)(A)(ii) for such performance pe-riod.’’; (D) in paragraph (6)(D)— (i) in clause (i), in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘Such performance threshold’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to clauses (iii) and (iv), such performance threshold’’; (ii) in clause (ii)— (I) in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘(be-ginning with 2019 and ending with 2024)’’ after ‘‘for each year of the MIPS’’; and (II) in the second sentence, by inserting ‘‘subject to clause (iii),’’ after ‘‘For each such year,’’; (iii) in clause (iii)— (I) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
2’’ and in- serting ‘‘
5’’; and (II) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘two years’’ and inserting ‘‘five years’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iv) ADDITIONAL SPECIAL RULE FOR THIRD , 
FOURTH AND FIFTH YEARS OF MIPS .—For pur- poses of determining MIPS adjustment fac-tors under subparagraph (A), in addition to the requirements specified in clause (iii), the Secretary shall increase the performance threshold with respect to each of the third, fourth, and fifth years to which the MIPS ap-plies to ensure a gradual and incremental transition to the performance threshold de-scribed in clause (i) (as estimated by the Sec-retary) with respect to the sixth year to which the MIPS applies.’’; (E) in paragraph (6)(E)— (i) by striking ‘‘In the case of items and services’’ and inserting ‘‘In the case of cov-ered professional services (as defined in sub-section (k)(3)(A))’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘under this part with re-spect to such items and services’’ and insert-ing ‘‘under this part with respect to such covered professional services’’; and (F) in paragraph (7), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘items and services’’ and insert-ing ‘‘covered professional services (as defined in subsection (k)(3)(A))’’; (2) in subsection (r)(2), by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(I) I
NFORMATION .—The Secretary shall, not later than December 31st of each year (beginning with 2018), post on the Internet website of the Centers for Medicare & Med-icaid Services information on resource use measures in use under subsection (q), re-source use measures under development and the time-frame for such development, poten-tial future resource use measure topics, a de-scription of stakeholder engagement, and the percent of expenditures under part A and this part that are covered by resource use measures.’’; and (3) in subsection (s)(5)(B), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 1833(z)(2)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1833(z)(3)(D)’’. (b) P
HYSICIAN -FOCUSED PAYMENT MODEL  T
ECHNICAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE PROVISION  
OFINITIAL PROPOSAL FEEDBACK .—Section 1868(c)(2)(C) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ee(c)(2)(C)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(C) C
OMMITTEE REVIEW OF MODELS SUB -
MITTED .—The Committee, on a periodic basis— ‘‘(i) shall review models submitted under subparagraph (B); ‘‘(ii) may provide individuals and stake-holder entities who submitted such models with— ‘‘(I) initial feedback on such models re-garding the extent to which such models meet the criteria described in subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(II) an explanation of the basis for the feedback provided under subclause (I); and ‘‘(iii) shall prepare comments and rec-ommendations regarding whether such mod-els meet the criteria described in subpara-graph (A) and submit such comments and recommendations to the Secretary.’’. 
SEC. 51004. EXPANDED ACCESS TO MEDICARE IN-TENSIVE CARDIAC REHABILITATION PROGRAMS. 
Section 1861(eee)(4)(B) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(eee)(4)(B)) is amend-ed— (1) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in clause (vi), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following new clauses: ‘‘(vii) stable, chronic heart failure (defined as patients with left ventricular ejection fraction of 35 percent or less and New York 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S787 February 7, 2018 
Heart Association (NYHA) class II to IV symptoms despite being on optimal heart failure therapy for at least 6 weeks); or ‘‘(viii) any additional condition for which the Secretary has determined that a cardiac rehabilitation program shall be covered, un-less the Secretary determines, using the same process used to determine that the con-dition is covered for a cardiac rehabilitation program, that such coverage is not supported by the clinical evidence.’’. 
SEC. 51005. EXTENSION OF BLENDED SITE NEU-TRAL PAYMENT RATE FOR CERTAIN LONG-TERM CARE HOSPITAL DIS-CHARGES; TEMPORARY ADJUST-MENT TO SITE NEUTRAL PAYMENT RATES. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 1886(m)(6)(B)(i) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(m)(6)(B)(i)) is amended— (1) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2016 or fiscal year 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2016 through 2019’’; and (2) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. (b) T
EMPORARY ADJUSTMENT TO SITENEU-
TRAL PAYMENT RATES .—Section 1886(m)(6)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(m)(6)(B)) is amended— (1) in clause (ii), in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘In this para-graph’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to clause (iv), in this paragraph’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iv) A
DJUSTMENT .—For each of fiscal years 2018 through 2026, the amount that would otherwise apply under clause (ii)(I) for the year (determined without regard to this clause) shall be reduced by 4.6 percent.’’. 
SEC. 51006. RECOGNITION OF ATTENDING PHYSI-CIAN ASSISTANTS AS ATTENDING PHYSICIANS TO SERVE HOSPICE PA-TIENTS. 
(a) R ECOGNITION OF ATTENDING PHYSICIAN  A
SSISTANTS AS ATTENDING PHYSICIANS TO S
ERVE HOSPICE PATIENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1861(dd)(3)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(dd)(3)(B)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘or nurse’’ and inserting ‘‘, the nurse’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, or the physician assist-ant (as defined in such subsection)’’ after ‘‘subsection (aa)(5))’’. (2) C
LARIFICATION OF HOSPICE ROLE OF PHY -
SICIAN ASSISTANTS .—Section 1814(a)(7)(A)(i)(I) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395f(a)(7)(A)(i)(I)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or a physician assistant’’ after ‘‘a nurse practitioner’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to items and services furnished on or after January 1, 2019. 
SEC. 51007. EXTENSION OF ENFORCEMENT IN-STRUCTION ON SUPERVISION RE-QUIREMENTS FOR OUTPATIENT THERAPEUTIC SERVICES IN CRIT-ICAL ACCESS AND SMALL RURAL HOSPITALS THROUGH 2017. 
Section 1 of Public Law 113–198, as amend-ed by section 1 of Public Law 114–112 and sec-tion 16004(a) of the 21st Century Cures Act (Public Law 114–255), is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
2016’’ and inserting ‘‘ 2017’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘and 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2016, and 2017’’. 
SEC. 51008. ALLOWING PHYSICIAN ASSISTANTS, NURSE PRACTITIONERS, AND CLIN-ICAL NURSE SPECIALISTS TO SU-PERVISE CARDIAC, INTENSIVE CAR-DIAC, AND PULMONARY REHABILI-TATION PROGRAMS. 
(a) C ARDIAC AND INTENSIVE CARDIAC REHA-
BILITATION PROGRAMS .—Section 1861(eee) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(eee)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘physician-supervised’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘under the supervision of a physician (as defined in subsection (r)(1)) or a physician assistant, nurse practitioner, or clinical nurse specialist (as those terms are defined in subsection (aa)(5))’’ before the period at the end; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(iii), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semi-colon; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘a physician’’ and inserting ‘‘a physician (as de-fined in subsection (r)(1)) or a physician as-sistant, nurse practitioner, or clinical nurse specialist (as those terms are defined in sub-section (aa)(5))’’; and (3) in paragraph (4)(A), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i)— (A) by striking ‘‘physician-supervised’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘under the supervision of a physician (as defined in subsection (r)(1)) or a physician assistant, nurse practitioner, or clinical nurse specialist (as those terms are defined in subsection (aa)(5))’’ after ‘‘paragraph (3)’’. (b) PULMONARY REHABILITATION PRO-
GRAMS .—Section 1861(fff)(1) of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(fff)(1)) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘physician-supervised’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘under the supervision of a physician (as defined in subsection (r)(1)) or a physician assistant, nurse practitioner, or clinical nurse specialist (as those terms are defined in subsection (aa)(5))’’ before the pe-riod at the end. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to items and services furnished on or after January 1, 2024. 
SEC. 51009. TRANSITIONAL PAYMENT RULES FOR CERTAIN RADIATION THERAPY SERVICES UNDER THE PHYSICIAN FEE SCHEDULE. 
Section 1848 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(11), by striking ‘‘2017 and 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2017, 2018, and 2019’’; and (2) in subsection (c)(2)(K)(iv), by striking ‘‘2017 and 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2017, 2018, and 2019’’. TITLE XI—PROTECTING SENIORS’ ACCESS TO MEDICARE ACT 
SEC. 52001. REPEAL OF THE INDEPENDENT PAY-MENT ADVISORY BOARD. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 1899A of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395kkk) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) L
OBBYING COOLING -OFF PERIOD .—Para- graph (3) of section 207(c) of title 18, United States Code, is repealed. (2) GAO 
STUDY AND REPORT .—Section 3403(b) of the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act (42 U.S.C. 1395kkk–1) is re-pealed. (3) M
EDPAC REVIEW AND COMMENT .—Sec- tion 1805(b) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395b–6(b)) is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (4); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (8) as paragraphs (4) through (7), re-spectively; and (C) by redesignating the paragraph (9) that was redesignated by section 3403(c)(1) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148) as paragraph (8). (4) N
AME CHANGE .—Section 10320(b) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148) is repealed. (5) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Section 10320(c) of the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act (Public Law 111–148) is re-pealed. TITLE XII—OFFSETS SEC. 53101. MODIFYING REDUCTIONS IN MED-ICAID DSH ALLOTMENTS. 
Section 1923(f)(7)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396r–4(f)(7)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (i), in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and insert-ing ‘‘2020’’; and (2) in clause (ii), by striking subclauses (I) through (VIII) and inserting the following: ‘‘(I) $4,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(II) $8,000,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2021 through 2025.’’. 
SEC. 53102. THIRD PARTY LIABILITY IN MEDICAID AND CHIP. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF THIRD PARTY LIABIL -
ITYRULES RELATED TO SPECIAL TREATMENT  
OFCERTAIN TYPES OF CARE AND PAYMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1902(a)(25)(E) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(25)(E)) is amended, in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘prenatal or’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. (b) D
ELAY IN EFFECTIVE DATE AND REPEAL  
OFCERTAIN BIPARTISAN BUDGET ACT OF 2013 A
MENDMENTS .— (1) R
EPEAL .—Effective as of September 30, 2017, subsection (b) of section 202 of the Bi-partisan Budget Act of 2013 (Public Law 113– 67; 127 Stat. 1177; 42 U.S.C. 1396a note) (in-cluding any amendments made by such sub-section) is repealed and the provisions amended by such subsection shall be applied and administered as if such amendments had never been enacted. (2) D
ELAY IN EFFECTIVE DATE .—Subsection (c) of section 202 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–67; 127 Stat. 1177; 42 U.S.C. 1396a note) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on October 1, 2019.’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE ; TREATMENT .—The re- peal and amendment made by this subsection shall take effect as if enacted on September 30, 2017, and shall apply with respect to any open claims, including claims pending, gen-erated, or filed, after such date. The amend-ments made by subsections (a) and (b) of sec-tion 202 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–67; 127 Stat. 1177; 42 U.S.C. 1396a note) that took effect on October 1, 2017, are null and void and section 1902(a)(25) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(25)) shall be applied and adminis-tered as if such amendments had not taken effect on such date. (c) GAO S
TUDY AND REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate on the impacts of the amendments made by subsections (a)(1) and (b)(2), including— (1) the impact, or potential effect, of such amendments on access to prenatal and pre-ventive pediatric care (including early and periodic screening, diagnostic, and treat-ment services) covered under State plans under such title (or waivers of such plans); (2) the impact, or potential effect, of such amendments on access to services covered under such plans or waivers for individuals on whose behalf child support enforcement is being carried out by a State agency under part D of title IV of such Act; and (3) the impact, or potential effect, on pro-viders of services under such plans or waiv-ers of delays in payment or related issues that result from such amendments. (d) A
PPLICATION TO CHIP.— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES788 February 7, 2018 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 2107(e)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397gg(e)(1)) is amended— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) through (R) as subparagraphs (C) through (S), respectively; and (B) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) Section 1902(a)(25) (relating to third party liability).’’. (2) M
ANDATORY REPORTING .—Section 1902(a)(25)(I)(i) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(25)(I)(i)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘medical assistance under the State plan’’ and inserting ‘‘medical as-sistance under a State plan (or under a waiv-er of the plan)’’; (B) by striking ‘‘(and, at State option, child’’ and inserting ‘‘and child’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘title XXI)’’ and inserting ‘‘title XXI’’. 
SEC. 53103. TREATMENT OF LOTTERY WINNINGS AND OTHER LUMP-SUM INCOME FOR PURPOSES OF INCOME ELIGIBILITY UNDER MEDICAID. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1902 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(17), by striking ‘‘(e)(14), (e)(14)’’ and inserting ‘‘(e)(14), (e)(15)’’; and (2) in subsection (e)(14), by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(K) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN LOTTERY  
WINNINGS AND INCOME RECEIVED AS A LUMP  
SUM.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an indi-vidual who is the recipient of qualified lot-tery winnings (pursuant to lotteries occur-ring on or after January 1, 2018) or qualified lump sum income (received on or after such date) and whose eligibility for medical as-sistance is determined based on the applica-tion of modified adjusted gross income under subparagraph (A), a State shall, in deter-mining such eligibility, include such winnings or income (as applicable) as income received— ‘‘(I) in the month in which such winnings or income (as applicable) is received if the amount of such winnings or income is less than $80,000; ‘‘(II) over a period of 2 months if the amount of such winnings or income (as appli-cable) is greater than or equal to $80,000 but less than $90,000; ‘‘(III) over a period of 3 months if the amount of such winnings or income (as appli-cable) is greater than or equal to $90,000 but less than $100,000; and ‘‘(IV) over a period of 3 months plus 1 addi-tional month for each increment of $10,000 of such winnings or income (as applicable) re-ceived, not to exceed a period of 120 months (for winnings or income of $1,260,000 or more), if the amount of such winnings or in-come is greater than or equal to $100,000. ‘‘(ii) C
OUNTING IN EQUAL INSTALLMENTS .— For purposes of subclauses (II), (III), and (IV) of clause (i), winnings or income to which such subclause applies shall be counted in equal monthly installments over the period of months specified under such subclause. ‘‘(iii) H
ARDSHIP EXEMPTION .—An individual whose income, by application of clause (i), exceeds the applicable eligibility threshold established by the State, shall continue to be eligible for medical assistance to the extent that the State determines, under procedures established by the State (in accordance with standards specified by the Secretary), that the denial of eligibility of the individual would cause an undue medical or financial hardship as determined on the basis of cri-teria established by the Secretary. ‘‘(iv) N
OTIFICATIONS AND ASSISTANCE RE -
QUIRED IN CASE OF LOSS OF ELIGIBILITY .—A State shall, with respect to an individual who loses eligibility for medical assistance under the State plan (or a waiver of such plan) by reason of clause (i)— ‘‘(I) before the date on which the individual loses such eligibility, inform the individual— ‘‘(aa) of the individual’s opportunity to en-roll in a qualified health plan offered through an Exchange established under title I of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act during the special enrollment pe-riod specified in section 9801(f)(3) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to loss of Medicaid or CHIP coverage); and ‘‘(bb) of the date on which the individual would no longer be considered ineligible by reason of clause (i) to receive medical assist-ance under the State plan or under any waiv-er of such plan and be eligible to reapply to receive such medical assistance; and ‘‘(II) provide technical assistance to the in-dividual seeking to enroll in such a qualified health plan. ‘‘(v) QUALIFIED LOTTERY WINNINGS DE -
FINED .—In this subparagraph, the term ‘qualified lottery winnings’ means winnings from a sweepstakes, lottery, or pool de-scribed in paragraph (3) of section 4402 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or a lottery operated by a multistate or multijuris-dictional lottery association, including amounts awarded as a lump sum payment. ‘‘(vi) Q
UALIFIED LUMP SUM INCOME DE -
FINED .—In this subparagraph, the term ‘qualified lump sum income’ means income that is received as a lump sum from mone-tary winnings from gambling (as defined by the Secretary and including gambling activi-ties described in section 1955(b)(4) of title 18, United States Code).’’. (b) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— (1) I
NTERCEPTION OF LOTTERY WINNINGS AL -
LOWED .—Nothing in the amendment made by subsection (a)(2) shall be construed as pre-venting a State from intercepting the State lottery winnings awarded to an individual in the State to recover amounts paid by the State under the State Medicaid plan under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) for medical assistance furnished to the individual. (2) A
PPLICABILITY LIMITED TO ELIGIBILITY OF  
RECIPIENT OF LOTTERY WINNINGS OR LUMP SUM  
INCOME .—Nothing in the amendment made by subsection (a)(2) shall be construed, with respect to a determination of household in-come for purposes of a determination of eli-gibility for medical assistance under the State plan under title XIX of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) (or a waiver of such plan) made by applying modified ad-justed gross income under subparagraph (A) of section 1902(e)(14) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(e)(14)), as limiting the eligibility for such medical assistance of any individual that is a member of the household other than the individual who received qualified lottery winnings or qualified lump-sum in-come (as defined in subparagraph (K) of such section 1902(e)(14), as added by subsection (a)(2) of this section). 
SEC. 53104. REBATE OBLIGATION WITH RESPECT TO LINE EXTENSION DRUGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1927(c)(2)(C) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396r– 8(c)(2)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘(C) 
TREAT -
MENT OF NEW FORMULATIONS .—In the case’’ and all that follows through the period at the end of the first sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) T
REATMENT OF NEW FORMULATIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a drug that is a line extension of a single source drug or an innovator multiple source drug that is an oral solid dosage form, the rebate obligation for a rebate period with respect to such drug under this subsection shall be the greater of the amount described in clause (ii) for such drug or the amount described in clause (iii) for such drug. ‘‘(ii) AMOUNT 1 .—For purposes of clause (i), the amount described in this clause with re-spect to a drug described in clause (i) and re-bate period is the amount computed under paragraph (1) for such drug, increased by the amount computed under subparagraph (A) and, as applicable, subparagraph (B) for such drug and rebate period. ‘‘(iii) A
MOUNT 2 .—For purposes of clause (i), the amount described in this clause with re-spect to a drug described in clause (i) and re-bate period is the amount computed under paragraph (1) for such drug, increased by the product of— ‘‘(I) the average manufacturer price for the rebate period of the line extension of a single source drug or an innovator multiple source drug that is an oral solid dosage form; ‘‘(II) the highest additional rebate (cal-culated as a percentage of average manufac-turer price) under this paragraph for the re-bate period for any strength of the original single source drug or innovator multiple source drug; and ‘‘(III) the total number of units of each dosage form and strength of the line exten-sion product paid for under the State plan in the rebate period (as reported by the State).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made subsection (a) shall apply with respect to rebate periods beginning on or after Octo-ber 1, 2018. 
SEC. 53105. MEDICAID IMPROVEMENT FUND. 
Section 1941(b) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396w–1(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$0’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)(A), by striking ‘‘$980,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$0’’. 
SEC. 53106. PHYSICIAN FEE SCHEDULE UPDATE. 
Section 1848(d)(18) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4(d)(18)) is amended by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(C)’’ and all that fol-lows and inserting the following: ‘‘paragraph (1)(C)— ‘‘(A) for 2016 and each subsequent year through 2018 shall be 0.5 percent; and ‘‘(B) for 2019 shall be 0.25 percent.’’. 
SEC. 53107. PAYMENT FOR OUTPATIENT PHYS-ICAL THERAPY SERVICES AND OUT-PATIENT OCCUPATIONAL THERAPY SERVICES FURNISHED BY A THER-APY ASSISTANT. 
Section 1834 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(v) P
AYMENT FOR OUTPATIENT PHYSICAL  T
HERAPY SERVICES AND OUTPATIENT OCCUPA -
TIONAL THERAPY SERVICES FURNISHED BY A  T
HERAPY ASSISTANT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an out-patient physical therapy service or out-patient occupational therapy service fur-nished on or after January 1, 2022, for which payment is made under section 1848 or sub-section (k), that is furnished in whole or in part by a therapy assistant (as defined by the Secretary), the amount of payment for such service shall be an amount equal to 85 per-cent of the amount of payment otherwise ap-plicable for the service under this part. Nothing in the preceding sentence shall be construed to change applicable requirements with respect to such services. ‘‘(2) U
SE OF MODIFIER .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than Jan-uary 1, 2019, the Secretary shall establish a modifier to indicate (in a form and manner specified by the Secretary), in the case of an outpatient physical therapy service or out-patient occupational therapy service fur-nished in whole or in part by a therapy as-sistant (as so defined), that the service was furnished by a therapy assistant. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIRED USE .—Each request for pay-ment, or bill submitted, for an outpatient 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S789 February 7, 2018 
physical therapy service or outpatient occu-pational therapy service furnished in whole or in part by a therapy assistant (as so de-fined) on or after January 1, 2020, shall in-clude the modifier established under sub-paragraph (A) for each such service. ‘‘(3) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall implement this subsection through notice and comment rulemaking.’’. 
SEC. 53108. REDUCTION FOR NON-EMERGENCY ESRD AMBULANCE TRANSPORTS. 
Section 1834(l)(15) of the Social Security Act (42. U.S.C. 1395m(l)(15)) is amended by striking ‘‘on or after October 1, 2013’’ and in-serting ‘‘during the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2013, and ending on September 30, 2018, and by 23 percent for such services fur-nished on or after October 1, 2018’’. 
SEC. 53109. HOSPITAL TRANSFER POLICY FOR EARLY DISCHARGES TO HOSPICE CARE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1886(d)(5)(J) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(d)(5)(J)) is amended— (1) in clause (ii)— (A) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating subclause (IV) as sub-clause (V); and (C) by inserting after subclause (III) the following new subclause: ‘‘(IV) for discharges occurring on or after October 1, 2018, is provided hospice care by a hospice program; or’’; and (2) in clause (iv)— (A) by inserting after the first sentence the following new sentence: ‘‘The Secretary shall include in the proposed rule published for fis-cal year 2019, a description of the effect of clause (ii)(IV).’’; and (B) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘and (III)’’ and inserting ‘‘(III), and, in the case of pro-posed and final rules for fiscal year 2019 and subsequent fiscal years, (IV)’’. (b) M
EDPAC E VALUATION AND REPORT .— (1) E
VALUATION .—The Medicare Payment Advisory Commission (in this subsection re-ferred to as the ‘‘Commission’’) shall conduct an evaluation of the effects of the amend-ments made by subsection (a), including the effects on— (A) the numbers of discharges of patients from an inpatient hospital setting to a hos-pice program; (B) the lengths of stays of patients in an inpatient hospital setting who are dis-charged to a hospice program; (C) spending under the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act; and (D) other areas determined appropriate by the Commission. (2) C
ONSIDERATION .—In conducting the evaluation under paragraph (1), the Commis-sion shall consider factors such as whether the timely access to hospice care by patients admitted to a hospital has been affected through changes to hospital policies or be-haviors made as a result of such amend-ments. (3) P
RELIMINARY RESULTS .—Not later than March 15, 2020, the Commission shall provide Congress with preliminary results on the evaluation being conducted under paragraph (1). (4) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 15, 2021, the Commission shall submit to Congress a report on the evaluation conducted under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 53110. MEDICARE PAYMENT UPDATE FOR HOME HEALTH SERVICES. 
Section 1895(b)(3)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395fff(b)(3)(B)) is amended— (1) in clause (iii), in the last sentence, by inserting before the period at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘and for 2020 shall be 1.5 percent’’; and (2) in clause (vi), by inserting ‘‘and 2020’’ after ‘‘except 2018’’. SEC. 53111. MEDICARE PAYMENT UPDATE FOR SKILLED NURSING FACILITIES. 
Section 1888(e)(5)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395yy(e)(5)(B)) is amended— (1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and (iii)’’ and inserting ‘‘, (iii), and (iv)’’; (2) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘clause (iii)’’ and inserting ‘‘clauses (iii) and (iv)’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iv) S
PECIAL RULE FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 .— For fiscal year 2019 (or other similar annual period specified in clause (i)), the skilled nursing facility market basket percentage, after application of clause (ii), is equal to 2.4 percent.’’. 
SEC. 53112. PREVENTING THE ARTIFICIAL INFLA-TION OF STAR RATINGS AFTER THE CONSOLIDATION OF MEDICARE AD-VANTAGE PLANS OFFERED BY THE SAME ORGANIZATION. 
Section 1853(o)(4) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–23(o)(4)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(D) S
PECIAL RULE TO PREVENT THE ARTIFI -
CIAL INFLATION OF STAR RATINGS AFTER THE  
CONSOLIDATION OF MEDICARE ADVANTAGE  
PLANS OFFERED BY A SINGLE ORGANIZATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If— ‘‘(I) a Medicare Advantage organization has entered into more than one contract with the Secretary with respect to the offer-ing of Medicare Advantage plans; and ‘‘(II) on or after January 1, 2019, the Sec-retary approves a request from the organiza-tion to consolidate the plans under one or more contract (in this subparagraph referred to as a ‘closed contract’) with the plans of-fered under a separate contract (in this sub-paragraph referred to as the ‘continuing con-tract’); with respect to the continuing contract, the Secretary shall adjust the quality rating under the 5-star rating system and any qual-ity increase under this subsection and rebate amounts under section 1854 to reflect an en-rollment-weighted average of scores or rat-ings for the continuing and closed contracts, as determined appropriate by the Secretary. ‘‘(ii) A
PPLICATION .—An adjustment under clause (i) shall apply for any year for which the quality rating of the continuing contract is based primarily on a measurement period that is prior to the first year in which a closed contract is no longer offered.’’. 
SEC. 53113. SUNSETTING EXCLUSION OF BIOSIMILARS FROM MEDICARE PART D COVERAGE GAP DISCOUNT PROGRAM. 
Section 1860D–14A(g)(2)(A) of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–114a(g)(2)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, with respect to a plan year before 2019,’’ after ‘‘other than’’. 
SEC. 53114. ADJUSTMENTS TO MEDICARE PART B AND PART D PREMIUM SUBSIDIES FOR HIGHER INCOME INDIVIDUALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1839(i)(3)(C)(i) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395r(i)(3)(C)(i)) is amended— (1) in subclause (II), in the matter pre-ceding the table, by striking ‘‘years begin-ning with’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subclause: ‘‘(III) Subject to paragraph (5), for years beginning with 2019: ‘‘If the modified adjusted gross income is:......................................................... The applicable percentage is: More than $85,000 but not more than $107,000 ............................................. 35 percentMore than $107,000 but not more than $133,500 ............................................. 50 percentMore than $133,500 but not more than $160,000 ............................................. 65 percentMore than $160,000 but less than $500,000 ............................................. 80 percentAt least $500,000 .................................... 85 percent.’’. (b) JOINT RETURNS .—Section 1839(i)(3)(C)(ii) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395r(i)(3)(C)(ii)) is amended by inserting be-fore the period the following: ‘‘except, with respect to the dollar amounts applied in the last row of the table under subclause (III) of such clause (and the second dollar amount specified in the second to last row of such table), clause (i) shall be applied by sub-stituting dollar amounts which are 150 per-cent of such dollar amounts for the calendar year’’. (c) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—Section 1839(i)(5) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395r(i)(5)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘In the case’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subpara-graph (C), in the case’’; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘sub-paragraph (A)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A) or (C)’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) T
REATMENT OF ADJUSTMENTS FOR CER -
TAIN HIGHER INCOME INDIVIDUALS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply with respect to each dollar amount in paragraph (3) of $500,000. ‘‘(ii) A
DJUSTMENT BEGINNING 2028 .—In the case of any calendar year beginning after 2027, each dollar amount in paragraph (3) of $500,000 shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(I) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(II) the percentage (if any) by which the average of the Consumer Price Index for all urban consumers (United States city aver-age) for the 12-month period ending with Au-gust of the preceding calendar year exceeds such average for the 12-month period ending with August 2026.’’. 
SEC. 53115. MEDICARE IMPROVEMENT FUND. 
Section 1898(b)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395iii(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘$220,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$0’’. 
SEC. 53116. CLOSING THE DONUT HOLE FOR SEN-IORS. 
(a) C LOSING DONUT HOLESOONER .—Section 1860D–2(b)(2)(D) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–102(b)(2)(D))— (1) in clause (i), by amending subclause (I) to read as follows: ‘‘(I) equal to the difference between— ‘‘(aa) the applicable gap percentage (speci-fied in clause (ii) for the year); and ‘‘(bb) the discount percentage specified in section 1860D–14A(g)(4)(A) for such applicable drugs (or, in the case of a year after 2018, 50 percent); or’’; and (2) in clause (ii)— (A) in subclause (IV), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by striking subclause (V); and (C) in subclause (VI)— (i) by striking ‘‘2020’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’; and (ii) by redesignating such subclause as sub-clause (V). (b) L
OWERING DISCOUNTED PRICE.—Section 1860D–14A(g)(4)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–114a(g)(4)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(or, with respect to a plan year after plan year 2018, 30 percent)’’ after ‘‘50 percent’’. 
SEC. 53117. MODERNIZING CHILD SUPPORT EN-FORCEMENT FEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 454(6)(B)(ii) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 654(6)(B)(ii)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘$25’’ and inserting ‘‘$35’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘$500’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘$550’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES790 February 7, 2018 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the 1st day of the 1st fiscal year that begins on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply to payments under part D of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 651 et seq.) for calendar quarters beginning on or after such 1st day. (2) D
ELAY PERMITTED IF STATE LEGISLATION  
REQUIRED .—If the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines that State legis-lation (other than legislation appropriating funds) is required in order for a State plan developed pursuant to part D of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 651 et seq.) to meet the requirements imposed by the amendment made by subsection (a), the plan shall not be regarded as failing to meet such requirements before the 1st day of the 1st calendar quarter beginning after the first regular session of the State legislature that begins after the date of the enactment of this Act. For purposes of the preceding sen-tence, if the State has a 2-year legislative session, each year of the session is deemed to be a separate regular session of the State legislature. 
SEC. 53118. INCREASING EFFICIENCY OF PRISON DATA REPORTING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1611(e)(1)(I)(i)(II) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1382(e)(1)(I)(i)(II)) is amended by striking ‘‘30 days’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘15 days’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to any payment made by the Commis-sioner of Social Security pursuant to section 1611(e)(1)(I)(i)(II) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1382(e)(1)(I)(i)(II)) (as amended by such subsection) on or after the date that is 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 53119. PREVENTION AND PUBLIC HEALTH FUND. 
Section 4002(b) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 300u- 11(b)), as amended by section 3103 of Public Law 115-96, is amended by striking para-graphs (4) through (9) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) for fiscal year 2019, $900,000,000; ‘‘(5) for each of fiscal years 2020 and 2021, $950,000,000; ‘‘(6) for each of fiscal years 2022 and 2023, $1,000,000,000; ‘‘(7) for each of fiscal years 2024 and 2025, $1,300,000,000; ‘‘(8) for each of fiscal years 2026 and 2027, $1,800,000,000; and ‘‘(9) for fiscal year 2028 and each fiscal year thereafter, $2,000,000,000.’’. DIVISION F—IMPROVEMENTS TO AGRICULTURE PROGRAMS S
EC. 60101. (a) T REATMENT OF SEED COT-
TON.— (1) D
ESIGNATION OF SEED COTTON AS A COV -
ERED COMMODITY .—Section 1111(6) of the Ag-ricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9011(6)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘The term’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION .—Effective beginning with the 2018 crop year, the term ‘covered com-modity’ includes seed cotton.’’. (2) R
EFERENCE PRICE FOR SEED COTTON .— Section 1111(18) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9011(18)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(O) For seed cotton, $0.367 per pound.’’. (3) D
EFINITION OF SEED COTTON .—Section 1111 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9011) is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (20) through (24) as paragraphs (21) through (25), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (19) the following: ‘‘(20) SEED COTTON .—The term ‘seed cotton’ means unginned upland cotton that includes both lint and seed.’’. (4) P
AYMENT YIELD .—Section 1113 of the Ag-ricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9013) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) P
AYMENT YIELD FOR SEEDCOTTON .— ‘‘(1) P
AYMENT YIELD .—Subject to paragraph (2), the payment yield for seed cotton for a farm shall be equal to 2.4 times the payment yield for upland cotton for the farm estab-lished under section 1104(e)(3) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 8714(e)(3)) (as in effect on September 30, 2013). ‘‘(2) U
PDATE .—At the sole discretion of the owner of a farm with a yield for upland cot-ton described in paragraph (1), the owner of the farm shall have a 1-time opportunity to update the payment yield for upland cotton for the farm, as provided in subsection (d), for the purpose of calculating the payment yield for seed cotton under paragraph (1).’’. (5) P
AYMENT ACRES .—Section 1114(b) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9014(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) S
EED COTTON .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this para-graph, the Secretary shall require the owner of a farm to allocate all generic base acres on the farm under subparagraph (B) or (C), or both. ‘‘(B) N
O RECENT HISTORY OF COVERED COM -
MODITIES .—In the case of a farm on which no covered commodities (including seed cotton) were planted or were prevented from being planted at any time during the 2009 through 2016 crop years, the owner of such farm shall allocate generic base acres on the farm to unassigned crop base for which no payments may be made under section 1116 or 1117. ‘‘(C) R
ECENT HISTORY OF COVERED COMMOD -
ITIES .—In the case of a farm not described in subparagraph (B), the owner of such farm shall allocate generic base acres on the farm— ‘‘(i) subject to subparagraph (D), to seed cotton base acres in a quantity equal to the greater of— ‘‘(I) 80 percent of the generic base acres on the farm; or ‘‘(II) the average number of seed cotton acres planted or prevented from being plant-ed on the farm during the 2009 through 2012 crop years (not to exceed the total generic base acres on the farm); or ‘‘(ii) to base acres for covered commodities (including seed cotton), by applying subpara-graphs (B), (D), (E), and (F) of section 1112(a)(3). ‘‘(D) T
REATMENT OF RESIDUAL GENERIC BASE  
ACRES .—In the case of a farm on which ge-neric base acres are allocated under subpara-graph (C)(i), the residual generic base acres shall be allocated to unassigned crop base for which no payments may be made under sec-tion 1116 or 1117. ‘‘(E) E
FFECT OF FAILURE TO ALLOCATE .—In the case of a farm not described in subpara-graph (B) for which the owner of the farm fails to make an election under subparagraph (C), the owner of the farm shall be deemed to have elected to allocate all generic base acres in accordance with subparagraph (C)(i).’’. (6) R
ECORDKEEPING REGARDING UNASSIGNED  
CROP BASE .—Section 1114 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9014) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(f) U
NASSIGNED CROP BASE.—The Sec-retary shall maintain information on generic base acres on a farm allocated as unassigned crop base under subsection (b)(4).’’. (7) S
PECIAL ELECTION PERIOD FOR PRICE LOSS  
COVERAGE OR AGRICULTURE RISK COVERAGE .— Section 1115 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9015) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘For’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in sub-section (g), for’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) SPECIAL ELECTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of acres allo-cated to seed cotton on a farm, all of the pro-ducers on the farm shall be given the oppor-tunity to make a new 1-time election under subsection (a) to reflect the designation of seed cotton as a covered commodity for that crop year under section 1111(6)(B). ‘‘(2) E
FFECT OF FAILURE TO MAKE UNANIMOUS  
ELECTION .—If all the producers on a farm fail to make a unanimous election under para-graph (1), the producers on the farm shall be deemed to have elected price loss coverage under section 1116 for acres allocated on the farm to seed cotton.’’. (8) E
FFECTIVE PRICE .—Section 1116 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9016) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) E
FFECTIVE PRICE FOR SEEDCOTTON .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The effective price for seed cotton under subsection (b) shall be equal to the marketing year average price for seed cotton, as calculated under para-graph (2). ‘‘(2) C
ALCULATION .—The marketing year average price for seed cotton for a crop year shall be equal to the quotient obtained by di-viding— ‘‘(A) the sum obtained by adding— ‘‘(i) the product obtained by multiplying— ‘‘(I) the upland cotton lint marketing year average price; and ‘‘(II) the total United States upland cotton lint production, measured in pounds; and ‘‘(ii) the product obtained by multiplying— ‘‘(I) the cottonseed marketing year average price; and ‘‘(II) the total United States cottonseed production, measured in pounds; by ‘‘(B) the sum obtained by adding— ‘‘(i) the total United States upland cotton lint production, measured in pounds; and ‘‘(ii) the total United States cottonseed production, measured in pounds.’’. (9) D
EEMED LOAN RATE FOR SEED COTTON .— Section 1202 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9032) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) S
EEDCOTTON .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of section 1116(b)(2) and paragraphs (1)(B)(ii) and (2)(A)(ii)(II) of section 1117(b), the loan rate for seed cotton shall be deemed to be equal to $0.25 per pound. ‘‘(2) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this subsection authorizes any nonrecourse marketing as-sistance loan under this subtitle for seed cot-ton.’’. (10) L
IMITATION ON STACKED INCOME PROTEC -
TION PLAN FOR PRODUCERS OF UPLAND COT -
TON.—Section 508B of the Federal Crop Insur-ance Act (7 U.S.C. 1508b) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(f) L
IMITATION .—Effective beginning with the 2019 crop year, a farm shall not be eligi-ble for the Stacked Income Protection Plan for upland cotton for a crop year for which the farm is enrolled in coverage for seed cot-ton under— ‘‘(1) price loss coverage under section 1116 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9016); or ‘‘(2) agriculture risk coverage under sec-tion 1117 of that Act (7 U.S.C. 9017).’’. (11) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Section 1114(b)(2) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9014(b)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘paragraphs (1)(B) and (2)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (1) and (2)’’. (12) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Secretary of Ag-riculture shall carry out the amendments made by this subsection in accordance with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S791 February 7, 2018 
section 1601 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9091). (13) A
PPLICATION .—Except as provided in paragraph (10), the amendments made by this subsection shall apply beginning with the 2018 crop year. (b) M
ARGIN PROTECTION PROGRAM FOR  D
AIRY PRODUCERS .— (1) M
ONTHLY CALCULATION OF ACTUAL DAIRY  
PRODUCTION MARGIN .— (A) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 1401 of the Agri-cultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9051) is amend-ed— (i) by striking paragraph (4); and (ii) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (11) as paragraphs (4) through (10), respectively. (B) C
ALCULATION OF ACTUAL DAIRY PRODUC -
TION MARGIN .—Section 1402(b)(1) of the Agri-cultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9052(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘consecutive 2-month period’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘month’’. (C) M
ARGIN PROTECTION PAYMENTS .—Sec- tion 1406 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9056) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘consecutive 2-month pe-riod’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘month’’; and (ii) in subsection (c)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘6’’ and inserting ‘‘12’’. (2) P
ARTICIPATION OF DAIRY OPERATIONS IN  
MARGIN PROTECTION PROGRAM .—Section 1404 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9054) is amended— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, includ-ing the establishment of a date each cal-endar year by which a dairy operation shall register for the calendar year’’ before the pe-riod at the end; (ii) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (iii) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following: ‘‘(2) E
XTENSION OF ELECTION PERIOD FOR 2018  
CALENDAR YEAR .—The Secretary shall extend the election period for the 2018 calendar year by not less than 90 days after the date of en-actment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 or such additional period as the Secretary determines is necessary for dairy operations to make new elections to participate for that calendar year, including dairy operations that elected to so participate before that date of enactment.’’; and (B) in subsection (c), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) E
XEMPTION .—A limited resource, be-ginning, veteran, or socially disadvantaged farmer, as defined by the Secretary, shall be exempt from the administrative fee under this subsection.’’. (3) P
RODUCTION HISTORY OF PARTICIPATING  
DAIRY OPERATIONS .—Section 1405(a) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9055(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) C
ONTINUED APPLICABILITY OF BASE PRO -
DUCTION HISTORY .—A production history es-tablished for a dairy operation under para-graph (1) shall be the base production history for the dairy operation in subsequent years (as adjusted under paragraph (2)).’’. (4) P
REMIUMS FOR MARGIN PROTECTION PRO -
GRAM .—Section 1407 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9057) is amended— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking the subsection heading and inserting the following: ‘‘T
IERI: P REMIUM  P
ERHUNDREDWEIGHT FOR FIRST 5,000,000 P
OUNDS OF PRODUCTION .—’’; (ii) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘4,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘5,000,000’’; and (iii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking ‘‘$0.010’’ and inserting ‘‘None’’; (II) by striking ‘‘$0.025’’ and inserting ‘‘None’’; (III) by striking ‘‘$0.040’’ and inserting ‘‘$0.009’’; (IV) by striking ‘‘$0.055’’ and inserting ‘‘$0.016’’; (V) by striking ‘‘$0.090’’ and inserting ‘‘$0.040’’; (VI) by striking ‘‘$0.217’’ and inserting ‘‘$0.063’’; (VII) by striking ‘‘$0.300’’ and inserting ‘‘$0.087’’; and (VIII) by striking ‘‘$0.475’’ and inserting ‘‘$0.142’’; and (B) in subsection (c)— (i) by striking the subsection heading and inserting the following: ‘‘TIERII: P REMIUM  P
ERHUNDREDWEIGHT FOR PRODUCTION IN EX-
CESS OF 5,000,000 P OUNDS .—’’; and (ii) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘4,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘5,000,000’’. (5) A
PPLICATION .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply beginning with the 2018 calendar year. (c) L
IMITATION ON CROP INSURANCE LIVE-
STOCK -RELATED EXPENDITURES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 523(b) of the Fed-eral Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1523(b)) is amended by striking paragraph (10). (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 516 of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1516) is amended in subsections (a)(2)(C) and (b)(1)(D) by striking ‘‘subsections (a)(3)(E)(ii) and (b)(10) of section 523’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(3)(E)(ii) of that section’’. S
EC. 60102. (a) Section 1240B of the Food Se-curity Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839aa–2) is amended by striking subsection (a) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—During each of the 2002 through 2019 fiscal years, the Secretary shall provide payments to producers that enter into contracts with the Secretary under the program.’’. (b) Section 1241 of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3841) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 (and fiscal year 2019 in the case of the program specified in paragraph (5))’’; and (B) in paragraph (5)(E), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2018 through 2019’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 (and fiscal year 2019 in the case of the program specified in subsection (a)(5))’’. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Im-provements to Agriculture Programs Act of 2018’’. DIVISION G—BUDGETARY EFFECTS 
SEC. 70101. BUDGETARY EFFECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The budgetary effects of division A, subdivision 2 of division B, and division C and each succeeding division shall not be entered on either PAYGO scorecard maintained pursuant to section 4(d) of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010. (b) S
ENATE PAYGO SCORECARDS .—The budg-etary effects of division A, subdivision 2 of division B, and division C and each suc-ceeding division shall not be entered on any PAYGO scorecard maintained for purposes of section 4106 of H. Con. Res. 71 (115th Con-gress). (c) C
LASSIFICATION OF BUDGETARY EF-
FECTS .—Notwithstanding Rule 3 of the Budg-et Scorekeeping Guidelines set forth in the joint explanatory statement of the com-mittee of conference accompanying Con-ference Report 105–217 and section 250(c)(8) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, the budgetary effects of division A, subdivision 2 of division B, and division C and each succeeding division shall not be estimated— (1) for purposes of section 251 of such Act; and (2) for purposes of paragraph (4)(C) of sec-tion 3 of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 as being included in an appropriation Act. SA 1931. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 1930 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1892, to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty, as follows: 
At the end add the following. ‘‘This Act shall take effect 1 day after the date of enactment.’’ 
SA 1932. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 1892, to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty; as follows: 
At the end add the following. ‘‘This Act shall take effect 2 days after the date of enactment.’’ 
SA 1933. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 1932 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1892, to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘2’’ and insert ‘‘3’’ 
SA 1934. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 1933 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 1932 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1892, to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty, as follows: 
Strike ‘‘3 days’’ and insert ‘‘4 days’’ f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I have 9 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
The Committee on Environment and Public Works is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, February 7, 2018, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the nomi-nation of Andrew Wheeler, of Virginia, to be Deputy Administrator of the En-vironmental Protection Agency. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
The Committee on Environment and Public Works is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, February 7, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Im-pact of Federal Environmental Regula-tions and Policies on American Farm-ing and Ranching Communities.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.039 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES792 February 7, 2018 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, Feb-ruary 7, 2018, at 4:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, Feb-ruary 7, 2018, at 5 p.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Turkey and the Way Ahead.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, February 7, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Reauthorizing DHS: Posi-tioning DHS to Address New and Emerging Threats to the Homeland.’’ 
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING  
The Special Committee on Aging is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, February 7, 2018, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hear-ing entitled ‘‘From Joint Pain to Pock-et Pain: Cost and Competition Among Rheumatoid Arthritis Therapies.’’ 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON AIRLAND  
The Subcommittee on Airland of the Committee on Armed Services is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, February 7, 2018, at 3:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing. SUBCOMMITTEE ON EMERGING THREATS AND  
CAPABILITIES  
The Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities of the Com-mittee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on Wednesday, February 7, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON PUBLIC LANDS , FORESTS AND  
MINING  
The Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests and Mining of the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, February 7, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing. 
f 
APPOINTMENT The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair announces, on behalf of the Democratic leader, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 93–112, as amended by Public Law 112–166, and further amended by Public Law 113–128, the appointment of the following to serve as a member of the National Council on Disability: Andres J. Gallegos of Illinois. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10:30 a.m., Thursday, February 8; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the House message to accompany H.R. 695, with the time until the cloture vote equally divided between the two leaders or their des-ignees. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 11:44 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, February 8, 2018, at 10:30 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate February 7, 2018: 
CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY  
SERVICE  
BARBARA STEWART, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE CHIEF EXECU-TIVE OFFICER OF THE CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY SERVICE. 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES  
BRETT GIROIR, OF TEXAS, TO BE MEDICAL DIRECTOR IN THE REGULAR CORPS OF THE PUBLIC HEALTH SERV-ICE, SUBJECT TO THE QUALIFICATIONS THEREFOR AS PROVIDED BY LAW AND REGULATIONS, AND TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERV-ICES. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A07FE6.041 S07FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE149 February 7, 2018 
HONORING DEBBIE AND DONALD JOHNSON 
HON. JULIA BROWNLEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the countless con-tributions of Debbie and Donald Johnson and the mark they have made on their community in Santa Paula, California. For a quarter of a century, Debbie and Donald have tirelessly served the City of Santa Paula and its resi-dents by chronicling the community’s news and happenings. Santa Paula residents since 1979, Debbie and Donald Johnson founded the twice-weekly Santa Paula Times in 1993, following the clo-sure of the 105-year-old Santa Paula Daily Chronicle, of which Donald was the publisher and Debbie was the office manager. Together they published the Santa Paula Times for 25 years, never missing an issue. The numerous accolades they have re-ceived over the years are a testament to their civic virtue. Debbie and Donald Johnson have been honored as the 2015 Citizens of the Year by the Santa Paula Chamber of Com-merce; the 2015 Jesse Victoria Business of the Year Award by the Latino Town Hall; and the 1994 and 2009 Business of the Year Award; as well as the 1991 Good Practices Award by the Santa Paula Chamber of Com-merce. In addition, Donald is a veteran of the Viet-nam War, serving in the United States Army from 1968 to 1970. For his distinguished serv-ice, he received the Bronze Star, the National Defense Medal, the Vietnam Service Medal, the Vietnam Campaign Medal, the Army Com-mendation Medal, and the Good Conduct Medal. Donald continued his public service by serving two terms on the Santa Paula City Council and was appointed as mayor twice. Debbie Johnson was president of the Down-town Merchants Association, which staged the annual Hot Summer Jazz and Art. Both Don-ald and Debbie are co-founders of the Citizens Patrol and founding directors of the Santa Paula Police and Fire Foundations, and Debbie has been a leading force for the an-nual Moonlight at the Ranch fundraiser that benefits public safety organizations in the re-gion. Debbie and Donald Johnson strongly sup-port many charitable activities in Santa Paula and have been lauded for their steadfast com-mitment to organizations including the Santa Paula Chamber of Commerce, the Boys & Girls Club of Santa Paula, the Santa Paula Optimist Club, and the Santa Paula Education Foundation. For these reasons, it is my honor to recog-nize Debbie and Donald Johnson for their dedicated efforts in serving the Santa Paula community and embodying a level of civic en-gagement and participation to which we should all aspire. I thank Donald and Debbie for establishing the Santa Paula Times, a local journalistic institution that will not soon be for-gotten. f 
HONORING MIKE LOVE OF THE BEACH BOYS 
HON. DARRELL E. ISSA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mike Love, a founding member of The Beach Boys, one of the most popular rock groups in history. Love has spent an extraordinary fifty- five years and counting as the group’s lead singer and one of its principal lyricists, with thirteen Gold albums, fifty-five Top 100 sin-gles, and four number-one hits. He has re-ceived an Ella Award for his songwriting and, as a member of The Beach Boys, is a mem-ber of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, the California Hall of Fame, the Vocal Group Hall of Fame and he has received a Grammy Life-time Achievement Award. The Beach Boys, from their California roots to their international fame, are a unique Amer-ican story, one of overnight success, age- defying longevity, musical genius and spiritu-ality. Mike Love is the only band member to be part of it each and every step of the way. It’s an American story of how a sheet metal apprentice became the quintessential front man for one of America’s most successful rock bands, singing in more than 5,600 con-certs in twenty-six countries. Love wrote the lyrics for pop classics such as ‘‘Good Vibrations,’’ ‘‘California Girls,’’ ‘‘Surfin’ USA,’’ and ‘‘Kokomo.’’ Mike’s partner-ship with his cousin Brian Wilson has few equals in American pop music, though Mike has carved out a legacy of his own. He co- wrote the lyrics to eleven of the twelve original Beach Boys songs that were Top 10 hits while providing the lead vocals on ten of them. The band’s unprecedented durability also provides a glimpse into America’s changing cultural mores over the past half century. Mike’s latest solo album, ‘‘Unleash the Love,’’ was released in November 2017 with his hope that ‘‘if we all can unleash whatever love inside of us, we can collectively make this world better.’’ His memoir, Good Vibrations: My Life as a Beach Boy, released in 2016 and is a New York Times bestseller. A husband, a father, and an avid environ-mentalist, Love’s life is as rich and layered as The Beach Boys’ harmonies themselves. Love has been married to his wife, Jacquelyne Piesen, since 1994 and has eight children: Brian Love, Ambha Love, Michael Love, Jr., Melinda Love, Summer Love, Christian Love, Teresa Love and Hayleigh Love. COMMENDING NORTH JERSEY MAYORS AND COUNCILMEMBERS HON. JOSH GOTTHEIMER 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Mr. GOTTHEIMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend the mayors of Sussex and Warren Counties, who convened last month for my Fifth District Mayors Summit. I’m proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with these lead-ers to save taxpayer dollars, invest in critical infrastructure, improve rural broadband connectivity, and provide law enforcement and firefighters with the resources they need to protect our communities. In North Jersey, we are paying far too much in taxes and getting far too little in return. My District pays some of the highest taxes in the nation, yet we receive only 33 cents back for every dollar we send to Washington. Compare that rate to that of the ‘‘Moocher States’’ in-cluding Mississippi, whose citizens receive $4.38 back for every dollar they send to D.C. These states are giving themselves relief and sticking New Jersey with the bill. We must continue working hard at the local level to stop New Jersey from becoming America’s piggy bank. With the new chal-lenges created by the recently passed Tax Hike Bill, we have to be more creative than ever in bringing federal dollars to the District and fighting for federal grants to boost our re-turn on investment. Our mayors have already seen record successes in earning grants that support our cops, firefighters, and towns. For example, in Wantage Township, the Fire De-partment received $102,000 in federal funds for safety and operations through the Depart-ment of Homeland Security’s Assistance to Firefighters Grant (AFG) program—the first AFG grant awarded to Wantage in thirteen years. In Belvidere, the town received more than $1 million in federal excess equipment pro-grams—more than $857 per family—through which the Police Department and Department of Public Works received equipment. That equipment included fifteen workstation com-puters, a network server, trucks, trailers, and six generators that can function as an electric power plant and provide electricity to the Fire Department, Police Department, and two storm shelters in the event of a major storm. Our work together is about fighting for North Jersey and helping our residents reduce their tax burden. I am leaving no stone unturned in clawing back federal resources for New Jersey and hope that by shining a light on these public servants, our mayors can build on their suc-cess, and save more money for their towns and taxpayers. There is nothing partisan about this; it’s just good for New Jersey. This year, I am thankful for the fourteen mayors and leaders who attended our summit, rolled up their sleeves, and put in the week-end hours to help strengthen their towns: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07FE8.001 E07FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE150 February 7, 2018 
Hackettstown Mayor Maria DiGiovanni Andover Borough Mayor John Morgan Andover Township Mayor Janis McGovern Allamuchy Mayor Keith DeTombeur Mansfield Township Mayor Joseph Watters Washington Borough Mayor Dave Higgins Hope Mayor Timothy McDonough Newton Mayor Wayne Levante Independence Mayor Robert Giordano Allamuchy Deputy Mayor Elliott Koppel Hackettstown Councilman Matt Engelau Hackettstown Councilman Jerry DiMaio Hackettstown Councilman James Lambo Hackettstown Councilman Scott Sheldon I thank them for their service. I am lucky to partner with this bipartisan group for the good of the Fifth District. 
f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF PHILIP JOHN CARRIGAN, JR. 
HON. BRADLEY SCOTT SCHNEIDER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Philip Carrigan, a dear friend and extraordinary community leader, for his dedi-cated service to Lake County as a lifelong ad-vocate and volunteer. It is hard to find a community organization or charity in Lake County not touched by Phil’s tireless activity. He worked closely with the Waukegan Township-based transitional hous-ing programs for people experiencing home-lessness at Eddie Washington Center House and Staben House. He was also particularly dedicated to his regular Friday shift at the PADS Lake County homeless shelter, and one year even threw his birthday party there rather than miss a week. Phil was an active volunteer with local pris-on reform groups, the John Howard Society and Prisoner Visitation and Support, and worked with the Coalition to Reduce Recidi-vism to help former inmates reintegrate into and succeed in society after serving their time. In 2005, Phil was elected as a trustee of the College of Lake County Board, where he served two six-year terms. CLC board Chair-man Richard Anderson described Phil as, ‘‘a dedicated supporter of CLC’s students, a strong advocate for the Waukegan community and a person of extreme integrity.’’ The Faith Food Pantry in Zion, the Lake County Community Action Project, the CEASE FIRE Advisory Council, the Lake County NAACP board, and many other organizations benefited from Phil’s activism as well. Professionally, Dr. Carrigan began his ca-reer as a pharmacist in Boston. He later moved to Lake County in 1974 to begin work with Abbott Laboratories, where he worked for 30 years, primarily in pharmaceutical research and development. In recognition of his impor-tant contributions to the field, Dr. Carrigan was inducted into the Volwiler Society at the com-pany. Phil will be remembered for his big heart and sage wisdom, and as a friend and sup-porter of all those in the Lake County commu-nity. He will be missed by the many people whose lives were touched by his service. I extend my sincerest condolences to Phil’s wife Mary Clare Jakes; daughter Erin Carrigan; and the many other family, friends, and colleagues who were changed by his life and now mourn his loss. f 
COMMON SENSE NUTRITION DISCLOSURE ACT OF 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 6, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 772, the so-called ‘‘Com-mon Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act of 2017,’’ which would deprive American consumers of the full benefit of the Menu Labeling Rule pro-mulgated by the Food and Drug Administration scheduled to go into effect on May 7, 2018. The Menu Labeling Rule provides con-sumers with nutritional information on the foods they purchase which is critically needed given rates of obesity and diabetes at crisis levels across the country. Mr. Speaker, more than two-thirds of adults and one-third of children are considered to be overweight or obese. Additionally, on average, Americans con-sume roughly one-third of their calories, and nearly half of their total food spending, on food prepared outside the home. For this reason, access to nutritional infor-mation at the point of sale is an important tool for consumers to make informed nutrition deci-sions. Unfortunately, H.R. 772 will undo the impor-tant progress made to implement federal menu labeling standards and will lead to con-sumer and industry confusion. Consumers deserve transparency and in-dustry deserves certainty, and the bill will lead to less of both. Specifically, I oppose the bill because it: 1. Increases consumer confusion and allows deceptive portion sizes; 2. Removes consumer’s right to information regardless of the location of purchase; 3. Removes the American people and the FDA’s ability to ensure compliance; and 4. Delays needed transparency and undoes years of work by the FDA. Current law requires menu boards to display calorie information for foods in portions that people would realistically be expected to eat. However, H.R. 772 would permit establish-ments to display misleading calorie counts, such as by listing a single sandwich as ‘‘4 servings.’’ H.R. 772 removes the requirement that menu labeling be available at all points of pur-chase. In a business sells 51 percent of sales on-line, restaurants would not be required to pro-vide nutritional information to the remaining 49 percent of consumers. Consumers should not lose access to nutri-tional information based on where they decide to purchase their meal. This bill removes the responsibility of busi-nesses to certify they remain compliant with menu labeling requirements and shields estab-lishments from any civil lawsuits for non-compliance. This removes important tools to hold busi-nesses accountable and ensure Americans re-ceive the transparency they want and deserve when eating out. Since 2010 when menu labeling require-ments were placed into law FDA has worked extensively with stakeholders to enact the law in a manner that works for both consumers and businesses. Most recently, in November 2017, FDA pub-lished additional guidance to help answer re-maining questions related to compliance and ensure all covered establishments have the tools they need to comply. H.R. 772, however, would require FDA to expend significant resources to revise the final menu labeling rule, leading to extensive delays and greater confusion given that many businesses have already begun implementa-tion of the menu labeling requirements as they currently stand. Under H.R. 772, changes to menu labeling requirements would make access to informa-tion on menu labels more difficult for con-sumers. Americans must be able to know what is in their food to make healthy choices. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support the final rule enacted by the Food and Drug Administration. It was the result of a deliberate multi-year process that included input from officials in the food industry, government and public health. This bill is unnecessary as the FDA’s recent guidance already addresses the bill’s concern. Chain food service establishments have had years to prepare for compliance with the re-quirements. Many of these establishments have already changed their menus in anticipation of the May 5, 2018 deadlines. The May 7, 2018 deadline is actually the third extension of previous deadlines, dating back to December 1, 2016. Consumers must be able to have all avail-able information to make informed, healthy choices for themselves and their families. I urge all Members to vote against this ill- advised and anti-consumer measure. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE SERVICE OF MR. THOMAS COREY 
HON. BRIAN J. MAST 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I dedicate my time today to a man, who as a resident of Jupiter, Florida, I am honored to represent in Con-gress. His name is Mr. Thomas Corey, a decorated Vietnam hero who proudly served our country as a combat infantryman. During the 1968 Tet Offensive, he received an enemy round in the neck that hit his spinal cord, leaving him paralyzed and a quadriplegic for life. But this did not stop him from dedi-cating his life and work to our veterans, and our country. Since then, he has done extraordinary work: he has served on many Advisory Boards with local governments, and with the VA Medical Centers in West Palm Beach and Miami, the VA Research Foundation of Palm Beaches, VSIN 8 Management Assistance Council, Friends of Veterans Board, Friends of Fisher House Board, as President of the Vietnam Veterans Peace Initiative, and as the founding president of the Vietnam Veterans of Amer-ica’s Palm Beach County Chapter. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07FE8.003 E07FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE151 February 7, 2018 
Mr. Corey has even returned to Vietnam 16 times since 1994, representing the Vietnam Veterans of America’s Veterans Initiative pro-gram dedicated to recovery efforts for our Vietnam Prisoners of War and those Missing in Action, as well as to studies on the health effects of Agent Orange. In that capacity, he met with top Vietnamese and Laos leaders, leaders and members of the Veterans Asso-ciation of Vietnam, U.S. Ambassadors, and the Joint Task Force-Full Accounting in Viet-nam and Laos. For these extraordinary efforts, he was nominated for the Nobel Peace prize. He was also the first recipient of the Vietnam Veterans of America’s Commendation Medal, the VV A’s highest award for service to vet-erans, their families, and the community. He is also a member of the Paralyzed Vet-erans of America, the Military Order of the Purple Heart, Disabled American Veterans, American Legion, Veterans of Foreign Wars,1st Cavalry Association and the National Association of Uniformed Services. To this day, Mr. Corey is still fighting for his fellow veterans, serving as Ombudsman and Program Specialist with the Director’s Office at the West Palm Beach VA. I can’t think of any-one who has given more for his comrades, and for his country, than Mr. Thomas Corey, and I could not be prouder to represent him in Congress. 
f 
EL GU¨ERO CANELO WINS JAMES BEARD AWARD 
HON. RAU´L M. GRIJALVA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate Daniel Contreras, the owner of the famed El Gu¨ero Canelo res-taurant for receiving a James Beard Award for his world-famous Sonoran hot dog. El Gu ¨ero Canelo won this prestigious award in a special category called ‘‘American Classics,’’ which honors restaurants that are ‘‘cherished for quality food that reflects the character of the community.’’ I cannot think of a better choice that reflects the cuisine and culture of Tucson. Contreras’ restaurant, El Gu¨ero Canelo, is emblematic of the merging of Mexican and American culture that makes Tucson so spe-cial. The restaurant has a storied history in the region and is representative of how one immi-grant from Mexico with hard work, dedication, and drive can achieve the American Dream. Born in Magdalena, Sonora, Mexico, Contreras experienced the trials of economic hardship, spending his days playing baseball while dreaming of a professional career. Like so many before him, Contreras left his native Mexico for Tucson, Arizona in search of a bet-ter life and lured by the promise of the Amer-ican Dream. He worked long hours as a dish-washer in local restaurants until he decided to take a risk and open up a hot dog stand in 1993, which became the birthplace of the leg-endary El Gu¨ero Canelo. From that tiny hot dog stand, his business has grown to include three restaurants in Tucson and one in Phoe-nix. In addition to his immeasurable contribu-tions to the gastronomy of Tucson, Contreras is an upstanding member of the community, dedicated to serving others. He is an active member of his church and frequently visits state prisons to speak with incarcerated indi-viduals on how to prevent alcoholism. Contreras’ story demonstrates the power of the American Dream and the persistent, entre-preneurial spirit of our immigrant community. Thank you Daniel Contreras for your contribu-tions to Tucson, and I look forward to enjoying a James Beard award-winning Sonoran hot-dog. f 
ECONOMIC JUSTICE IN THE BLACK COMMUNITY 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MARCIA L. FUDGE 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 5, 2018 Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, during the State of the Union speech last week, many of us did not applaud the President as he assumed re-sponsibility for the lowest rate of Black unem-ployment ever recorded. The simple truth is that while Black unemployment reached its lowest level in decades, the rate has been in steady decline for the last seven years, a credit to the Obama Administration President Trump so often maligns. It is also true that while gains have been made, the Black unemployment rates fall short of that for White workers. The President has failed to acknowledge that just in the last month, Black unemployment jumped nearly a full percentage point, from 6.8 percent to 7.7 percent, and continues to be nearly double that of White workers. If Black unemployment figures were the overall national figures, the country would be facing or nearly facing an economic recession, Yet, this Administration’s policies continue to take aim at too many of us, especially African Americans and other communities of color. Black unemployment has consistently been about double that of white employment. Sadly, other statistics mirror what amounts to a per-sistent racial wealth divide: 90 percent of White households live above the poverty line compared to 75 of Black households; 71 percent of White households are home-owners compared to 41 percent of Black households; and In 2016, white families had a median net worth of $171,000, compared with $17,600 for Black families. There is no doubt the persistent wealth dis-parity is rooted in federal policies that build and preserve the racial wealth divide since the institution of slavery. The Social Security Act of 1935 provides just one example. The Act’s passage laid the groundwork to aid the elderly after the Great Depression. Yet, the Act ex-cluded about one-third of all American work-ers, including farmworkers and domestic work-ers—who were predominately people of color. For African Americans, the cost of exclusion from the Social Security Act of 1935 resulted in a loss of benefits totaling $143.2 billion in 2016 dollars. Similarly, federal housing policies from 1934 to 1968, which sought to make homeowner-ship accessible to more families, shut out black families from homeownership through the practice of redlining. Unfortunately, the racial wealth gap shows no sign of letting up under the Trump Adminis-tration. His economic policies offer dim pros-pects for African Americans and other commu-nities of color. The President’s lopsided tax cut transferred massive amounts of wealth to those who are already wealthy at the expense of everyone else. The tax cuts add at least $1.5 trillion to the national deficit, with likely offsets to earned benefits and social safety net programs like Medicare, Medicaid, and SNAP—programs many families depend on. The cuts rob the American people of resources that could put people to work building infrastructure, or be in-vested in public education, child care, and health care. Trump’s first year budget was equally alarm-ing. Proposed cuts to the Minority Business Development Agency, Community Develop-ment Block Grants, and the Economic Devel-opment Administration, among countless oth-ers, will almost certainly diminish the ability of underserved communities to get ahead . These are not the actions of an Administra-tion interested in helping all Americans. It is time the Trump Administration and Repub-licans in Congress start acting on behalf of all Americans, and not just a few. It is time to turn words, cheers, and applause into mean-ingful action and help ensure economic justice for all. 
f 
CELEBRATING 75 YEARS OF MERCIER ORCHARDS 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of Mercier Orchards’ 75th anniversary, which took place on January 19. In 1943, Bill and Adele Mercier acted on their dream to own a homegrown apple or-chard by purchasing a 27-acre plot of land in Fannin County. What began as an apple or-chard, though, eventually grew to include a market, winery, restaurant, and wedding venue. Four generations and 75 harvests later, Mercier Orchards has grown into one of Geor-gia’s top destinations for our state’s booming agritourism industry. Each year brings in over 600,000 visitors from across the country, and the company now ships its apples, fried pies, and other delicious treats to people around the world. Mercier Orchards’ continued success attests to the strength of this family-run business. By encouraging each other through the poor har-vests, the Mercier family was able to per-severe together, using their business to make a positive impact on northeast Georgia. I congratulate Mercier Orchards on 75 fruit-ful years and wish the family the best as they continue to celebrate this milestone. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF RABBI ISAIAH ZELDIN 
HON. BRAD SHERMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today along with my colleagues Congressman T
ED 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07FE8.002 E07FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE152 February 7, 2018 
LIEU, Congressman A DAM SCHIFF , and Con-gressman L
EEZELDIN to pay tribute to the vi-sionary Rabbi Isaiah Zeldin, who passed away at the age of 97. Rabbi Zeldin was the founder and spiritual leader of Stephen Wise Temple. Stephen Wise Temple is located on an 18- acre mountain between the San Fernando Valley and the Westside of Los Angeles. The Temple started in 1964 with just 35 families and grew into one of the largest Reform Jew-ish synagogues and schools in the world. Rabbi Zeldin transformed Jewish education in Los Angeles as an advocate for building Jewish day schools in the Reform movement. Thousands of students have now been edu-cated at the Temple’s educational venues which came to include a pre-school, elemen-tary school, high school, and religious school. Rabbi Zeldin was known for speaking from his heart on the pulpit, usually without any notes. He was a champion for issues ranging from access to education, affordable housing, and support for the state of Israel. Rabbi Zeldin inspired in future generations a desire to care for others and set an example of inclu-siveness by welcoming Jews of all denomina-tions, as well as non-Jews to the synagogue. The Los Angeles community mourns the loss of its Rabbi, leader, teacher, mentor, and friend. We give thanks for the incredible leg-acy he leaves behind and for his many con-tributions to our community and the Jewish People. We send our sincerest condolences to Rabbi Zeldin’s children, Joel and Karen, and Michael and Terry; his brother, Bernard; his grandchildren, Sivan and Igor, Sasha and Dustin, Oren and Noga, Gabe, and Noam; and his great-grandchildren, Eytan, Ilan, Alina, Liam, Stav, Evan and Ido. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TIMOTHY J. WALZ 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I was absent for Roll Call No. 60 (on the Motion to Concur in the House Amendment to Senate Amendment to H.R. 1892—Further Extension of Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018). Had I been present, I would have voted No. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 1892, HONORING HOMETOWN HE-ROES ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 6, 2018 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I will vote no on H. Res. 727 because of my strong objec-tions to the Republican majority’s refusal to do Congress’ work on time and their rejection of regular order for debate on critical national pri-orities. H. Res. 727 makes in order H.R. 1892. This bill is entitled the Honoring Hometown Heroes Act, but in its current form this legislation has nothing to do with recognizing our first re-sponders. In fact, the version of H.R. 1892 the House will consider under H. Res. 727 denies our first responders the certainty they deserve by providing them just 43 days of federal fund-ing. Discord and delay is no way to run our gov-ernment. Instead of playing political games, it is time that Republicans join Democrats to reach a bipartisan budget agreement that keeps our government open, protects our na-tional security, and meets our commitments to hardworking families. f 
HONORING THE CITY OF BEDFORD FOR PROVIDING EARLY CANCER DETECTION SCREENING TO ITS FIREFIGHTERS 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the extraordinary leadership of the City of Bedford for being the first city in the United States to provide early cancer de-tection blood testing to its fire department. According to the International Association of Firefighters, cancer is now the leading cause of death among firefighters. During fire sup-pression and overhaul activities, firefighters may be exposed to smoke and other byprod-ucts of combustion, many of which contain known carcinogens. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimate that fire-fighters have a 14 percent higher rate of can-cer incidence as compared to the general pop-ulation. For departments across the country, these are more than just statistics; it is a reality that firefighters and their loved ones feel acutely. After experiencing firsthand the losses of both retired and active firefighters due to cancer, the City of Bedford took action. Earlier this year, the Bedford City Council—working with the Bedford Professional Firefighter’s Associa-tion and Fire Chief Sean Patrick Fay—voted to provide early cancer detection blood testing to the fire department. With this test, Bedford firefighters have an advanced tool to help de-tect the possible presence of cancer in its be-ginning stages, giving them the best chance to fight the disease. The firefighters of Bedford put themselves at tremendous risk day in and day out to ensure the safety of their community. I am profoundly encouraged by the implementation of the early cancer detection screening program and am certain that this is the first of many steps we can take to enhance protection for our fire-fighters. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 24th Congres-sional District of Texas, I ask all my distin-guished colleagues to join me in honoring the outstanding and proactive leadership of the City of Bedford and the brave men and women of the Bedford Fire Department. HONORING SIMEON BOOKER HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary life of Simeon Booker, who passed away on December 10 at the age of 99. Simeon Booker was a trailblazer for African Americans in journalism, becoming the first black reporter at The Washington Post before continuing his distinguished career as the Washington Bureau Chief of Jet and Ebony magazines. Simeon’s tireless dedication to uncovering the truth and seeking justice was pivotal to the civil rights movement. In 1955, Simeon trav-eled to Mississippi, and his story on the brutal murder of Emmett Till sent reverberations of shock, anger, and pain throughout the country. Later in the 1960s, Simeon’s time with the Freedom Riders drew attention to the great dangers faced by civil rights activists and shined light on their hope and courage for change. Throughout his life, Simeon fought hard to bring voice to narratives that might otherwise have been covered over and lost, and his words have galvanized change. I have always looked to Simeon as a role model and leader in fighting for freedom and equality. I am deeply honored to have consid-ered him a friend and to have learned from his compassion, bravery, and fierce love for oth-ers. I offer my sincerest condolences to the fam-ily and friends of Simeon Booker. 
f 
HONORING PETER M CINTOSH 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Rabun County’s Peter McIntosh, a northeast Georgia photographer who has dedicated years to producing scenic snapshots of our mountain home. Recently, the Georgia Council for the Arts selected three of McIntosh’s photographs to hang in the state Capitol as part of its ‘‘Art of Georgia Ill: Celebrating Home’’ exhibit. The three photographs—‘‘Chattahoochee Head-waters,’’ ‘‘Tallulah Watershed Sunrise,’’ and ‘‘Sunset—Blackrock Mountain State Park’’— were selected as part of the exhibit’s ‘‘North Georgia’’ category, which represents 76 of the state’s counties. This year will mark the third year that McIntosh’s work has been selected for this honor. Like his previous photographs, this year’s collection will take their place on the walls of the Gold Dome, magnifying our state’s natural beauty and cultural traditions. I stand with Governor Deal in congratulating Peter McIntosh on his work and look forward to seeing the next sights he captures. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE8.006 E07FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE153 February 7, 2018 
HONORING BRIGADIER GENERAL MICHELE K. L
AMONTAGNE 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowl-edge Michele K. LaMontagne, who currently serves as Chief of Staff for the New Mexico Air National Guard and was recently promoted to Brigadier General. Brig. Gen. LaMontagne began her military career as a student at the U.S. Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs. Right after graduation, she set in motion her interest in aircraft and munitions maintenance during an officer course at Chanute Air Force Base in Il-linois. When she was being commissioned, she had to select the job she would eventually like to do. After speaking with officers about the opportunities to lead as many people as possible, they recommended maintenance. Her assignments, over the last 24 years, have taken her to South Carolina, Republic of Korea, Nevada, Colorado and finally Kirtland Air Force Base in New Mexico. At each of these bases, she served primarily in mainte-nance operations, eventually becoming a Maintenance Squadron Commander and a Wing Inspector General for the New Mexico Air National Guard. In 2012, Brig. Gen. LaMontagne served as Director of Staff for the New Mexico Air Na-tional Guard, was promoted to Director of Support, Maintenance Group Commander and today serves as Chief of Staff. Her responsibil-ities include planning and executing employ-ees during contingency and domestic oper-ations in federal and state emergencies and developing positions and recommendations on issues, including mission requirements, place-ment of units and future missions. Throughout her career, Brig. Gen. LaMontagne has received many awards and decorations including a Meritorious Service Medal, an Air Force Commendation Medal, a National Defense Service Medal and a Global War on Terrorism Service Medal. Brig. Gen. LaMontagne also works as a business coach at Rio Grande, a Berkshire Hathaway Company, and specializes in project management, people development, human re-sources management, distribution operations, IT Strategy, and many other challenging areas. In both of her careers, she insists that the people that depend on her drive her to do her best. I would like to congratulate Brig. Gen. Michele K. LaMontagne, one of very few women who have been bestowed with the rank of Brigadier General, for her many years of service to our nation as a member of the Air Force and her continued commitment as a member of the New Mexico Air National Guard. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BETO O’ROURKE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent from the Chamber on Mon-day, February 5. Had I been present, I would have voted yea on Roll Call votes 51 and 52. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE PRO-TECTING INDEPENDENT CON-TRACTORS FROM DISCRIMINA-TION ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-duce the Protecting Independent Contractors from Discrimination Act to extend to inde-pendent contractors the same federal anti-discrimination protections enjoyed by employ-ees. My bill would extend the antidiscrimina-tion protections of the following statutes, which apply to employees, to independent contrac-tors: Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, Title I of the Americans with Disabilities Act, Section 505 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, and Title II of the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008. In a Bureau of Labor Statistics 2005 anal-ysis of the American workforce, approximately seven percent were considered independent contractors. That number has surely only grown in the 13 years since that analysis with the growth of the so-called ‘‘gig economy.’’ These workers, who often do the same work as employees, have almost none of the pro-tections guaranteed to employees, including health insurance, collective bargaining, retire-ment security and even antidiscrimination. My bill focuses only on the employment discrimi-nation, such as discrimination based on race, age and gender, from which every worker is entitled to be free. I strongly urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE APPOINTMENT OF REP. CARLOS TRUJILLO TO SERVE AS U.S. AMBASSADOR TO THE ORGANIZATION OF THE AMERICAN STATES 
HON. MATT GAETZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the appointment of my good friend, Florida State Representative Carlos Trujillo, to serve as the United States Ambassador to the Organization of the American States. In the Florida Legislature, Carlos serves as the Chair of the Appropriations Committee and Alternating Chair of the Joint Legislative Budg-et Committee where he executes his kind ap-proach and strong leadership. I had the privi-lege to serve alongside Carlos in the Florida Legislature, and witnessed firsthand how his straightforward approach earned him respect from both sides of the aisle. I was pleased to hear of his recent appoint-ment by President Trump as Ambassador to the Organization of the American States. I can assure you that he will do well in advancing the American principles of freedom and pros-perity on the global stage. His background in law and his natural talent for negotiating en-sure that for him, success is inevitable. Carlos is a family man, and his success is strongly supported by a strong, loving family consisting of his wife Carmen and his children Carlos Manuel, Isabella Alba, Juan Pablo, and Felipe Andres. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress, I am privileged to congratulate Flor-ida State Representative, and my friend, Car-los Trujillo on his appointment to serve as U.S. Ambassador to the Organization of the American States. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF EMILY ANNE STAPLES TUTTLE 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Emily Anne Staples Tuttle. Emily Anne passed away on January 13th at age 88. Born May 3, 1929, she is warmly re-membered by her three children, Missy, Kath-ryn, and Gregory, four stepsons and 16 grand-children and step-grandchildren as a beloved wife, mother and grandmother. Emily Anne’s family and many friends will gather on Feb-ruary 12th, to celebrate her remarkable life and legacy. Emily Anne was also a bold community leader who led by example. After a career in business, she became the first woman mem-ber of the Democratic Farmer Labor Party to be elected to the State Senate in 1976. As a legislator, she distinguished herself as a trail-blazer for gender equality and a champion for underserved communities. Following her legis-lative service, she was elected as a Hennepin County Commissioner, served as a candidate for Lt. Governor in 1990. Later she served as an advisor to Governor Jesse Ventura. Throughout her career in public service, she demonstrated a steadfast commitment to ex-cellence in all she did. Her dedication to serving others continued long after her government service, and is de-fined by her drive to promote women, edu-cation, health care and the arts. Among the many institutions and organizations she helped to found and sustain were the first Min-nesota Women’s Political Caucus, the first Women’s Institute for Social Change and the United Nations Association of Minnesota. She was active with numerous boards and organi-zations, including the University of Minnesota, the Guthrie Theater and Abbot Northwestern Hospital Foundation. It was a pleasure to know and work with Emily Anne. I valued our friendship and was always grateful for the many kindnesses she showed me and my fellow women elected offi-cials. She truly was one of a kind and will be deeply missed. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring the remarkable life of Emily Anne Staples Tuttle. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE8.012 E07FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE154 February 7, 2018 
IN HONOR OF THE REVEREND EARL WILLIAMS, JR. 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart and solemn remembrance that I rise today to pay tribute to a distin-guished athlete, educator, spiritual leader, and dear friend of longstanding, Reverend Earl Williams, Jr. A memorial service will be held in his honor on Thursday, February 7, 2018 at 11:00 a.m. at Disciples of Jesus Ministries lo-cated at 228 Augusta Avenue in Thomasville, Georgia. Earl was born in Thomasville, Georgia in 1931, to the late Billy and Flossie Adams-Wil-liams. A product of Thomas County School System, he graduated from Douglass High School in 1953 and went on to obtain a Bach-elor’s Degree in Social Science from Fort Val-ley State University (then College) and a Mas-ter’s Degree in Administration from Valdosta State University. In 1953, he played baseball in the Negro National League with Jacksonville Eagles be-fore signing a professional contract with the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1955, and playing in both the Mid-Western and Pennsylvania Leagues. After retiring from baseball, he became the as-sistant baseball coach at Fort Valley State University and a scout for the Baltimore Ori-oles. In addition to being an admired athlete, Earl was also an influential educator. In 1971, he served as a teacher and later as the assistant principal at Magnolia-Chappelle Middle School (then Magnolia Junior High School), before being promoted to the role of principal in 1972. After the closing of the campus in 1990, he transitioned to Central Middle School, where he served as the principal, until his re-tirement in 2000. A trailblazer offirsts, Earl was the first Afri-can-American President of G.A.E. (Georgia Association of Educators) of Thomas County, the first African-American City Commissioner of Thomasville in 1982 (re-elected in 1984), the first African-American Mayor of Thomas-ville in 1986 (re-elected in 1988) and the first African-American Chairman of the Salvation Army. In addition to those milestones, when he served our nation honorably in the United States Marine Corps (USMC) at Camp Lejeune, he continued to play baseball and became the first African-American to play on a USMC Base traveling team. He was also the Grand Inspector General of the S.P. Jones Masonic Lodge No. 118 and a longtime mem-ber of the Albany Alumni Chapter of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Inc. Furthermore, he received numerous awards including G.A.E. Administrator of the Year; Salvation Army Man of the Year; an Honorary Doctor of Law Degree from Faith College; NAACP; inductions into the Thomasville- Thomas County Sports Hall of Fame, the Fort Valley State University Alumni Hall of Fame; a Distinguished Service Award from Thomas-ville/Thomas County Chamber of Commerce and Outstanding Service Award which I had the pleasure of presenting to him. Earl accomplished much throughout his life, but none of this would have been possible without the love and support of his late wife, Faye, his five children, his nine grandchildren, and the countless others who impacted his life over the years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me, my wife Vivian, and the more than 730,000 residents of the Second Congres-sional District of Georgia in extending our grat-itude for the life and legacy of Reverend Earl Williams, Jr. and our sincere condolences to his family and friends during this difficult time. I pray that we may all be comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks and months ahead. He leaves behind a great legacy in service to his beloved family and to all those whose lives he touched through his kindness and generosity. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ARLETTE GOMEZ AND GISELLE TOVAR 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Arlette Gomez and Giselle Tovar, two students at Johnson High School in my home of Gainesville. Recently, these two young women put on an event for local foster children in order to encourage fos-ter children and families. As members of the Family, Career, and Community Leaders of America Club in their school, they wanted to take on a project that would allow them to help children in the Gainesville area. After researching the coun-ty’s foster care system, these two students de-cided to work on a project that would prioritize foster children. On January 20, Arlette and Giselle hosted ‘‘A Luau to Foster Joy’’ at Johnson High School, an event designed to cultivate friend-ships among the children in attendance . Addi-tionally, the event helped raise awareness of the county’s foster care system. In Hall County, there are currently 270 chil-dren in foster care with only 60 families willing to welcome them into their homes. By hosting this event, Arlette and Giselle hope to inspire more families to open their doors to children in need. Northeast Georgia is proud to have students like Arlette and Giselle, who aspire to make a difference in our corner of the world. I wish these two young women the best as they con-tinue their studies and work to highlight the local foster care system. 
f 
STRENGTHENING PROTECTIONS FOR SOCIAL SECURITY BENE-FICIARIES ACT OF 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 5, 2018 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I strongly commend Ranking Member L
AR-
SON and Chairman J OHNSON on their bipar-tisan bill to dramatically improve the Social Security Representative Payee program. We have a responsibility to ensure that this sys-tem is strong and fair to protect our vulnerable citizens. In addition to the multiple improve-ments in oversight and quality, I want to thank Representatives LARSON and J OHNSON for in- cluding provisions to improve the Rep Payee program for foster youth for which I advo-cated. Currently, when foster youth receive Social Security benefits because they are disabled or their parent is deceased, disabled, or retired, it is common practice for State child welfare agencies to take the children’s benefits for state revenue rather than preserving these funds for the youth’ s current or future needs. We have very poor understanding of who serves as representative payees for foster youth and whether they conserve the funds for these youth. This bill requires long-overdue data coordination between the Social Security Administration and state foster care programs. Requiring this data coordination is critical to ensuring that we know who is serving in the important fiduciary role for foster youth. Right now, we have no clear understanding of the number of foster youth with representative payees, whether those payees are state agen-cies or family members, and whether the funds are conserved for foster youth or used to plug holes in state budgets. Just last month, the Social Security Advisory Board recommended improving the Rep-resentative Payee Program related to foster youth. The Board pointed out that state foster care agencies routinely are assigned automati-cally as the payee without any analysis if there is a better choice available. The Board high-lighted that there can be an inherent conflict of interest in designating a state entity as payee given that the interests of foster care pro-grams may conflict with the interests of the foster youth. The data required by this bill will help Social Security better focus on payee de-termination for foster youth to ensure that the payee will act in the best interest of the child. Further, it will provide data to help us under-stand how often state agencies are serving in this capacity and how they are using these funds. To advance this understanding, the bill requires a GAO study on minor beneficiaries in foster care and their representative payees. In addition, this bill protects foster youth from overpayment errors made by the state. Under current law, if an overpayment occurs and the state foster care agency is the bene-ficiary, the foster youth is responsible for re-paying the overpayment. This bill includes a protection so that if a state agency is the rep-resentative payee and an overpayment is made, the state and not the foster youth is re-sponsible for the overpayment the state re-ceived. These improvements are critical to improv-ing the representative payee program for vul-nerable foster youth. I am grateful to Ranking Member L
ARSON and Chairman J OHNSON for working to strengthen the Representative Payee program to protect vulnerable citizens and for including these significant protections and transparency provisions to support foster youth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE8.017 E07FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE155 February 7, 2018 
TRIBUTE TO MARK ABERNATHY 
HON. KEVIN McCARTHY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in remembrance of Mark Abernathy, an incred-ible individual, close friend and trusted con-fidant, and to celebrate his life and service to our community in California’s Central Valley, the great state of California, and our country. Mark will be missed by so many that have been influenced by his political acumen, his unparalleled wit, and his spirit and passion for his neighbors and community. He passed away on January 27, 2018, and I know that our community joins me in mourning this loss. Mark was born and raised in the Land of Lincoln, appropriate given that the principles of Abraham Lincoln was a seminal influence that would eventually shape much of Mark’s patri-otism and worldview. From a young age, Mark learned the value of hard work and persever-ance while growing up on the family farm with his sister Jill, his brother Mike, and his cous-ins, growing corn and raising hogs. During that time, he developed an adoration for base-ball—and especially the St. Louis Cardinals— that would remain with him for the rest of his life. Mark attended Western Illinois University and paid his tuition fees by literally ‘‘singing for his supper’’ as a guitar player and singer for the ‘‘The Rising Sons,’’ a country western band that he was a member of all throughout college. He graduated with degrees in agri-culture and biology and felt a call to serve his country shortly after, joining the United States Air Force during the Vietnam War and serving as a Captain and electronic warfare officer from 1968 to 1972. The Air Force eventually brought Mark to California, where he first uncovered a natural talent for campaigning and an interest in local politics. While stationed at McClellan Air Force Base in Sacramento, he served as Chair of the Fairlake Young Republicans Club, where he met Cathy Swajian, who would become the love of his life and inseparable partner while raising two daughters and becoming a fixture in Republican politics. Bakersfield welcomed the Abernathys when they moved in 1981, and Mark became in-volved in state and local politics through when he founded his political consulting firm, West-ern Pacific Research, which would grow to in-fluence and create some of the most effective Young Republican groups and elect many elected officials on the local, state, and na-tional levels through grassroots political cam-paigns. Mark was the type of person who never gave up—whether that meant working all throughout the night to finalize and execute campaign messaging or strategy, or just walk-ing door to door to register voters and share his passion for community engagement. He adhered, and he made sure his campaigns adhered, to the values and principles en-shrined in our Constitution and our nation’s founding documents. Yet his great emphasis toward civic responsibility was only surpassed by his devotion to his faith and to his family, never missing a softball game or the oppor-tunity to take his beloved daughters, Margaret and Madeline, to a baseball game. He was a man of exceptional character and talent, and his unparalleled 97 percent candidate victory record serves as a simple testament to the success he had in mastering his craft. Perhaps most telling of Mark’s legacy are the many currently-serving elected officials whom he worked with and helped to shape, myself included. Many of my closest friends and colleagues in the Central Valley—as well as former Governor Schwarzenegger during the gubernatorial recall campaign—worked with and listened to Mark in order to win their campaigns and serve the community and country that has given so much to us all. Mark always stressed the importance of involving our youth in politics and bringing a sense of passion to all that one does. Mark’s political talent made him incredible, but his devotion to God and ability to inspire faith in others is what made him exceptional. He never gave up hope that goodness and God’s will would pre-vail with hard work and belief. The city of Bakersfield, Kern County and the State of California have lost a brilliant mind and an integral citizen of the community, and Judy and I have lost a treasured friend. His passing was a shock to those who knew him, and we will miss his advice, humor, tenacity and character for years to come. But he will be remembered as a leader who inspired gen-erations of Republicans to fight for their prin-ciples and beliefs and to remain bold in strengthening the ties among faith, family and community. On behalf of the House and the 23rd Congressional District of California, we remember the remarkable life of Mark Aber-nathy and extend our most heartfelt condo-lences to his wife, Cathy, and daughters, Mar-garet and Madeline. 
f 
HONORING EDWIN HAWKINS 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary life of Edwin Hawkins, who passed away on January 15th at the age of 74. An Oakland native, Edwin was a four-time Grammy winner and gospel music trailblazer, whose work inspired generations and helped shape the contemporary Gospel music indus-try. His crossover hit, ‘‘Oh Happy Day’’, was featured in the hit movie ‘‘Sister Act 2’’, reached No. 4 on the Billboard pop chart and No. 2 on the R&B pop chart. And in 2007, he was voted into the Christian Music Hall of Fame. Edwin was truly a man before his time. He was compassionate, caring, and never wavered from his faith. I have known Ed for many years and he was a source of inspiration for me personally. He always spoke words of encouragement and like so many others, I am deeply grateful for his love and kindness, which brought me peace and joy over the years. I offer my sincerest condolences to the fam-ily and friends of Edwin Hawkins. CONGRATULATING JIM WOODS ON RETIRING FROM HIS ROLE OF PLATTSBURGH HIGHWAY SUPER-INTENDENT HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Jim Woods on retiring from his role as Plattsburgh Highway Superintendent. For the past 30 years, Jim has been a dedi-cated member and leader of the Plattsburgh Highway Department. Jim joined the depart-ment on January 4, 1988, and served as the Deputy Highway Superintendent for four years before becoming the Highway Superintendent in 2011. As Superintendent, Jim oversaw the year-round maintenance of over 90 miles of road, working to ensure safe travel for North Country residents. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I would like to thank Jim for his three decades of hard work and dedication to his community, and wish him all the best in the years ahead. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER MA-RINE SERGEANT (SGT) DONNIE LEO FORD LEVENS 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of Marine Sergeant (Sgt) Donnie Leo Ford Levens who paid the ultimate sacrifice while defending our great na-tion on February 17, 2006, during Operation Enduring Freedom. Sgt Levens was killed when two CH–53E Sea Stallion helicopters crashed into the Gulf of Aden near Ras Siyyan, northern Djibouti, while on a training mission in the Godoria Range area. Sgt Levens of Long Beach, MS, was as-signed to the Marine Heavy Helicopter Squad-ron 464, Marine Air Group 29, 2nd Marine Air-craft Wing, II Marine Expeditionary Force, New River, N.C. He was deployed to Djibouti as part of the U.S.-led Combined Joint Task Force—Horn of Africa, a counterterrorism force. Sgt Levens was an Aircraft Ordnance Technician. Sgt Levens’s mother Margaret and brother Matt honored Sgt Levens by completing their studies at Mississippi Gulf Coast Community College in 2006. Margaret Levens said Donnie’s courage inspired her to go back to school and earn a degree. President George W. Bush delivered the commencement ad-dress at the graduation ceremony held in Bi-loxi. President Bush praised Sgt Levens for his service and sacrifice. Sgt Levens will be remembered for his cour-age and determination to keep America safe. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE8.020 E07FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE156 February 7, 2018 
REMEMBERING JOHN GADSDEN THORNHILL 
HON. MARK SANFORD 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, it’s been said that while every man must die, not every man gets to live. That choice that we all have in running to embrace life and all of its possibili-ties is tragically a choice that many people don’t make. This was never the case for John G. His life was marked by the way that he fully lived it. He didn’t just sip life, or feel it at its edges, he drank it with gusto. It’s for that infectious smile of his that he’ll be missed. It’s for his enthusiasm of people, places, and circumstance that he’ll be missed. It’s for the high notes his voice would hit as he became more and more enthused in con-versation, teasing, and even an occasional heckling that was well deserved. His love of the community showed in many ways. In a traditional sense, it was seen in his membership of things like the Mt. Pleasant Rotary Club where he won the Service Above Self Award in 1982–1983. His love of what makes our community special was marked by his membership in things like the South Caro-lina Waterfowl Association. His love of the hunt was evidenced by awards like the Award of Honor from Ducks Unlimited in 1979. The bottom line of both the traditional, and the anything-but-traditional, that marked John G was that he loved Charleston, the Lowcountry, and the people that make it spe-cial. At times that would mean him regaling us with side-splitting stories out at Halidon Hill, other times it meant he’d be charging through the woods and waters of the Lowcountry. He would intersperse these pleasures with his passion for bringing great food to others and what he created in Charleston Bay Gourmet. I remember getting a dinner from him over at the Mt. Pleasant Farmers Market, and watching him at work there at the food trailer fit with what Dr. Martin Luther King said years ago on passion in the work at hand. He cared, and it showed. John will be missed. I wish him the greatest of hunting in the great delta we will all one day see. He touched my life, just as he touched those of all who were lucky enough to spend time with him. So, accordingly, I ask that we observe a moment of silence in his honor. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GEORGE BROWN 
HON. DON YOUNG 
OF ALASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memorial to an Alaskan who dedi-cated his life to his business and making his customers feel as though they were in their own living room having a meal with friends. On January 13, 2018, Alaska lost one of its hardest working, most dedicated and adven-turous fathers, Mr. George Brown. George embodied the ‘‘Greatest Genera-tion’’ that came to Alaska in the years fol-lowing World War II. He valued hard work, personal relationships, and personal responsi-bility. He and his wife, Peggy founded the Lucky Wishbone diner in Anchorage, Alaska in 1955, the same year McDonalds was founded but in a much different environment, serving the best burgers, shakes and especially fried chicken you could find anywhere. Sorry Ken-tucky, the Colonel had nothing on Mr. Brown. George kept the very spirit of the Greatest Generation alive up until his passing by ensur-ing that generations of Alaskans had simple, handcrafted diner food that was unsurpassed by any other restaurant. He also pioneered the ‘‘smoking ban’’ in Anchorage by banning smoking in the restaurant in 1991. George and Peggy’s place was home to so many of us. His smile and his infectious spirit could light up a room and his sense of humor warmed the restaurant where he was a fixture for over 60 years. George was more than a restauranteur, he was my friend. As a frequent patron of the Lucky Wishbone, I can speak to his service to customers and how he always cared for his employees as though they were immediately family. He treated his staff like they were his daughters and sons which meant everyone made you feel at home when you visited the Lucky Wishbone. George, Peggy and the Lucky Wishbone will live in infamy in our hearts and souls. I hope that George’s sister Elaine, daughter Pat, son Corky, and his grandchildren can take comfort in the bond they have with George and the legacy of the Lucky Wishbone. I also hope the precious memories of George will bring them comfort, and that they will come to find, in the lovely words of Hugh Robert Orr: ‘‘They are not dead who live in lives they leave behind. In those whom they have blessed, they live a life again, and shall live through the years eternal life, and shall grow each day more beautiful, as time declares their good, forgets the rest, and proves their immortality.’’ Please join me in expressing heartfelt ap-preciation for George and sympathies for his Alaskan family. f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER SER-GEANT (SGT) ROBERT SHANE PUGH 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of Army Sergeant (SGT) Robert Shane Pugh who paid the ulti-mate sacrifice while defending our nation on March 2, 2005, during Operation Iraqi Free-dom III. SGT Pugh was a combat medic with the Mississippi Army National Guard’s 155th Brigade Combat Team. He was mortally wounded when an improvised explosive de-vice detonated near his vehicle in Iskandariyah, Iraq also wounding Sergeant First Class Ellis Martin. SGT Pugh post-humously received the Silver Star, the third- highest decoration for valor in combat, as well as the Bronze Star, Purple Heart, and Mis-sissippi Medal of Valor. SGT Pugh’s Silver Star citation states, ‘‘Al-though in extreme pain, Sergeant Pugh di-rected treatment instructions to the members of his platoon for both himself and Sergeant First Class Martin. He remained calm and con-tinued to give instructions until the medical evacuation helicopter arrived. Sergeant Pugh passed away on route to the hospital; however his courage and disregard for his own welfare resulted in saving the life of a fellow comrade who was severely wounded.’’ SGT Pugh was assigned to the 1st Bat-talion, 155th Infantry Regiment, Mississippi Army National Guard, headquartered in McComb, Mississippi. He enlisted in the Army in 1999 because he wanted to be a combat medic. In the civilian world, SGT Pugh was a licensed paramedic and worked as a phlebotomist for United Blood Services in Me-ridian. SGT Pugh’s mother, Wilma Allen, said her son was her pride and joy. ‘‘I am very proud of him. He was happy, outstanding, and out-going. He would do anything for anybody,’’ said his mother. In a fitting tribute to this brave and caring soldier, the National Guard Readiness Center in Morton has been named in his honor. SGT Pugh is survived by his parents, Glen and Wilma Pugh, his stepfather, Gary Allen, and his siblings Tiffany Johnson, April Pearson, Jennifer Reed, Brad Allen, and Dale Allen. f 
TRIBUTE TO DEPUTY U.S. MAR-SHAL RICHARD ‘‘KIRK’’ BOWDEN 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the late Memphis native Richard K. ‘‘Kirk’’ Bowden, a deputy U.S. marshal who protected some of the most important Civil Rights pioneers of the 1960s. Mr. Bowden was one of a small group who protected James Meredith when he travelled off campus after integrating the University of Mississippi in 1962. Bowden later guarded Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. during the 1963 March on Wash-ington at which he delivered his ‘‘I Have A Dream’’ speech. Mr. Bowden died January 20 at his home in Silver Spring, Maryland. He was 82. Mr. Bowden was a graduate of Douglass High School in Memphis and attended what is now LeMoyne-Owen College before joining the U.S. Air Force criminal investigations divi-sion from 1954 to 1958. He served as an offi-cer with the Washington, D.C., Police Depart-ment before joining the Marshals Service, from which he retired in 1987. He later returned on contract until 2017. I met Mr. Bowden several times through the years at Douglass alumni events and appre-ciated his professionalism and commitment to the Douglass Red Devils. I wish to pay my respects to Mr. Bowden and thank his family for his long and dedicated service to his community, his country and Douglass High. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE8.024 E07FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE157 February 7, 2018 
TRIBUTE TO JIM BALAMACI 
HON. DON YOUNG 
OF ALASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memorial to an Alaskan who dedi-cated his life to the athletes, families, and Special Olympics Alaska. On February 1, 2018, Alaska lost a one-of-a-kind person, Mr. Jim Balamaci. Many executive directors and presidents of non-profit organizations do a lot of good work. They encourage others to provide financial support to their cause, uplift the recipients of their work, and contribute greatly to their com-munities. Jim however, was much more than just another head of a non-profit organization who did good work for the cause. Jim lived, breathed, and was Special Olympics Alaska. His beloved organization was everything to him, and he fostered an infectious feeling in others to conduct themselves with the same faith, loyalty, and honest approach as he had. Mr. Speaker, I have a hard time knowing that Special Olympics and Alaska have lost this great man. Jim Balamaci ‘‘is’’ Special Olym-pics Alaska and it will never been the same without him. Jim absolutely loved his colleagues and those he served. His presence was a blessing. The best part is that they loved and respected him even more in return. Aside from talking to Jim on a regular basis about a wide variety of topics, I had the dis-tinct pleasure of golfing with him every year to benefit Special Olympics Alaska. For eight to ten hours (depending on how I played), I had the rare fortune of being able to admire Jim’s passion for ‘‘his’’ athletes. During that time, Jim allowed me to bask in his world where ev-erything was righteous, good, and just plain fun despite any challenges. It’s nice to hear about people’s memories and friendship with Jim. I’m proud to call Jim my dear friend too. As you know, it is ex-tremely difficult for a Member of Congress to call someone a true friend. Jim embodied the word. He comforted me when my dear wife Lu died, he gave me advice to help my grandson, and I could always count on him to be there for me and my family. Mr. Speaker, the sudden loss of Jim was like a hard punch by Mike Tyson to my gut. His loss hurts all of us. I take comfort in know-ing that the Lord called Jim home because he needed another great soul in heaven to help him counter everything that is bad. To all of the athletes, coaches, family mem-bers, sponsors, volunteers, staff, the Board of Directors of Special Olympics Alaska, and to Jim’s family—I share your grief and your loss today as we remember Jim. I do take comfort in Jim’s legacy, his friendship, and the privi-lege of knowing a truly great man for he has not left us behind but walks beside us now. Thank God for Jim. RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER MA-RINE PRIVATE FIRST CLASS (PFC) STEPHEN PHILLIP BALDWYN HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of Marine Private First Class (PFC) Stephen Phillip Baldwyn who paid the ultimate sacrifice while defending our great nation on May 9, 2005. PFC Baldwyn was killed in an explosion, while he was con-ducting combat operations in Nasser Wa Sa-laam, Iraq. He was assigned to the 3rd Bat-talion, 8th Marine Regiment, 2nd Marine Divi-sion, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, North Carolina. During his military service, he received the Purple Heart, Combat Action Ribbon, National Defense Service Medal, Iraq Campaign Medal, Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, Navy Sea Service Deployment, and Navy and Ma-rine Corps Overseas Service Ribbon. He was also awarded the Rifle Marksman badge. PFC Baldwyn was born on May 7, 1986, in Saltillo, MS. He earned his Eagle Scout badge before graduating from high school in 2004 and leaving for boot camp. He was 19 years old at the time of his death. PFC Baldwyn is survived by his parents, Danny and Stephanie Baldwyn. The sacrifice of this brave Marine will al-ways be remembered. 
f 
CRAIN’S CHICAGO BUSINESS 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, on Feb-ruary 6, 2018, Crain’s Chicago Business pub-lished an op-ed, ‘‘The looming crisis in health care’’ by Sara McElmurry, a nonresident fellow for immigration at Chicago Council on Global Affairs. The piece highlights the effect that cancellation of Temporary Protected Status (TPS) and failure to extend Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) would have on Midwesterners’ access to home care. I urge my colleagues to read this op-ed and consider the human consequences of anti-immigrant policies. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the following: 
[From Crain’s Chicago Business, Feb. 6, 2018] T
HELOOMING CRISIS IN HEALTH CARE (By Sara McElmurry) When the White House unveiled a hard-line plan last week to choke off immigration, it issued a threat to a crucial pipeline of Mid-western workers: home health care aides. In the crosshairs is a region that’s graying at a rapid clip yet stubbornly conflicted about immigrants—a region where foreign- born workers punch well above their weight. Immigrants are currently 24 percent of the nation’s home health aides. And while they make up 13 percent of the U.S. population, more immigrants are in their prime working age and have a higher rate of job participa-tion compared to their native-born peers, representing 17 percent of the overall work-force, according to a new report by the Chi-cago Council on Global Affairs. Examining the mushrooming demand in one industry—home health—illustrates the crisis to come. Analysts expect 1.1 million of these jobs to come online by 2026 as Amer-ica’s population of seniors rises to 71.5 mil-lion by 2030. Chicago, Columbus, Minneapolis and Cleveland are already four of the top five metropolitan areas with the highest employ-ment levels for the occupation. But in a re-gion that has lost nearly a quarter of its na-tive-born working-age population since 2000, where will the Midwest find new workers to meet the demand? Home health aides log long, physically de-manding hours taking care of people who cannot care for themselves and helping fami-lies who need extra hands to care for loved ones. They bathe and feed ailing clients, check vitals, monitor medications, and change bedpans and bedsheets. These jobs are certainly not glamorous and decidedly hard to fill, given the physically—and emo-tionally—challenging duties. While many home health aides complete on-the-job training and hold professional certificates, the positions often require only a high school degree and no previous work experience, making them an accessible entry point into the U.S. labor force for immi-grants and refugees. Yet these so-called ‘‘low-skilled’’ workers will prove difficult to replace if the pipeline of immigrants suddenly slows. Home health aides earn a mean $23,840 annually in Illi-nois. Improved pay and benefits should be top of employers’ to-do lists but may prove futile in attracting aging U.S.-born workers, particularly Midwesterners, who are closing in on retirement themselves. Yet the U.S. immigration system is in-creasingly hostile to the foreign-born talent needed to fill the gaps. The fast-approaching end to Deferred Action for Childhood Arriv-als on March 5, coupled with the Trump ad-ministration’s cancellation of many Tem-porary Protected Status programs, could hit health care hard. One in five DACA recipi-ents is employed in health care, and many TPS holders—especially among the 50,000 Haitians who received TPS after an earth-quake leveled the island in 2010—work in home health care. Moving forward, many would-be home health aides will not meet the lofty criteria of the points-based immigration systems being championed by the White House. And if the administration is successful in imple-menting its plans to curb family-based im-migration, end the ‘‘diversity’’ visa lottery and dismantle other elements of our immi-gration system as outlined in last week’s State of the Union address, the pool of for-eign-born health workers will be further compromised. In recent years, the Midwest has led the charge to bring more immigrant workers into health care. Local nonprofits like Chi-cago’s Institute del Progreso Latino have pi-oneered immigrant-friendly pipeline pro-grams that provide language skills and cer-tifications for in-demand health care ca-reers. Several Midwestern states, including Illinois, have made higher education more accessible for immigrants by offering in- state tuition rates at public institutions. Missouri and Minnesota have created li-censes and policies that help more qualified immigrants enter tough-to-fill health care jobs. These innovative local programs are ripe to be scaled nationally. But instead, the fed-eral government’s immigration crackdown threatens their success by pushing out cur-rent work-authorized immigrants and lim-iting the channels for new workers to enter the country to replace them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE8.028 E07FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE158 February 7, 2018 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER ARMY MASTER SERGEANT (MSG) COATER BERNARD D
EBOSE 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of fallen Mississippi soldier Army Master Sergeant (MSG) Coater Bernard DeBose. MSG DeBose gave his life while in service to our great nation on August 19, 2012, during Operation Enduring Freedom. MSG DeBose died in Spin Boldak, Afghani-stan, of wounds he received from small arms fire while conducting security force assistance operations. MSG DeBose was assigned to 2nd Battalion, 351st Infantry Regiment, 158th Infantry Brigade, First Army Division East, Camp Shelby, Mississippi. MSG DeBose was awarded the Bronze Star and the Purple Heart medals. According to the Associated Press, MSG DeBose, a State Line, Mississippi native, joined the Alabama National Guard in May 1983. He transferred to the Army Reserves in 2008. He was deployed in April 2004 to Af-ghanistan, where he served as a communica-tions specialist. It was his job to train Afghan police in the Kandahar region. There have been many memorials posted in MSG DeBose’s honor on Legacy.com, includ-ing one that appeared on September 1, 2012 from Master Sergeant (MSG) Maranda McCorvey. ‘‘As I sign this guest book, no words can explain the loss of a true soldier,’’ MSG McCorvey said. ‘‘He was a leader, men-tor, motivator, and trainer to many lives in and out of the uniform.’’ Rebecca Lewis of Moss Point wrote, ‘‘May God continue to watch over you and your fam-ily at this time,’’ Mrs. Lewis said. ‘‘Deacon DeBose will certainly be missed by all of us in-cluding his Greater First Baptist Church in Escatawpa, Mississippi, under the leadership of Richard Young. Deacon DeBose was a great man and touched many hearts.’’ Christopher DeBose, MSG DeBose’s son, wrote about the pain of losing his father in Au-gust 30, 2012. ‘‘I pray that there is a military up in heaven,’’ Christopher said. ‘‘I know Mas-ter Sergeant DeBose would be in charge of something. No matter what it is, I’m sure God will trust you with any task because he knows you will get it done.’’ Caronica DeBose-Jackson, MSG DeBose’s daughter, paid tribute to her father in a Sep-tember 6, 2012 post. ‘‘I hear your voice telling me to keep moving and live life to the fullest,’’ Caronica said. ‘‘I will go on because that’s what you would want. I will honor your life and legacy forever.’’ MSG DeBose is survived by his wife, Jua-nita, his three sons, Latravis DeBose, Chris-topher DeBose, and Broderick DeBose; and two daughters, Caronica DeBose-Jackson, and Nekeshia Raybon. MSG DeBose demonstrated the qualities of an American hero. His 27 years of military service will always be remembered. HONORING THE LIFE OF FALLEN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER ARMY FIRST SERGEANT (1SG) SEVERIN W. SUMMERS III HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of Army First Sergeant (1SG) Severin W. Summers who died while defending our great nation on August 2, 2009, during Operation Enduring Freedom. 1SG Summers died from injuries he suffered when insurgents attacked his vehicle with an impro-vised explosive device in Qole Gerdsar, Af-ghanistan. Capt. Ronald G. Luce Jr. and Sgt. 1st Class Alejandro Granado III were also killed. 1SG Summers was assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 20th Special Forces Group (Air-borne), headquartered in Jackson, Mississippi. 1SG Summers, a native of Bentonia, Mis-sissippi, graduated from Christian Life Acad-emy in 1984 and attended Louisiana State University. He enlisted in the Mississippi Na-tional Guard in 1989. 1SG Summers awards and decorations in-clude the Army Commendation Medal, the Army Achievement Medal, the Army Reserve Components Achievement Medal, the National Defense Service Medal, the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, the Noncommis-sioned Officers Professional Development Rib-bon, the Army Service Ribbon, the Overseas Service Ribbon, and the Armed Forces Medal. He also earned the Parachutist Badge, the Air Assault Badge, the Pathfinder Badge, the Scuba Diver Badge, the Military Free Fall Badge and the Ranger and Special Forces tabs. 1SG Summers is survived by his wife, Tammy; his three daughters, Jessica, Shelby and Sarah; and his parents, Severin and Charlene Summers. 1SG Summers will always be remembered for his courage and bravery. He sacrificed his life to protect to protect the freedoms we all enjoy. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER ARMY SPECIALIST (SPC) LARRY KENYATTA BROWN 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of Army Specialist (SPC) Larry Kenyatta Brown who paid the ulti-mate sacrifice while defending our nation April 5, 2003, during Operation Iraqi Freedom III. SPC Brown was mortally wounded during a combat mission to liberate the Iraqi city of Karbala. SPC Brown was assigned to C Com-pany, 1st Battalion, 414 Infantry Regiment, Fort Riley, Kansas. SPC Brown, a Jackson native, attended Bai-ley Magnet High School where he was a track and basketball athlete. His high school prin-cipal, Dorothy Terry, said SPC Brown was a serious young man who was kind. Terry said SPC Brown also had a great sense of humor. During the funeral held at Blacks Chapel Baptist Church, Brigadier General Frank Helmick described SPC Brown’s devotion to our nation. ‘‘Larry Brown displayed the inten-sive fortitude to fight and complete the mission even though it meant giving his life for our country.’’ Hundreds of people came to the funeral in-cluding twenty-nine soldiers from Fort Riley. Ten soldiers from Fort Polk, Louisiana carried Brown’s coffin. SPC Brown’s bravery and courage in serv-ice to our nation will always be remembered. f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER MA-RINE STAFF SERGEANT (SSGT) JASON AARON ROGERS 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of Marine Staff Ser-geant (SSgt) Jason Aaron Rogers who paid the ultimate sacrifice while defending our great nation on April 7, 2011. SSgt Rogers was killed in Northern Helmand Province, Afghani-stan when an improvised explosive device det-onated while he was clearing a path for wounded marines in a live mine field during combat operations. He was assigned to the 2nd Combat Engineer Battalion, 2nd Marine Division, II Marine Expeditionary Force out of Camp Lejeune, North Carolina. SSgt Rogers was born on April 9, 1982, in Jackson, MS. He graduated from Brandon High School in 2000. Shortly after September 11, 2001, SSgt Rogers joined the Marine Corps, where he served eight years. He was deployed on six overseas assignments, five of which were combat deployments in Iraq and Afghanistan. He was 28 years old at the time of his death. SSgt Rogers’ mother, Jenny Smith, recently said, ‘‘I’m extremely proud. He was proud to serve our country. He had a calling to offer his life for friends and family. He loved America. Every year, we hold the Annual Running for Jason 5K Run/Walk in Brandon to honor his service.’’ Mayor Tim Coulter of Brandon, Mississippi said, ‘‘We are saddened by the death of one of our hometown heroes, Jason Rogers, a brave man of character. He will be missed by our city and our hearts and prayers are with his family at this time.’’ Brandon Winfield, a childhood friend of SSgt Rogers said, ‘‘The loss of Jason Rogers is going to make this world an emptier and lonelier and colder place. I could write a War and Peace sized story of the kind of person he was. Some people have it; the room just seemed to be dizzier and brighter with him in it.’’ SSgt Rogers is survived by wife Angela Rita Marie Rogers. He is also survived by his par-ents, Jennifer and William Smith, and Liz and Tracy Aaron Rogers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE8.031 E07FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE159 February 7, 2018 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER MA-RINE FIRST LIEUTENANT (1STLT) WILLIAM JAMES DONNELLY, IV 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of fallen Mississippi Marine First Lieutenant (1stLt) William James Donnelly, IV who gave his life while in service to our nation on November 25, 2010, during Operation Enduring Freedom. 1stLt Donnelly was killed while conducting combat operations in Helmand Province, Afghanistan. This was 1stLt Donnelly’s first combat deployment. 1stLt Donnelly was assigned to 3rd Battalion, 5th Marine Regiment, 1st Marine Division, 1st Ma-rine Expeditionary Force, Camp Pendleton, California. According to the Associated Press, 1stLt Donnelly, of Picayune, Mississippi, always wanted to join the U.S. Marine Corps. He en-listed in the United States Marine Corps Re-serve in June 2003 and served as an Assault Amphibious Vehicle (SSV) crewmember in the 4th Assault Amphibian Battalion, 4th Marine Division, Gulfport, Mississippi. He transferred to the U.S. Navy Reserve as a Midshipman to attend the officer training program at the United States Merchant Marine Academy in King’s Point, New York where he served as a Midshipman Regimental Commander. 1stLt Donnelly was commissioned as a 2ndLt in the United States Marine Corps after graduating in June 2008 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Marine Engineering. After TBS, he was des-ignated an infantry officer in October 2009 and served as a rifle platoon commander assigned to the 3rd Battalion, 5th Marines, 1st Marine Division, 1st Marine Expeditionary Force, Kilo Company, 2nd Platoon, Camp Pendleton, California. 1stLt Donnelly married his wife, Lin-sey, on September 11, 2010. He deployed to Helmand Province, Afghanistan 15 days later. 1stLt Donnelly’s family learned of his death on Thanksgiving Day 2010. Melissa Donnelly- Weed, 1stLt Donnelly’s sister, posted on her Facebook page that day. ‘‘Always be thankful for family,’’ Melissa said. ‘‘I will always be thankful and grateful I had a wonderful broth-er. He gave his life today for his country doing what he loved—being a Marine. I will miss him forever. I love you, Will!’’ William J. Donnelly, III, 1stLt Donnelly’s father, said his son would not have any regrets even though the loss is extremely hard to bear. ‘‘Will was doing what he loved to do and what he always wanted to do,’’ Mr. Donnelly said. ‘‘I am sure if we could talk to him now, he would say he had no re-grets.’’ In a release issued by Camp Pendleton, of-ficials said that they had lost a member of their own family . ‘‘The Marines and sailors of the 1st Marine Division mourn the loss of 1stLt Donnelly,’’ the release read. ‘‘Our heartfelt condolences go out to his family.’’ After learning of 1stLt Donnelly’s death, Pic-ayune Mayor Ed Pinero said it is always hard to lose a hero and on behalf of the city, they extended their heartfelt condolences to the family. ‘‘1stLt Donnelly’s sacrifice and that of all the men and women who fall in combat protecting our country’s freedom should never be forgotten,’’ Mayor Pinero said. Additionally, Mayor Pinero announced that 1stLt Donnelly’s name would be inscribed on a monument in front of the old city hall in Picayune to ensure the town’s war heroes are never forgotten. A funeral service was held Tuesday, De-cember 14th at the United States Naval Acad-emy Chapel in Annapolis, Maryland. Intern-ment was held at Arlington National Cemetery in Arlington, Virginia. Friends of 1stLt Donnelly held a memorial service in Picayune at the same hour of the service at Arlington. 1stLt Donnelly is survived by his parents, William Donnelly, III and Vicki Donnelly; his two sisters, Lieutenant Junior Grade (LTJG) Melissa Donnelly-Weed and Rebecca Don-nelly; his wife, Linsey Becker-Donnelly; and his nephew Christian Weed. 1stLt Donnelly was awarded the Purple Heart, the National Defense Service Medal, the Korean Defense Service Medal, the Af-ghanistan Campaign Medal, and the Combat Action Ribbon. 1stLt Donnelly’s service and sacrifice to de-fend America will always be remembered. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, February 8, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
FEBRUARY 12 5 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To receive a closed briefing on the Coun-tering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act. SVC–217 FEBRUARY 13 10 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold closed hearings to examine the United States Special Operations Com-mand in review of the Defense Author-ization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program. SVC–217 Committee on the Budget To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2019. SD–608 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine improving animal health, focusing on reauthoriza-tion of Food and Drug Administration Animal Drug User Fees. SD–430 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Cybersecurity To hold hearings to examine the Depart-ment of Defense’s role in protecting democratic elections. SR–222 FEBRUARY 14 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Joseph Simons, of Virginia, Christine S. Wilson, of Virginia, Noah Joshua Phillips, of Maryland, and Rohit Chopra, of New York, each to be a Federal Trade Commissioner. SR–253 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Business meeting to consider H.R. 2825, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, S. 2221, to repeal the multi-State plan pro-gram, S. 2296, to increase access to agency guidance documents, S. 2113, to amend title 41, United States Code, to improve the manner in which Federal contracts for design and construction services are awarded, to prohibit the use of reverse auctions for design and construction services procurements, S. 2349, to direct the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to establish an interagency working group to study Federal efforts to collect data on sex-ual violence and to make recommenda-tions on the harmonization of such ef-forts, S. 2178, to require the Council of Inspectors General on Integrity and Ef-ficiency to make open recommenda-tions of Inspectors General publicly available, S. 2014, to require greater transparency for Federal regulatory decisions that impact small businesses, H.R. 2229, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide permanent au-thority for judicial review of certain Merit Systems Protection Board deci-sions relating to whistleblowers, S. 931, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4910 Brighton Boulevard in Denver, Colo-rado, as the ‘‘George Sakato Post Of-fice’’, S. 2040, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 621 Kansas Avenue in Atch-ison, Kansas, as the ‘‘Amelia Earhart Post Office Building’’, H.R. 294, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2700 Cullen Boulevard in Pearland, Texas, as the ‘‘Endy Nddiobong Ekpanya Post Office Building’’, H.R. 452, to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 324 West Saint Louis Street in Pacific, Missouri, as the ‘‘Specialist Jeffrey L. White, Jr. Post Office’’, H.R. 1207, to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 306 River Street in Tilden, Texas, as the ‘‘Tilden Veterans Post Office’’, H.R. 1208, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9155 Schaefer Road, Converse, Texas, as the ‘‘Converse Vet-erans Post Office Building’’, H.R. 1858, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4514 Williamson Trail in Liberty, Pennsyl-vania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Ryan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE8.035 E07FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE160 February 7, 2018 
Scott Ostrom Post Office’’, H.R. 1988, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1730 18th Street in Bakersfield, California, as the ‘‘Merle Haggard Post Office Building’’, H.R. 2254, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2635 Napa Street in Vallejo, California, as the ‘‘Janet Capello Post Office Building’’, H.R. 2302, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 259 Nassau Street, Suite 2 in Princeton, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. John F. Nash, Jr. Post Office’’, H.R. 2464, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 25 New Chardon Street Lobby in Boston, Massachu-setts, as the ‘‘John Fitzgerald Kennedy Post Office’’, H.R. 2672, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 520 Carter Street in Fairview, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sgt. Douglas J. Riney Post Office’’, H.R. 2815, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 30 East Som-erset Street in Raritan, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Gunnery Sergeant John Basilone Post Office’’, H.R. 2873, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 207 Glenside Avenue in Wyncote, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Peter Taub Post Office Building’’, H.R. 3109, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1114 North 2nd Street in Chillicothe, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sr. Chief Ryan Owens Post Office Building’’, H.R. 3369, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 225 North Main Street in Spring Lake, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Howard B. Pate, Jr. Post Of-fice’’, H.R. 3638, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 1100 Kings Road in Jackson-ville, Florida, as the ‘‘Rutledge Pear-son Post Office Building’’, H.R. 3655, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1300 Main Street in Belmar, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. Walter S. McAfee Post Office Building’’, H.R. 3821, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 430 Main Street in Clermont, Georgia, as the ‘‘Zach T. Addington Post Office’’, H.R. 3893, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 100 Mathe Avenue in Interlachen, Florida, as the ‘‘Robert H. Jenkins, Jr. Post Of-fice’’, H.R. 4042, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 1415 West Oak Street, in Kis-simmee, Florida, as the ‘‘Borinqueneers Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4285, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 123 Bridgeton Pike in Mullica Hill, New Jersey, as the ‘‘James C. ‘Billy’ Johnson Post Office Building’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘GAO Finan-cial Audit Mandates Revision Act of 2018’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Bridge Contract Transparency and Account-ability Act of 2018’’, and the nomina-tions of Jeff Tien Han Pon, of Virginia, to be Director, and Michael Rigas, of Massachusetts, to be Deputy Director, both of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine pending nominations. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2019. SD–215 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-ment Support To hold hearings to examine the current readiness of United States forces. SR–222 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of John F. Ring, of the District of Columbia, to be a Member of the Na-tional Labor Relations Board. SD–430 Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine Native Americans and the 2020 Census. SD–628 3 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Personnel To hold hearings to examine military and civilian personnel programs and military family readiness. SR–232A Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on National Parks To hold hearings to examine S. 400, to es-tablish the Susquehanna National Her-itage Area in the State of Pennsyl-vania, S. 966, to establish a program to accurately document vehicles that were significant in the history of the United States, S. 1160, to include Liv-ingston County, the city of Jonesboro in Union County, and the city of Free-port in Stephenson County, Illinois, to the Lincoln National Heritage Area, S. 1260 and H.R. 2615, bills to authorize the exchange of certain land located in Gulf Islands National Seashore, Jack-son County, Mississippi, between the National Park Service and the Vet-erans of Foreign Wars, S. 1335, to estab-lish the Ste. Genevieve National His-toric Site in the State of Missouri, S. 1446 and H.R. 1135, bills to reauthorize the Historically Black Colleges and Universities Historic Preservation pro-gram, S. 1472, to reauthorize the Ten-nessee Civil War Heritage Area, S. 1573, to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-rior and the Secretary of Agriculture to place signage on Federal land along the trail known as the ‘‘American Dis-covery Trail’’, S. 1602, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study to assess the suitability and fea-sibility of designating certain land as the Finger Lakes National Heritage Area, S. 1645, to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to conduct a spe-cial resource study of P.S. 103 in West Baltimore, Maryland, S. 1646, to au-thorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of President Station in Baltimore, Mary-land, S. 1692, to authorize the National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation to establish a commemora-tive work in the District of Columbia and its environs, S. 1956 and H.R. 2897, bills to authorize the Mayor of the Dis-trict of Columbia and the Director of the National Park Service to enter into cooperative management agreements for the operation, maintenance, and management of units of the National Park System in the District of Colum-bia, S. 2102, to clarify the boundary of Acadia National Park, S. 2213 and H.R. 4300, bills to authorize Pacific Historic Parks to establish a commemorative display to honor members of the United States Armed Forces who served in the Pacific Theater of World War II, S. 2225, to reauthorize the Blue Ridge National Heritage Area, S. 2238, to amend the Ohio & Erie Canal Na-tional Heritage Canalway Act of 1996 to repeal the funding limitation, H.R. 1397, to authorize, direct, facilitate, and expedite the transfer of adminis-trative jurisdiction of certain Federal land, and H.R. 1500, to redesignate the small triangular property located in Washington, DC, and designated by the National Park Service as reservation 302 as ‘‘Robert Emmet Park’’. SD–366 3:30 p.m. Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of David Christian Tryon, of Ohio, to be Chief Counsel for Advocacy, and Hannibal Ware, of the Virgin Is-lands, to be Inspector General, both of the Small Business Administration. SR–428A FEBRUARY 15 9:30 a.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry To hold hearings to examine the state of the Commodity Futures Trading Com-mission, focusing on pending rules, cryptocurrency regulation, and cross- border agreements. SR–328A FEBRUARY 28 2:30 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2019 for the Department of State and redesign plans. SD–419 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M07FE8.000 E07FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D129 Wednesday, February 7, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S667–S792 Measures Introduced: Fifteen bills and five resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2387–2401, and S. Res. 395–399.
                                                 Pages S703–04 
Measures Reported: S. 1621, to require the Federal Communications Commission to establish a methodology for the col-lection by the Commission of information about commercial mobile service and commercial mobile data service. (S. Rept. No. 115–206)
                Page S703 
Measures Passed: National Trafficking and Modern Slavery Pre-vention Month: Committee on the Judiciary was dis-charged from further consideration of S. Res. 385, supporting the observation of ‘‘National Trafficking and Modern Slavery Prevention Month’’ during the period beginning on January 1, 2018, and ending on February 1, 2018, to raise awareness of, and opposi-tion to, human trafficking and modern slavery, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                      Page S697 
National School Counseling Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 397, designating the week of February 5 through 9, 2018, as ‘‘National School Counseling Week’’.
                                                                      Pages S697–98 
National Girls & Women in Sports Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 398, supporting the observation of ‘‘National Girls & Women in Sports Day’’ on Feb-ruary 7, 2018, to raise awareness of and celebrate the achievements of girls and women in sports. 
                                                                                      Pages S697–98 
Congratulating the Philadelphia Eagles: Senate agreed to S. Res. 399, congratulating the Philadel-phia Eagles on their triumph in Super Bowl LII. 
                                                                                      Pages S697–98 
House Messages: Department of Defense Appropriations Act— Agreement: Senate continued consideration of the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 695, to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a voluntary na-tional criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain individ-uals who, related to their employment, have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabil-ities, taking action of the following motions and amendments proposed thereto: Pending: McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill.                                                            Pages S667–97, S698–99 
McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on the Appro-priations, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 1922, to change the enactment date.
      Page S667 
McConnell Amendment No. 1923 (to (the in-structions) Amendment No. 1922), of a perfecting nature.
                                                                               Page S667 
McConnell Amendment No. 1924 (to Amend-ment No. 1923), of a perfecting nature.
         Page S667 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the House Mes-sage to accompany the bill at approximately 10:30 a.m., on Thursday, February 8, 2018, with the time until the vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill equally divided between the two Leaders, or their designees.
                                                                         Page S792 
Honoring Hometown Heroes Act—Cloture: Sen-ate began consideration of the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 1892, to amend title 4, United States Code, to pro-vide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty, taking action of the following motions and amendments proposed thereto: Pending: McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with Amendment No. 1930, in the nature of a substitute.
                                                                    Page S699 
McConnell Amendment No. 1931 (to Amend-ment No. 1930), to change the enactment date. 
                                                                                              Page S700 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07FE8.REC D07FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD130 February 7, 2018 
McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on the Appro-priations, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 1932, to change the enactment date.
      Page S700 
McConnell Amendment No. 1933 (to (the in-structions) Amendment No. 1932), of a perfecting nature.
                                                                               Page S700 
McConnell Amendment No. 1934 (to Amend-ment No. 1933), of a perfecting nature.
         Page S700 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with Amendment No. 1930, in the nature of a sub-stitute, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Friday, February 9, 2018.
                                                                                  Page S699 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to consid-eration of the House Message to accompany the bill. 
                                                                                              Page S699 
Appointments: National Council on Disability: The Chair an-nounced, on behalf of the Democratic Leader, pursu-ant to the provisions of Public Law 93–112, as amended by Public Law 112–166, and further amended by Public Law 113–128, the appointment of the following to serve as a member of the Na-tional Council on Disability: Andres J. Gallegos of Illinois vice Bob Brown.
                                          Page S792 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: Barbara Stewart, of Illinois, to be Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation for National and Commu-nity Service. Brett Giroir, of Texas, to be Medical Director in the Regular Corps of the Public Health Service, sub-ject to the qualifications therefor as provided by law and regulations, and to be an Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services.
                    Pages S697, S792 
Messages from the House:                                   Page S702 
Measures Referred:                                                   Page S702 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:                 Page S703 
Petitions and Memorials:                                      Page S703 
Executive Reports of Committees:                 Page S703 
Additional Cosponsors:                                  Pages S704–05 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                      Pages S705–09 
Amendments Submitted:                             Pages S709–91 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                      Pages S791–92 Adjournment: Senate convened at 11:30 a.m. and adjourned at 11:44 p.m., until 10:30 a.m. on Thurs-day, February 8, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S792.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
COUNTERING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-ing Threats and Capabilities concluded a hearing to examine defending the homeland, focusing on De-partment of Defense’s role in countering weapons of mass destruction, after receiving testimony from Kenneth P. Rapuano, Assistant Secretary for Home-land Defense and Global Security, and Lieutenant General Joseph L. Osterman, USMC, Deputy Com-mander, United States Special Operations Command, both of the Department of Defense. ARMY MODERNIZATION Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Airland concluded a hearing to examine Army moderniza-tion, after receiving testimony from Lieutenant Gen-eral Joseph Anderson, USA, Deputy Chief of Staff, G–3/5/7, Lieutenant General John M. Murray, USA, Deputy Chief of Staff, G–8, Lieutenant General Paul A. Ostrowski, USA, Principal Military Deputy to the Assistant Secretary of the Army (Acquisition, Lo-gistics and Technology), and Director of the Army Acquisition Corps, and Major General Robert M. Dyess Jr., USA, Acting Director, Army Capabilities Integration Center, all of the Department of Defense. PUBLIC LANDS LEGISLATION Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Sub-committee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining concluded a hearing to examine S. 414 and H.R. 1107, bills to promote conservation, improve public land management, and provide for sensible develop-ment in Pershing County, Nevada, S. 441, to des-ignate the Organ Mountains and other public land as components of the National Wilderness Preserva-tion System in the State of New Mexico, S. 507, to sustain economic development and recreational use of National Forest System land in the State of Montana, to add certain land to the National Wilderness Pres-ervation System, to designate new areas for recre-ation, S. 612 and H.R. 1547, bills to provide for the unencumbering of title to non-Federal land owned by the city of Tucson, Arizona, for purposes of eco-nomic development by conveyance of the Federal re-versionary interest to the City, S. 1046, to facilitate certain pinyon-juniper related projects in Lincoln 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07FE8.REC D07FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D131 February 7, 2018 
County, Nevada, to modify the boundaries of certain wilderness areas in the State of Nevada, and to fully implement the White Pine County Conservation, Recreation, and Development Act, S. 1219 and H.R. 3392, bills to provide for stability of title to certain land in the State of Louisiana, S. 1222, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land to La Paz County, Arizona, S. 1481, to make tech-nical corrections to the Alaska Native Claims Settle-ment Act, S. 1665 and H.R. 2582, bills to authorize the State of Utah to select certain lands that are available for disposal under the Pony Express Re-source Management Plan to be used for the support and benefit of State institutions, S. 2062, to require the Secretary of Agriculture to convey at market value certain National Forest System land in the State of Arizona, S. 2206, to release certain wilder-ness study areas in the State of Montana, S. 2218, to provide for the conveyance of a Forest Service site in Dolores County, Colorado, to be used for a fire station, S. 2249, to permanently reauthorize the Rio Puerco Management Committee and the Rio Puerco Watershed Management Program, H.R. 995, to di-rect the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of the Interior to modernize terms in certain regula-tions, and H.R. 1404, to provide for the conveyance of certain land inholdings owned by the United States to the Tucson Unified School District and to the Pascua Yaqui Tribe of Arizona, after receiving testimony from Senators Heller, Tester, and Udall; Glenn Casamassa, Associate Deputy Chief, National Forest System, Forest Service, Department of Agri-culture; and Brian Steed, Deputy Director for Policy and Programs, Bureau of Land Management, Depart-ment of the Interior. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee ordered favorably reported the nomination of Andrew Wheeler, of Virginia, to be Deputy Admin-istrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. IMPACT OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS ON FARMING AND RANCHING Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine the impact of Federal environmental regulations and policies on American farming and ranching communities, after receiving testimony from Michael T. Scuse, Delaware Secretary of Agriculture, Dover; Zippy Duvall, American Farm Bureau Federation, and Donn Teske, National Farmers Union, both of Washington, D.C.; Niels Hansen, PH Livestock, Rawlins, Wyoming, on behalf of the National Cattlemen’s Beef Association and the Public Lands Council; and Howard Hill, National Pork Producers Council, Cambridge, Iowa. Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee ordered fa-vorably reported the following business items: S. 2286, to amend the Peace Corps Act to provide greater protection and services for Peace Corps vol-unteers, with an amendment; S. 2060, to promote democracy and human rights in Burma, with amendments; H.R. 1625, to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to include severe forms of trafficking in persons within the definition of transnational organized crime for purposes of the re-wards program of the Department of State, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. Res. 92, expressing concern over the disappear-ance of David Sneddon; H.R. 535, to encourage visits between the United States and Taiwan at all levels; and The nominations of Peter Hendrick Vrooman, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Rwanda, and Eric M. Ueland, of Oregon, to be an Under Secretary (Management), both of the Depart-ment of State. TURKEY Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee received a closed briefing on Turkey from A. Wess Mitchell, Assistant Secretary of State, Bureau of European and Eurasian Affairs; Robert Karem, Assistant Secretary of Defense, International Security Affairs; and Mi-chael Lieberman, Senior Policy Advisor, Department of the Treasury. REAUTHORIZING THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine re-authorizing the Department of Homeland Security, focusing on positioning DHS to address new and emerging threats to the Homeland, including H.R. 2825, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make certain improvements in the laws adminis-tered by the Secretary of Homeland Security, and H.R. 3359, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-ture Security Agency of the Department of Home-land Security, after receiving testimony from Elaine Duke, Deputy Secretary, Claire M. Grady, Under Secretary for Management, Christopher C. Krebs, Senior Official Performing the Duties of the Under Secretary for the National Protection and Programs Directorate, and John V. Kelly, Acting Inspector General, all of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity; and George A. Scott, Managing Director, Homeland Security and Justice, and Chris Currie, Director, Emergency Management and National Pre-paredness Issues, both of the Government Account-ability Office. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07FE8.REC D07FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD132 February 7, 2018 
RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS THERAPIES Special Committee on Aging: Committee concluded a hearing to examine cost and competition among rheumatoid arthritis therapies, after receiving testi-mony from William F. Harvey, Tufts Medical Cen-ter, Boston, Massachusetts; Jack Hoadley, George-town University McCourt School of Public Policy Health Policy Institute, and Terry G. Mahn, Fish and Richardson P.C., both of Washington, D.C.; and Patricia Bernard, Falmouth, Maine. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 20 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4957–4976; and 6 resolutions, H. Res. 728–733, were introduced.
                  Pages H973–74 
Additional Cosponsors:                                 Pages H975–76 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by a recorded vote of 210 ayes to 185 noes with three answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 63. 
                                                                                Pages H905, H967 
Mortgage Choice Act: The House considered H.R. 1153, to amend the Truth in Lending Act to im-prove upon the definitions provided for points and fees in connection with a mortgage transaction. Fur-ther proceedings were postponed.
               Pages H906–65 
H. Res. 725, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 772), (H.R. 1153), and (H.R. 4771) was agreed to yesterday, February 6th. Recess: The House recessed at 6:22 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:35 p.m.
                                                     Page H965 
Motion to Fix Next Convening Time: Agreed by voice vote to the Mitchell motion that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow, February 8th for Morning Hour debate. 
                                                                                              Page H965 
Suspensions—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures. Consideration began Monday, February 5th. War Crimes Rewards Expansion Act: H.R. 3851, amended, to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to provide for rewards for the arrest or conviction of certain foreign nation-als who have committed genocide or war crimes, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 407 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 61;
                                           Pages H965–66 
Ukraine Cybersecurity Cooperation Act: H.R. 1997, amended, to encourage United States-Ukraine cybersecurity cooperation and require a report re-garding such cooperation, by a 2⁄3recorded vote of 404 ayes to 3 noes, Roll No. 62;
                Pages H966–67 
Western Area Power Administration Trans-parency Act: H.R. 2371, to require the Adminis-trator of the Western Area Power Administration to establish a pilot project to provide increased trans-parency for customers; and
                                     Page H967 
Gateway Arch National Park Designation Act: S. 1438, to redesignate the Jefferson National Ex-pansion Memorial in the State of Missouri as the ‘‘Gateway Arch National Park’’.
                          Page H968 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote and two recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H965–66, H966–67, and H967. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 8:17 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
SENIOR LEADER MISCONDUCT: PREVENTION AND ACCOUNTABILITY Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Mili-tary Personnel held a hearing entitled ‘‘Senior Leader Misconduct: Prevention and Accountability’’. Testi-mony was heard from Glenn A. Fine, Principal Dep-uty Inspector General, Department of Defense; Lieu-tenant General Stayce D. Harris, Inspector General of the Air Force; General James C. McConville, Vice Chief of Staff of the Army; Admiral Bill Moran, Vice Chief of Naval Operations; Brigadier General David A. Ottignon, Inspector General of the Marine Corps; Lieutenant General David E. Quantock, In-spector General of the Army; Vice Admiral Herman Shelanski, Naval Inspector General; General Glenn M. Walters, Assistant Commandant of the Marine Corps; and General Stephen W. Wilson, Vice Chief of Staff of the Air Force. ENSURING SOCIAL SECURITY SERVES AMERICA’S VETERANS Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on So-cial Security held a hearing entitled ‘‘Ensuring Social 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07FE8.REC D07FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D133 February 7, 2018 
Security Serves America’s Veterans’’. Testimony was heard from Gina Clemons, Associate Commissioner, Office of Disability Policy, Social Security Adminis-tration. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Paul C. Ney, Jr., of Tennessee, to be General Counsel, Kevin Fahey, of Massachusetts, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Thomas E. Ayres, of Pennsyl-vania, to be General Counsel of the Department of the Air Force, all of the Department of Defense, and Lisa Gordon-Hagerty, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary for Nuclear Security, Department of Energy, 10:30 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: busi- ness meeting to consider subcommittee assignments for the Second Session of the 115th Congress, and the nomi-nations of Jelena McWilliams, of Ohio, to be Chairperson of the Board of Directors, and to be a Member of the Board of Directors, Federal Deposit Insurance Corpora-tion, Marvin Goodfriend, of Pennsylvania, to be a Mem-ber of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Sys-tem, and Thomas E. Workman, of New York, to be a Member of the Financial Stability Oversight Council, 11 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold an oversight hearing to examine the evolution of energy in-frastructure in the United States and how lessons learned from the past can inform future opportunities, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine the opioid crisis, focusing on the impact on children and families, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider S. 1917, to reform sentencing laws and correctional insti-tutions, and the nominations of Kurt D. Engelhardt, of Louisiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, Michael B. Brennan, of Wisconsin, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, Barry W. Ashe, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana, Howard C. Nielson, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the District of Utah, James R. Sweeney II, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Indiana, Susan Paradise Bax-ter, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Pennsylvania, Daniel Desmond Domenico, to be United States District Judge for the District of Colo-rado, Marilyn Jean Horan, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Pennsylvania, Adam I. Klein, of the District of Columbia, to be Chairman and Member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, and John C. Anderson, to be United States Attor-ney for the District of New Mexico, Brandon J. Fremin, to be United States Attorney for the Middle District of Louisiana, Joseph P. Kelly, to be United States Attorney for the District of Nebraska, Scott W. Murray, to be United States Attorney for the District of New Hamp-shire, David C. Weiss, to be United States Attorney for the District of Delaware, David G. Jolley, to be United States Marshal for the Eastern District of Tennessee, and Thomas M. Griffin, Jr., to be United States Marshal for the District of South Carolina, all of the Department of Justice, 10:30 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing regarding certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07FE8.REC D07FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD134 February 7, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10:30 a.m., Thursday, February 8 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the House Message to accompany H.R. 695, De-fense Appropriations Act, with a vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to concur in the House Message expected at approximately 11:30 a.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Thursday, February 8 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga, E154 Brownley, Julia, Calif., E149 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E156 Collins, Doug, Ga., E151, E152, E154 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E154 Fudge, Marcia L., Ohio, E151 Gaetz, Matt, Fla., E153 Gottheimer, Josh, N.J., E149 Grijalva, Rau´l M., Ariz., E151 Issa, Darrell E., Calif., E149 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E150 Kelly, Trent, Miss., E155, E156, E157, E158, E158, E158, E158, E159 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E152, E155 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E153 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E152 Mast, Brian J., Fla., E150 McCarthy, Kevin, Calif., E155 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E152, E153 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E153 O’Rourke, Beto, Tex., E153 Sanford, Mark, S.C., E156 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E157 Schneider, Bradley Scott, Ill., E150 Sherman, Brad, Calif., E151 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E155 Walz, Timothy J., Minn., E152 Young, Don, Alaska, E156, E157 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Feb 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D07FE8.REC D07FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST