Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5941 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, AUGUST 27, 2018 No. 143 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Tuesday, August 28, 2018, at noon. 
Senate 
MONDAY , AUGUST 27, 2018 
The Senate met at 4 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable J
ONI E
RNST , a Senator from the State of Iowa. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal Lord God, You have been our dwelling place throughout all genera-tions, providing us with every good and splendid gift. Today, we thank You for the gift of Senator J
OHN SIDNEY MCCAIN. We are grateful for his sacrificial willingness to take the road less traveled, to rise above partisanship, to provide a profile in courage, and to give his life in serv-ice to You and country. Lord, we praise You for his awareness that humanity is wrapped in a blanket of mutuality, so we should not ask for whom the bell tolls. Comfort his beloved Cindy and all his loved ones. Bring solace to the mul-titudes who mourn his death. May his consequential, patriotic, and heroic legacy challenge us all to leave the world better than we found it. We pray in Your sovereign Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Honorable J
ONIERNST led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, August 27, 2018. To the Senate: 
Under the provisions of rule I, para-graph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable J
ONIERNST , a Senator from the State of Iowa, to perform the duties of the Chair. 
ORRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mrs. ERNST thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
REMEMBERING JOHN M CCAIN Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, on Saturday evening, a great loss echoed throughout our country. Six decades of patriotic service came to an end. We have suspected for some time that we would bid farewell to our col-league, the senior Senator from Ari-zona, J
OHNMCCAIN. JOHNtook full ad-vantage of the months since his diag-nosis. His hard work continued, but happy reminiscing, fond farewells, final reflections, and time with family actu-ally came to the fore. I was privileged to spend a small share of that time with JOHN. We sat on his back porch in Sedona under the desert sky, replaying old times. J
OHN did things his way these last months. For his colleagues here, the time con-firmed a sad but obvious truth: The Senate won’t be the same without J
OHN M
CCAIN. I think it is fair to say that the passion J
OHNbrought to his work was unsurpassed in this body. In more than 30 years as a Senator, he never failed to marshal a razor-sharp wit, a big heart, and, of course, a fiery spirit. When J
OHN saw an issue the same way you did, you knew you had just found your most stalwart ally. You would thank your lucky stars because when you found yourself on the other side of that table, as I think all of us learned, you were in for a different kind of unforgettable experience. Ei-ther way, serving alongside J
OHN was never a dull affair. I found myself on both sides of that table over the years. J
OHNand I stood shoulder to shoulder on some of the most important issues to each of us, and we also disagreed en-tirely on huge subjects that helped de-fine each of our careers. J
OHNtreated every day, every issue, with the intensity and seriousness that the legislative process deserves. He would fight like mad to bring the coun-try closer to his vision of the common good. But when the day’s disputes were over, that very same man was one of our most powerful reminders that so much more unites us than divides us; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Aug 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27AU6.000 S27AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5942 August 27, 2018 
that we should be able to differ com-pletely on policy and stay united in love of our country. J
OHNhimself once put it: 
We have nothing to fear from each other. We are arguing over the means to better se-cure our freedom, and support the general welfare. But it should remain an argument among friends who share an unshaken belief in our great cause, and in the goodness of each other. 
JOHNand I sure had those fights, and we sure had that friendship. I am just glad we never found ourselves in oppo-site dugouts. You see, J
OHNand I spent years as neighbors in the Russell Build-ing. Often, when softball season rolled around, our offices would take the field together as one united McTeam, we called it. As a seriously wounded war hero and a childhood polio survivor, I would have to say J
OHNand I didn’t exactly have the makings of an elite double- play duo. I took the mound once or twice, but I admit, we mostly offered moral support. Moral support. Really, that is what J
OHN MCCAINgave this body and this country for so long. His memory will continue to give it be-cause while J
OHN proudly served with us as the Senator from Arizona, he was America’s hero all along. Just this month, Congress finalized a major bill for our All-Volunteer Armed Forces that we named after J
OHN. This might seem like a small detail, but, really, it was a fitting capstone for a career so thoroughly defined by service in and then service for the ranks of those who wear our Nation’s uniform. Generations of McCains have served with distinction in our great Navy. As J
OHNdescribed his Scottish heritage in one memoir, ‘‘The McCains [were] bred to fight.’’ And fight they have. One by one, McCains have entered the acad-emy’s gates in Annapolis. One by one, they marched past a centuries-old bat-tle flag bearing the phrase ‘‘Don’t Give Up the Ship.’’ While honorable service was in his DNA, J
OHN’s story was never simple. At Annapolis, as he would come to ex-plain with some relish, his major distinctives were mostly the weakness of his grades and the length of his dis-ciplinary record. The first miracle in J
OHN’s military career was the fact that he somehow made it through school. But he prevailed, and bigger tests soon came. He stared death in the face aboard the USS Forrestal and again when he was shot down and dragged, battered and broken, into the hands of our Nation’s enemies. Five and a half hellish years in captivity. Merciless beatings for the uniform he had worn and the values he would not renounce. That stubborn, rebellious streak went from a stumbling block to a saving grace. Stubborn virtue sustained J
OHN. He declined early release in solidarity with his brothers. He never gave up the ship. We all know this story. But while J
OHNdidn’t shy from sharing his expe-riences, he insisted he was no hero and no saint. He measured his life in sim-pler terms. When asked after this diag-nosis last year how he would like to be remembered, here is what he said: ‘‘He served his country, and not always right—made a lot of mistakes, made a lot of errors—but served his country, and I hope we can add, honorably.’’ He will certainly get that wish. For many, the service and sacrifice that JOHN rendered overseas would have been more than enough—more than a lifetime already—but somehow J
OHN MCCAINwas convinced that he still owed his country more. In 1983, he arrived in Congress. J
OHNknew exactly what it meant to swear to ‘‘support and defend the Constitution of the United States.’’ When he was sworn in here in the Senate 4 years later, he was no stranger to pledging to protect the Constitution from ‘‘enemies, foreign and domestic.’’ The following years brought legisla-tive accomplishments, to be sure. While J
OHN’s constituents were lucky to have him as their Senator from Ari-zona, J
OHN also remembered that our titles say ‘‘United States Senator.’’ He worked across the aisle on the Select Committee on POW/MIA Affairs, whose work helped heal the wounds of war and normalize relations with Vietnam. He led congressional delegations and overseas travel that were famously as grueling as they were educational. J
OHNwas seemingly immune to jet lag, and he was never more excited than when he had an opportunity to share American values abroad. And, of course, he was singularly de-voted to the men and women of our Armed Forces. From countless visits with deployed units in Iraq and Af-ghanistan to his committee meetings right here in this body, J
OHNhonored their sacrifices in a way that only he could. He never forgot that notwith-standing the grandeur of our military might and technological prowess, our armed services are made up of people— of our constituents, of volunteers, of the brave. J
OHN’s favorite novel was Ernest Hemingway’s ‘‘For Whom the Bell Tolls.’’ I suspect we will hear it quoted quite a bit in the days ahead. The lead character is an American ex-pat named Robert Jordan who risks everything in the Spanish Civil War. He is a little bit brash, maybe a little hotheaded. In fact, he is a dynamite specialist whose specialty literally is blowing things up, and he goes down fighting, right down to the book’s final pages. I am sure some of us can imagine why J
OHN might identify with this guy. I recently rediscovered something J
OHNwrote a few years ago about this book. He noted that his favorite lit-erary hero wasn’t some contrived cari-cature of a hero from central casting. The book is full of complexities. The character has to face all of the messi-ness of life and war. His idealism is challenged. But he realizes that the im-perfections of this world don’t mean the concept of sacrifice is outdated. They don’t make love of cause or coun-try into something quaint or naive. They only make patriotism, service, and hope that much more noble and necessary. It takes one kind of heroism to un-dergo unimaginable pain and suffering as a POW but then persist in loyalty. It takes another kind of heroism to sus-tain that passion for decades more, to withstand the slings and arrows of poli-tics, the compromises, the disappoint-ments, the defeats, and yet still con-sider it a joy and an honor to serve. Few have either kind of heroism. JOHN M
CCAINhad both. Fortunately, all that intensity came paired with a world-class sense of humor. As we all know, J
OHN really hated to lose. The line he used after his Presidential campaigns still makes me laugh. Some would ask how he was cop-ing with defeat. J
OHNwould say: 
Actually, I’m sleeping like a baby. You know—I sleep for two hours, wake up, and cry. 
Seriously, it is hard to describe this larger-than-life figure without lapsing into what sound like cliches. We have all heard our whole lives about the importance of patriotism and self-sacrifice, but we cannot take that culture of commitment for granted be-cause just like our Nation’s security and our American liberty, the very no-tion that some causes really are great-er than ourselves only survives because servicemembers and statesmen like J
OHNMCCAINwill fight and even die to defend it. The bond between J
OHNand his coun-try was so deep, but, of course, other bonds ran deeper still. While J
OHN’s colleagues grieve our own loss, we also send our love and support to those who know him even better—those who call this man their husband, their son, their father, and their grandfather. We stand with J
OHN’s loving wife Cindy. We stand with Doug, Andy, Sidney, Meghan, Jack, Jimmy, and Bridget. We stand with his mother Roberta and with all of J
OHN’s devoted friends and loyal staff. Thank you for lending him to us longer than we had a right. Thank you for supporting him while he supported us. J
OHNMCCAINhas fought his last bat-tles and cast his final votes, but the Nation he loved is still not done with him yet. This week will be dedicated to remembering him. On Friday, he will lie in state in the Capitol like other American heroes before him. As the days turn to weeks, I know we are all eager to come together and collaborate on ways we can continue to honor his memory. Generation after generation of Amer-icans will hear about the cocky pilot who barely scraped through Annapolis but then defended our Nation in the skies, witness to our highest values even through terrible torture, captured the country’s imagination through the national campaigns that spotlighted many of our highest values, and be-came so integral to the U.S. Senate, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Aug 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27AU6.002 S27AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5943 August 27, 2018 
where our Nation airs and advances its great debates. America will miss her devoted son, her stalwart champion, her elder statesman. We will miss one of the very finest gentlemen with whom I have had the honor to serve, but we will not forget him. I consider it our privilege to return some small share of the love J
OHNpoured out for this coun-try. It is our honor as Americans to say to the late, great J
OHNSIDNEY MCCAIN III what we pray he has already heard from his Creator: ‘‘Well done, good and faithful servant.’’ Well done. You fought the good fight. You finished the race. You kept the faith. You never gave up the ship. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
REMEMBERING JOHN M CCAIN Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, on Saturday, August 25, 2018, 9 years to the day since the death of his friend Senator Kennedy, our friend and col-league Senator J
OHNS. M CCAINpassed away. Knowing his prognosis prepared us for the inevitable, but it has not softened the blow. We all feel a great and inexpressible loss. I know I do. I also feel lucky that I was able to call this great man a friend. Today, I wish to share a few reflec-tions, unorganized and incomplete though they may be. I suspect I will have more to say about Senator M
CCAINwith the benefit of a few days’ time. Senator M
CCAIN and I didn’t get along very well at first. He was close to my mentor in the Senate, Ted Ken-nedy, but not so with me. I never served with Senator M
CCAINon any committee, where we get to know other Senators up close. Before our friendship, my closest brush with him was over a comment he made during a debate on defense policy when he said that Long Island was ‘‘re-grettably part of the United States.’’ I blasted J
OHN’s pejorative, which, of course, prompted him to reply from the Senate floor: 
I’m sorry there’s at least one of my col-leagues that can’t take a joke. I apologize if I offended him and hope that someday he will have a sense of humor. 
Like many, I was a victim of Senator M
CCAIN’s acerbic wit. Things began to defrost when we worked together during the Gang of 14 to avoid a change in the Senate rules during the Bush administration, and a real tight and lasting friendship emerged from our collaboration on im-migration reform. We worked in close quarters for near-ly a year—hour after hour, day after day, week after week—fine-tuning the only piece of major immigration re-form to pass this Chamber in decades. We visited the southern border to-gether to assess the gaps in our secu-rity up close. We were doing what the Senate was supposed to do—grappling with the biggest challenges, working in a bipartisan way to find solutions, overcoming obstacles that have so long bedeviled immigration reform and con-tinue to stymie progress today. We couldn’t have done it without JOHN M
CCAIN. In recent days, many have reflected on his Presidential campaigns and his military service, and rightly so. He was also a natural legislator, able to seek common ground and having a sense of where to go. He knew when to give a little, and he knew when not to. He had deep principles, but he also knew how to craft a product that could actually pass, and the bill did, in the Senate, with large numbers of supporters from both parties. Had we passed immigra-tion reform then, had the House done what the Senate did under John’s lead-ership, we wouldn’t be quarreling about immigration now, and our country would be a better, stronger, and more unified place. We became so close over that year that J
OHNMCCAINstarted treating my staff like they were his own, and me the same. We spoke so frequently that I knew J
OHNMCCAIN’s cell number by heart, and I mistakenly repeated it during an interview when a reporter asked me how close we were. They had to edit it out to protect J
OHN’s privacy. I can truly say that the times we spent authorizing and passing immi-gration reform were some of the proud-est days in politics for me and the rest of the Gang of 8, in no small part be-cause the success was shared with one great legislative leader, J
OHNMCCAIN. He was so many things to so many peo-ple, a fierce friend to those who were lucky enough to have earned his friend-ship—you had to earn his friendship— and a real thorn in the side of those who earned his scorn. Many know that. He was an unofficial ambassador for the United States, a comfort to our al-lies, and an unabashed champion for Western values. He was unafraid to take on Presidents. He was unafraid to take on his own party. He was equally parts funny and furious, foulmouthed and statesmanlike. He could put the ‘‘temper’’ in temperament. He was a brave and honest man. He was a pa-triot. He was all those things through-out his life, usually more than one at once, until his very last days. Remarking on the character of Amer-ica, Senator M
CCAINsaid we live in a ‘‘big, boisterous, brawling, intem-perate, restless, striving, daring, brave, good and magnificent country.’’ Truer words could not be said about the man himself—big, boisterous, brawling, in-temperate, restless, striving, daring, brave, good, and magnificent. As you go through life, you meet a few truly great people. J
OHN MCCAIN was one of them. His dedication to his country and to the men and women who serve and protect it was unsur-passed. Even in his last weeks, he was calling me every few days to make sure our Defense authorization bill was done and done right—not for him, not for his glory but because he cared about men and women who serve in our Armed Forces so deeply. His life is a story of American heroism personified, but maybe, most of all, he was a truth tell-er. Perhaps it is a reflection of our poli-tics that a man can be so well regarded for simply telling the truth as he saw it, or, maybe, recognizing the demands and failings of our politics, it is more of a reflection on the man that four decades of public life could not warp or dim his fidelity to the unvarnished truth. I will miss him dearly. In the past year of his illness, during moments of doubt about the direction of our coun-try, I found myself thinking about what JOHNMCCAINwould do or what he would say if he were here. Truth be told, there is nothing I could say that could possibly add or de-tract from Senator M
CCAIN’s illus-trious career. There is nothing any of us have done that compares to the sac-rifice he made in a cellblock half a world away and half a lifetime ago—a sacrifice he made over and over for the country he loved and the principles he advanced. So that generations will study his ex-ample, I have proposed we rename the Russell Senate Office Building, one of only three Senate office buildings, after J
OHN MCCAIN. It would be a fit-ting tribute to a man who considered his service in the Senate— headquartered in the Russell Building, where his beloved Armed Services Committee also resides—the most sig-nificant in his distinguished career. The man whose name he would replace, Senator Richard Russell, a towering figure in the Senate of his day, was nonetheless an avowed opponent of civil rights and the architect of the Southern filibuster that long delayed its passage. It is time that we recognize that as times change, so do our heroes. I will be introducing a resolution with Sen-ator F
LAKE to change the name of the Russell Building to the McCain Build-ing. I hope my colleagues will cospon-sor and support the resolution. It need not be the only way we honor Senator M
CCAIN. We can honor him by trying to carry out the principles he lived by. We can try, as he did, to put country be-fore party. We can try, as he always did, to speak truth to power. We can try, as he summoned us to try, to re-store the Senate to its rightful place in our national political life. Up until the very end, J
OHNMCCAIN still believed the Senate was capable of solving our country’s greatest chal-lenges. He believed that our arcane rules and procedures, designed to frus-trate one-party rule, were an antidote to the organization of our politics. At the very least, he believed in the Sen-ate’s ability to make progress, to set 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Aug 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27AU6.003 S27AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5944 August 27, 2018 
aside, for a moment, our party affili-ations, political interests, and personal ambitions in the service of a larger cause, because that is what he did. For all his cynicism, he still believed the Senate could reach that higher calling. Deep in the middle of his final speech on the Senate floor were these words: ‘‘I hope we can again rely on humility, on our need to cooperate, on our de-pendence on each other, learn how to trust each other again, and by doing so, better serve the people who elected us.’’ If we are to truly honor the life and the service of J
OHNMCCAIN, let us do that. Let us do that. J
OHN MCCAIN put out a few final words. Today I think some of his staff-ers put them out. I would like to read just two paragraphs of that and then ask unanimous consent that they be put in the R
ECORD : 
I have often observed that I am the luckiest person on earth. I feel that way even now as I prepare for the end of my life. I have loved my life, all of it. I have had ex-periences, adventures and friendships enough for ten satisfying lives, and I am so thankful. Like most people, I have regrets. But I would not trade a day of my life, in good times or bad times, for the best of anyone else’s. 
Finally, he concluded with this: 
Do not despair of our present difficulties but believe always in the promise and great-ness of America, because nothing is inevi-table here. Americans never quit. We never surrender. We never hide from history. We make history. Farewell, fellow Americans. God bless you, and God bless America. 
There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
My fellow Americans, whom I have grate-fully served for sixty years, and especially my fellow Arizonans, Thank you for the privilege of serving you and for the rewarding life that service in uni-form and in public office has allowed me to lead. I have tried to serve our country honor-ably. I have made mistakes, but I hope my love for America will be weighed favorably against them. I have often observed that I am the luckiest person on earth. I feel that way even now as I prepare for the end of my life. I have loved my life, all of it. I have had ex-periences, adventures and friendships enough for ten satisfying lives, and I am so thankful. Like most people, I have regrets. But I would not trade a day of my life, in good or bad times, for the best day of anyone else’s. I owe that satisfaction to the love of my family. No man ever had a more loving wife or children he was prouder of than I am of mine. And I owe it to America. To be connected to America’s causes—lib-erty, equal justice, respect for the dignity of all people—brings happiness more sublime than life’s fleeting pleasures. Our identities and sense of worth are not circumscribed but enlarged by serving good causes bigger than ourselves. ‘Fellow Americans’—that association has meant more to me than any other. I lived and died a proud American. We are citizens of the world’s greatest republic, a nation of ideals, not blood and soil. We are blessed and are a blessing to humanity when we uphold and advance those ideals at home and in the world. We have helped liberate more people from tyranny and poverty than ever before in history. We have acquired great wealth and power in the process. We weaken our greatness when we confuse our patriotism with tribal rivalries that have sown resentment and hatred and vio-lence in all the corners of the globe. We weaken it when we hide behind walls, rather than tear them down, when we doubt the power of our ideals, rather than trust them to be the great force for change they have al-ways been. We are three-hundred-and-twenty-five mil-lion opinionated, vociferous individuals. We argue and compete and sometimes even vilify each other in our raucous public de-bates. But we have always had so much more in common with each other than in disagree-ment. If only we remember that and give each other the benefit of the presumption that we all love our country we will get through these challenging times. We will come through them stronger than before. We always do. Ten years ago, I had the privilege to con-cede defeat in the election for president. I want to end my farewell to you with the heartfelt faith in Americans that I felt so powerfully that evening. I feel it powerfully still. Do not despair of our present difficulties but believe always in the promise and great-ness of America, because nothing is inevi-table here. Americans never quit. We never surrender. We never hide from history. We make history. Farewell, fellow Americans. God bless you, and God bless America. Mr. SCHUMER. I yield the floor. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leader-ship time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will proceed to executive ses-sion to resume consideration of the fol-lowing nomination, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Lynn A. John-son, of Colorado, to be Assistant Sec-retary for Family Support, Department of Health and Human Services. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as if in morning business. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
REMEMBERING JOHN MCCAIN  
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, the U.S. Senate, indeed, our entire Nation, is mourning the loss of a great leader, an American patriot, our colleague and friend, Senator J
OHNMCCAIN. I first met JOHNMCCAINwhen I was a young staffer in Senator Bill Cohen’s office and J
OHN was serving as the Navy’s liaison officer. As a fellow Sen-ator for the past 21 years, I knew him as a trusted colleague, a courageous legislator, and a close friend. J
OHNwas a true American hero who devoted his life to serving his country. Courage and character were the hall-marks of his military service as well as his work in Congress. In the Senate, he was a consequential leader on the most critical issues facing our country. J
OHN M
CCAINwas one of our Congress’s most respected voices for a strong national defense and for good government. His word was as much his bond in Wash-ington as it was to his brothers in arms in Vietnam. I would like to share with my col-leagues a story, I believe, that dem-onstrates the essential character of J
OHNMCCAIN. In November of 2010, J
OHNwas part of a congressional delegation on its way to a security conference in Nova Sco-tia. Bad weather caused their flight to be diverted to Bangor, ME, where I live. I shortly received a phone call to come to the airport, and I went and welcomed J
OHN and my colleagues on their unplanned visit. As it happened, the Troop Greeters of Maine were at the airport at the same time. This legendary group of citizens has greeted more than 1.5 million serv-icemembers either leaving to go over-seas or returning home since 2003; never missing a single flight, even in bad weather or the middle of the night. The Presiding Officer, I believe—who also has served her country so well, Senator E
RNST —was one of those who was greeted by the Troop Greeters in Bangor, ME. Rather than fly out when the weath-er cleared, J
OHNand the others in the delegation agreed to stay and join me with the long line of these patriotic Troop Greeters to await the arrival of the airplanes. I remember when I told J
OHN that there was a plane that would be arriv-ing shortly and then there was another one in a couple of hours, he said: Of course, we will stay. Well, you can imagine, having gone through the gauntlet of Mainers greet-ing and welcoming the troops back home, hugging them, cheering them, giving them cell phones, thanking them for their service, that all of a sudden the troops realized they had just shaken hands with J
OHN MCCAIN; the legendary J
OHN MCCAIN, who was so popular with servicemembers. I saw them literally do a double take when the first group went by, shook his hand, and then turned around and said to each other: Wasn’t that J
OHN M
CCAINwho just shook our hands? They then came back and of course posed for pictures and chatted with him and held up the rest of the line, who were very eager to see J
OHN. I will never forget how thrilled these troops were to be greeted, when they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:41 Aug 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27AU6.004 S27AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5945 August 27, 2018 
were first setting foot back on Amer-ican soil, by a true American hero, J
OHNMCCAIN; someone who had served our country with such courage and character. By the end of the day, J
OHNhad spent 3 hours greeting two planeloads of sol-diers. He loved greeting them and pos-ing for pictures. It was such a heart-warming, unexpected event and a very special moment. It not only gladdened the hearts of the troops but also of the Troop Greeters, who were thrilled to have their hero with them. It was vintage J
OHNMCCAINthat he stayed even after the weather had cleared and greeted each and every one of those troops. J
OHN MCCAINdid what he thought was right, regardless of the political consequences. He had absolutely no in-terest in scoring partisan political points on the Senate floor. He wel-comed and would listen to good ideas, whether they came from the Demo-cratic or the Republican side of the aisle. While he was always open to new evidence, good ideas, and was capable of changing his mind, he was unshakeable when he was convinced of the appropriateness of a course of ac-tion. J
OHN was impatient. He wanted to get on with solving the problems facing our country. He had no use for the po-litical games that, sadly, far too often are played in the Senate. One often overlooked aspect of J
OHN was his love for the environment. I once visited him at his beloved ranch in Sedona, and I was surprised when he took me all over the property, pointing out birds, naming them, and clearly taking such delight in the wildlife. Until that moment, I did not know of his interest and love for nature. Later on, I accompanied J
OHN on a trip he organized to the Arctic to see the permafrost melting and to meet with Native Alaskans. We also traveled to Antarctica, where we spent 4 days meeting with scientists who told us of the impact of global warming. He took me on so many trips and broadened my horizons. Four times we went to Afghanistan, four times to Iraq. We went to Yemen. We went to Libya and met with Colonel Qadhafi before he was overthrown and killed. J
OHN taught me so much on these trips. The principles that guided J
OHN’s life are best summed up by his own words from his beautiful autobiography, ‘‘Faith of My Fathers.’’ He said: ‘‘Glory belongs to the act of being constant to something greater than yourself, to a cause, to your principles, to the people on whom you rely, and who rely on you in return.’’ J
OHNMCCAINwas a statesman and a dear friend who was devoted to a cause greater than himself, and that cause was the United States of America. It has been an honor to serve along-side him for nearly 21 years in the U.S. Senate. Although he will be deeply missed by all of us, he leaves behind an extraordinary legacy that will inspire Americans for generations to come. I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Georgia. Mr. ISAKSON. Madam President, yesterday was a difficult day for me. Before I get to that day, let me rec-ognize the Senator from Oklahoma for a motion. Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, I thank the Senator from Georgia. I ask unanimous consent that at the conclusion of the remarks of the distin-guished Senator from Georgia that I be recognized for such time as I shall con-sider. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. REMEMBERING JOHN MCCAIN  
Mr. ISAKSON. Yesterday was a dif-ficult day for me. I am 74 years old. I was born in 1944. Like many Ameri-cans, my youth was during the Viet-nam era. The prime of my youth was the Vietnam era. In fact, my senior year in college, I got a graduation diploma and a draft notice on the same day. They were put in the same book. Everybody was going. Everybody was being called up for the draft. There was a lottery, but so many people were eligible that al-most everybody in my age group would have been drafted if they didn’t join the service. I joined. I joined the National Guard, which I am very proud of, and I am still a guardsman to this day. It also gave me the chance to serve my coun-try in a way that would not put me at as much risk to go to Vietnam as it would if I were drafted. I consciously did that because I wanted to do every-thing I could to stay here and get mar-ried a few months later to my wife Dianne. I was of the age to be drafted, and I made the decision to find a way to serve that would not put me in a po-sition of being drafted, where I lost control. I was able to do it, and a lot of people were, but a lot of people weren’t. I know that. The ones who could know it, and the ones who couldn’t know it. The Presiding Officer knows what I am talking about, being a guardswoman herself. I lost my best friend in Vietnam, Jackson Elliott Cox III, Waynesboro GA, Liberty County—Bird Dog Capital of the World. Jack and I graduated from college to-gether. Jack went off for a weekend and came back and told us all he had joined the Marine Corps, was going to OCS, and was going to go to Vietnam and fight the bad guys. We all said: Jack, don’t volunteer to do that. You could get killed. He said: No, I want to do it. It is a great country. I have had a great life, going to the University of Georgia, have a wonderful mom and dad, good friends like you all. I want to go to OCS and be an officer in the Marine Corps—and he did. A few years later, he was shot by a sniper in the 11th month of a 13-month stint in Vietnam. Alex Crumbley, the superior court judge in Georgia years later; Pierre Howard, the Democratic Lieutenant Governor of Georgia; and myself—we were the three best friends, the ‘‘Four Amigos,’’ if you will. We went to 589 Liberty Street in Waynes-boro and spent 3 nights and 4 days with Emily and Jack, Jack’s dad and mom. When the Marine Corps brought the body back, it was lying in state in their dining room, and we had a wake and a service for him. We stood guard. We cried. We talked about the good times. We talked about the bad times. We felt sorry for ourselves because the life that had meant so much to all of us was gone. Jack felt a calling for the country, and he did a great service for the coun-try. I am proud of him, and I am proud to have been his friend. I tried to do what I could but never in the category of a J
OHNMCCAINor a Jack Cox. There were a lot people my age who didn’t do as much as they probably could have or might have done, and probably from time to time have second thoughts about it, too, be-cause the Vietnam war was so tough. I had friends coming back who had to dress in blue jeans and khakis when they got off the troop train from wher-ever they were in Atlanta because peo-ple would get accosted on the street if they were in their uniform during that era. Today, we go to the airport, and if we have troops coming through who are going to fly back for duty some-where, they will get standing ovations, and people will give up their seats to let them sit there. It wasn’t like that in the 1960s and 1970s. It wasn’t like that at all. In fact, people were risking their lives—58,000 did give their lives for all of us—and in many cases, we were making fun of them as a nation. It was terrible. It messed up our politics, messed up our country, messed up our people, and messed up everybody else. But America is a great country. What I am telling you is tragic to me, and I apologize to everybody that I didn’t do everything I should have done, but I think all of us owe each other a com-mitment to say that we are never going to let America get that way again. Americans should always be as we were on 9/11 or 9/12 of 2001, when we all put American flags on our cars, we all sang the national anthem, and we said the Pledge of Allegiance after we were attacked. For a few months, we were the most patriotic Nation in the world. We ought to be that way every single day because every single day, just like those firemen and emergency medical people of 9/11, there are those who were in the Vietnam war, who signed up, who fought, risked their lives, and in some cases died, like J
OHNMCCAINand like my brother-in-law Rocky Davison, my wife’s brother, who flew Navy A–4 reconnaissance planes in Vietnam—one of the most decorated pilots in the Navy during that era. People like him 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:41 Aug 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27AU6.007 S27AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5946 August 27, 2018 
were great. My father-in-law flew re-connaissance in World War II in the Pacific. He did everything he could to help the country during difficult times. There were so many people who did that for our country, and we owe all of them a debt of gratitude and a debt of thanks. We need to remember that we are all Americans. To those who saved us as a country, kept our freedom when we were about to lose it, fought for us, risked their lives, and died for us, we owe it to them, at times like this, to elevate them to the appropriate place in history. That is what I am trying to do with J
OHNMCCAINtoday. I want to elevate J
OHN. JOHNwas bet-ter than I am, and I know it. J
OHNwas the best of my generation. J
OHN M
CCAIN was and is a great human being. I don’t know what is going to be said in the next few days about J
OHN M
CCAINby whomever is going to say it or what is going to be done, but any-body who in any way tarnishes the rep-utation of J
OHN MCCAIN deserves a whipping because most of those who would do the wrong thing about J
OHN M
CCAINdidn’t have the guts to do the right thing when it was their turn. We need to remember that. So I would say to the President or anybody in the world, it is time to pause and say that this was a great man who gave everything for us. We owe him nothing less than the respect that he earned, and that is what I in-tend to give J
OHNin return for what he gave me. J
OHNtook me to Kosovo 20 years ago when President Clinton said that we were going to send some people over there to verify the crime sites, the eth-nic cleansing. I went to Pristina with J
OHN. I went to Montenegro. I went to the World Security Conference in Mu-nich a few years after that and got to sit with Vladimir Putin. I saw J
OHN M
CCAINtalk to Vladimir Putin as if they were next-door neighbors but also as if they were Dutch uncles. I was so proud to be from a country that had a guy like J
OHNMCCAIN, who could break the ice with the toughest of our adver-saries, speak up with pride for Amer-ica, and calm them down when they needed to be calmed down. Yet J
OHN and I had some problems too. M
ITCH MCCONNELL did me the worst favor of my lifetime when he made me the chairman of the Ethics Committee. That is a hard job, and no-body likes the person who chairs that committee because they are scared of them. But I got the Ethics Committee job at a time when J
OHN MCCAINwas still on the special committee for the Ethics Committee to decide what to do on using airplanes during campaign events as candidates or for our PACs. J
OHNhad access to a plane, which gave him an exemption from the rules that we passed. It made it tough as heck be-cause he didn’t have to worry about the cause and effects. But J
OHNtook a second to understand the problems that a normal legislator, who might not have had access to a private plane, might have had. In the end, he took his circumstances and his ability to have a private plane and applied them to the changes that were made to be sure that everybody was being treated fairly. JOHN didn’t just expect things to be good for J
OHN; he expected things to be good for everybody. He always did that, and I always learned a lot from him. The other thing I learned was how to cuss. Let me tell you, J
OHN MCCAIN could do a lot of things, but cussing was one of the best things he ever did. He was a consummate cusser, and he knew how to do it to have emphasis added. That is what the papers always say when they put the pound marks and things like that after some state-ments J
IMINHOFE makes or I make. J
OHNand I were working on legisla-tion. I am chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. He was chairman of the Armed Services Committee. We had a huge veterans bill that we had to come together and have a meeting of the minds on in terms of healthcare. J
OHNwas late for the meeting. He came into the meeting. He pulled the door behind him and slammed it. For 10 minutes he laid the best cussing on me and everybody else in the room that I had ever heard. He said: I haven’t got time to put up with this anymore. Y’all just listen to what I have to say and tell me what you are going to do. That is a tough way to convene busi-ness, but J
OHNsometimes knew how to get us all to think, to get us all to talk. He would intimidate you enough so you would have to fight him for what you believe in, and you would get a better piece of legislation than if he just let it pass or if he had intimidated you to death. J
OHNknew exactly what he had the capability of doing, and he knew exactly when to apply the intimi-dation—and the thanks and the grace. He did it at the right time every single time. Did we agree all the time? No, but I know I am a better person, our country is a better country, and the world is a better place because of J
OHN M
CCAIN. In the next 3 or 4 days, as we go through and run into kids we know or relatives or my own children, whom I will be with this coming Sunday in the mountains, we are going to have a lit-tle meeting about J
OHNMCCAINjust to make sure they know what I know and so I know that they know about a great American hero because I want them, when they have kids in their 40s—my kids are in their 40s today—to remem-ber on Veterans Day, on Memorial Day, and on all other days, the J
OHN M
CCAINs of the world and those who will come after J
OHN, who will put their life and future and fortune on the line for the greatest country in the world, the United States of America. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, I can’t think of anything more difficult than to speak after the last two speak-ers. Of course, I have known them for a long time. They are two totally dif-ferent, opposite people. We have SUSAN COLLINS , who is a well-recognized moderate. She is one who understands and has great appre-ciation for the environment. She is not the kind of person you would associate with a tough guy like J
OHN MCCAIN, who has gone out there and has done things that other people haven’t done but just talked about. Then we heard the statement from the Senator from Georgia. You know, I was thinking about that. I am a few years older than he is. We have a lot of things in common. He was talking about his being drafted; I was drafted. I will always remember, I was actually enrolled many, many years ago—I was going to be at the University of Mexico in Mexico City in an international pro-gram. At that time, I was at the Uni-versity of Colorado. I did all of my finals and all that early so that I could get back in time to go to Mexico. I got back to Tulsa, where I am from, and I got a letter from a very impor-tant person, the President of the United States. I thought, how nice of Eisenhower to remember me. It was my draft notice, so that changed my life. But it changed my life in a way that it was the greatest single experience I have ever had, and I wouldn’t be doing what I am doing today if it were not for the discipline that comes from being in the military. We will always have heroes we deal with, and we are dealing with a hero when we deal with Senator M
CCAIN. I have often said that I think Tim-othy, who wrote 2 Timothy 4:7, had J
OHNMCCAINin mind when he said: ‘‘I fought the good fight, I have finished the race, I have kept the faith.’’ That is exactly what he did. He was kind of a mean guy. A lot of people didn’t like J
OHN MCCAIN. He wasn’t the most lovable person to be around. But he was a fighter. He never shied away from a good fight. He was passionate for the causes that he be-lieved in and a strong advocate for human rights and Democratic values, standing up for oppressed people around the world. That is the softer side of J
OHNMCCAINthat a lot of peo-ple don’t know about. He was a fighter but not just a fight-er; he was a fighter for the people of Arizona. After he returned from the time he had spent in prison, he got back to Arizona, and he started fight-ing again. He did that for 36 years after his incarceration. He was shaped by his own military service and that of his father and grandfather. It has been said several times in statements about his father and grandfather—and I have done some studying on them—that is really what formed J
OHN MCCAIN. Both of them were admirals in the Navy, and it was natural that he was going to be in the Navy, and, of course, he was. During his time of leadership on the Senate Armed Services Committee, he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:41 Aug 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27AU6.008 S27AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5947 August 27, 2018 
continually focused on impact. There are those individuals—such as the oc-cupier of the Chair right now—who have served on the Armed Services Committee with Senator M
CCAIN, and the Presiding Officer knows, as I know and as anybody else who has served with him knows, he was always for the underdog—always for the troops out in the field. I think the Senator from Maine articulated that very well. They were the people he had compassion for. He would always take care of the sol-dier, sailor, airman, and marine. He articulated this, by the way, in one of his books, ‘‘Faith of My Fa-thers.’’ He was talking about his father and grandfather. This quote says it better than any of the rest of us can say it. 
An officer’s obligations to enlisted men are the most solemn of all. An officer must not confer his responsibilities on the men under his command. They are his alone. He does not put his men in jeopardy for any purpose that their country has not required they serve. He does not risk their lives and wel-fare for his sake, but only to answer the shared duty they are called to answer. 
That was Senator M CCAIN. He looked after those individuals who were under his command. He was a ferocious opponent, but the key thing about Senator M
CCAINwas that he was willing to take on those tough debates, which have become more and more rare in this Chamber. We don’t see them as we used to, but J
OHNwould relish the debate, earning the respect and admiration of every-one. I can remember—there are so many areas because of all the years we served together, not just on the Senate Armed Services Committee but also his time in the House and my time in the House. We had differences of opinion. I think I am a little bit stubborn sometimes too. I remember there was a commissary issue, and that got pretty violent be-fore it was over. We took each other on. There was the BRAC issue. He wanted another BRAC round in this Defense authorization bill, and I didn’t want one because I thought that if there was anything we shouldn’t be doing, it would be closing down mis-sions that we may be needing as we are rebuilding. So we had an honest dif-ference of opinion. I remember, in 2003, back when ev-eryone was jumping on this whole glob-al warming thing, that was going to be everyone’s ticket to the White House. I remember when J
OHNhad the McCain- Lieberman bill. I remember that lasted for 3 days of debate—3 days of debate— and I had hardly any Senators come down on my side of the issue, but we won anyway. After that was over—and that was one J
OHNhad his heart in—he came over to me and said: Good job. You won; I lost. That was it. There were no hard feelings. That is the kind of person J
OHNMCCAINwas, one whom we will never forget. A lot of people look at Arizona and think it has always been a Republican State. It wasn’t. In 1994, I ran for the U.S. Senate. It was kind of interesting because it was a Democratic State. It was kind of interesting because this guy who was kind of the darling of the Democratic Party was my opponent. Nobody would come out and help me. Only three Senators came out and helped me during that race. They were Senator GRASSLEY , Senator Bob Dole, and J
OHNMCCAIN. J
OHNMCCAINcame out. I will always remember this because we had a lot of things in common, but I hardly knew the guy. He came out not just once; he came out twice. The first time he came out because he had a background in aviation and I have a background in aviation. I remember I had a nice, air- conditioned, twin-engine plane, but I had lost an engine the night before so I had to fly my kid’s plane. It was very hot. It is called a little Grumman Tiger. It doesn’t have any air-condi-tioning. It was in the 90s and got close to 100 that day. I wrote down the different places we went to—Oklahoma City; then we flew to Shawnee, where he and I visited the Vietnam Memorial. Then we flew to Lawton. Lawton happens to be the home of Fort Sill, the No. 1 area in the whole world for artillery, and we did our thing there. All the time, he was campaigning for me, a guy who couldn’t win. We went to Altus Air Force Base. That is still actually one of the top training bases. We now train C–17s and KC–135s. In fact, because of J
OHN and some of us on the committee, we will be flying the KC–46. Of course, this happened long before that. Anyway, we ended up in Bartlesville, hosting a fundraiser for me with the NRA. I guess he wanted to spend more time in that plane because he came back 2 weeks later, and we did the same thing. There was no reason for him to do that because we hardly knew each other when we started. We got to know each other a lot better up there in all that heat. Nevertheless, he was there. You always remember the people who help you when nobody else will. I can say a lot of things about J
OHN M
CCAIN. You heard him on the floor. You will hear more—the hero, the pa-triot—but what is never in dispute is that J
OHN MCCAINwas a fighter who was always deeply loyal to his country, his family, his constituents. He was a patriot and always faithful. We all know that patriotism and loyalty to your country isn’t based on your words. You have to live it. Of course, he did that every day. As a young naval officer following in his family’s footsteps—his father and his grandfather—J
OHN kept the faith. He graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy. It is interesting, he never talked about being an outstanding stu-dent and all that. In fact, he used to say: I was fifth in the class—fifth from the bottom. But he became a naval avi-ator. He was deployed during the Vietnam war. He flew 23 missions and was shot down in enemy territory. We all know the story. We know that he kept his faith. It bears repeating that he was held by the North Vietnamese for 5 years. I actually remember going there and seeing the conditions under which he was held during that period of time. Because both his father and grand-father were admirals, he had the oppor-tunity, if he wanted, to bail out. He didn’t do that. He wanted to be there. He didn’t want to have any special kind of treatment. That was JOHN. After the Navy, J
OHN kept his faith by continuing to serve his country— this time as a congressman, then a Senator, and, ultimately, as chairman of the Armed Services Committee. He also kept the faith on the causes he be-lieved were just, never wavering under political pressure. We all grieve because J
OHN has fin-ished his race here on Earth—and on his own terms, surrounded by his friends and his loving family. J
OHN served his country faithfully for 60 years. We owe him a great debt for that service. This week, we will mourn him and honor him, and we will be celebrating the truly remarkable life of an Amer-ican hero. We all have our J
OHN M
CCAINstory: a time when we were moved by his stubbornness, his cour-age, his passion—sometimes all three at the same time. I look forward to hearing these stories and tributes from my good friends. We all grieve for Cindy and his fam-ily. They will continue to be in our prayers. Lastly, I do believe, now that I have thought about it, that is what Timothy had in mind when he wrote: ‘‘I have fought the good fight, I have finished the race, and I have kept the faith.’’ So we say thank you, J
OHNMCCAIN. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. M
ORAN ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING JOHN MCCAIN  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, until the very end, he served his country—until the very end. ‘‘Service,’’ to J
OHN M
CCAIN, meant living something unique in all the history of the world. It meant living in service to something unique—the American idea. E pluribus unum—‘‘from many, one’’—might seem like a quaint vestige from a more idealistic time when com-pared to the brutal and determined di-visions of our time, but it was an idea that defined J
OHNMCCAIN’s life. In and through his service, he defied cat-egorization; frustrated the tired con-ventions of the way party loyalists were supposed to behave; acted against his own political interests time and again in a way that, from our vantage 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Aug 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27AU6.009 S27AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5948 August 27, 2018 
point today, is nothing short of awe-in-spiring; and he recognized that democ-racy was hard but that living in bond-age to tyranny was far harder. We talk a lot in this Chamber about freedom. No one in this city and few in American history knew as much or as vividly about the price of freedom as did J
OHN MCCAIN. Our words are too often cheap and eminently forgettable, but J
OHNMCCAINpaid our freight with his body and with his soul. To our shame, he lived long enough to have to take to this Senate floor to inveigh against the rank tribalism that we have fallen into lately. He knew that giving in to our worst impulses to score pyrrhic political victories was as easy as it was dangerous and was and is a tangible threat to American democ-racy—a democracy to which he gave every bit of his life. If I may, and with your indulgence, I will read from Senator M
CCAIN’s last speech from this room. On July 25, 2017, while bearing the fresh wounds from his last battle, Sen-ator M
CCAINstood in this Chamber. Thinking not of himself but of his country, he exhorted, inspired, pleaded, and cajoled all of us in an attempt to shake us to our senses in order to re-ject the prevailing ugliness that seized the Capitol. One last time, he was standing alone to do what was right. In a sure sign of just how desperate he was, he even appealed to our decency and to our reason—qualities that seem to have long fled Washington. That day last summer, he said in part: 
We are the servants of a great nation, ‘‘a . . . nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedi-cated to the proposition that all men are cre-ated equal.’’ More people have lived free and prosperous lives here than in any other Na-tion. We have acquired unprecedented wealth and power because of our governing prin-ciples, and because our government defended those principles. 
He went on: 
America has made a greater contribution than any other nation to an international order that has liberated more people from tyranny and poverty than ever before in his-tory. We have been the greatest example, the greatest supporter, and the greatest defender of that order. We aren’t afraid. We don’t covet other people’s land and wealth. We don’t hide behind walls. We breach them. We are a blessing to humanity. 
He continued: 
What greater cause could we hope to serve than helping keep America the strong, aspir-ing, inspirational beacon of liberty and de-fender of dignity of all human beings and their right to freedom and equal justice? That is the cause that binds us and is so much more powerful and worthy than the small differences that divide us. 
Until the very end, he served his country. Now, as we consider the life of this man, in stark relief to what now passes for our politics, he continues to serve as a beacon to who we are and what we can be when we are at our best. If J
OHNMCCAINcan forgive the North Vietnamese torturers, we can at least forgive each other. But that gesture of Senator MCCAIN’s was not merely a gesture of conciliation for conciliation’s sake; it was reflective of a world view that saw the humanity even in his enemies, of a sometimes unfathomable decency that could over-come most any difficulty, of a deep dedication to another American idea— the idea that character is destiny—and to the eternally optimistic preference for tomorrow over yesterday. I don’t know whether Senator M
CCAIN—whether J OHN—subscribed to the ‘‘great man’’ or ‘‘great woman’’ theory of history, the notion that the story of humanity is written by the ac-tions and choices of great individuals. I don’t know if he believed that, but I do know this: He lived it. I know this be-cause it was my great honor of a life-time to serve in this body with Senator M
CCAINas the other Senator from Ari-zona. Long before that privilege was ac-corded me by the people of my State, I was J
OHN MCCAIN’s constituent. When the necessity presented itself to point up examples for my daughter and my four sons of lives lived with principle and purpose, of role models, I had to look no further than my own Senator. I have a pretty good idea that such ap-probation would be mocked most loud-ly by J
OHNMCCAINhimself. I imagine he would have some choice and colorful language in response to the outpouring of love and tributes since he has left us. We know that, like all of us, the Senator was not perfect. In fact, if you are interested in an inventory of his failings, M
CCAINhimself was the most eager to provide it. Yet, as a former aide of his said in the past few days, M
CCAINwas not perfect, but he per-fectly loved his country. Words are a poor measure of any life, much less a life the size of J
OHN M
CCAIN’s and the swath he cut on this Earth. Yet we must try. We may never see his like again. For the sake of the country he loved, we owe it to his memory to try to be more like him so that when the season of mourning is over, we don’t merely dispense with our earnest tributes and go right back to our venality. Because the poverty of our words notwithstanding, we have lately wasted a lot of words in this town doing and being everything that J
OHNMCCAINwas not. We would do well to allow this mo-ment to affect us in ways reflected not merely in our words but in our deeds. We would do well to reflect on J
OHN M
CCAIN’s example today and ask our-selves if we are living up to it or even coming close. We would do well to honor him by emulating his example. We, of course, will never have his ex-traordinary comic timing. He ribbed me without mercy—and with only a lit-tle exaggeration—that the only way I got elected to anything was because of my hundreds of siblings and thousands of cousins. I would have laughed harder if there wasn’t some truth to it. We will never possess his grace in both victory and defeat. We will never have his servant’s heart nor his power and clarity about the daily effort that freedom requires. JOHN MCCAINknew firsthand the epic global struggle for freedom, and so he was freedom’s greatest champion in the Senate. He also knew that history is not a straight line and that the ghosts of the great ideological struggle of the 20th century are still here haunting the 21st. As he recently told Jeffrey Goldberg of the Atlantic, ‘‘There’s always a Putin somewhere in the world, and you’re meant to oppose them with all the skills God gave you.’’ As we say goodbye to J
OHNMCCAIN, let us take up his banner. His was al-ways the good fight. We are fortunate to have known him best in Arizona, but he was bigger than any one State. He always belonged to America and to the world, and now he belongs to the ages. Farewell, Senator. Farewell, J
OHN. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Lynn A. Johnson, of Colorado, to be Assistant Secretary for Family Support, Department of Health and Human Services. Mitch McConnell, Richard C. Shelby, Cory Gardner, John Boozman, Johnny Isakson, John Thune, John Cornyn, Pat Roberts, Ron Johnson, James M. Inhofe, Chuck Grassley, Lamar Alex-ander, Richard Burr, Lisa Murkowski, Michael B. Enzi, Roy Blunt, Bob Corker. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Lynn A. Johnson, of Colorado, to be Assistant Secretary for Family Sup-port, Department of Health and Human Services, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ), the Sen-ator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ), the Sen-ator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Sen-ator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RA-
HAM), and the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ), the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Aug 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27AU6.011 S27AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5949 August 27, 2018 
LEAHY ), the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ), and the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 60, nays 28, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 194 Ex.] YEAS—60 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Cantwell Capito Casey Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Lankford Lee McCaskill McConnell Moran Murphy Nelson Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shaheen Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—28 
Blumenthal Booker Brown Cardin Coons Cortez Masto Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Heinrich Klobuchar Markey Menendez Merkley Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Smith Stabenow Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse 
NOT VOTING—11 
Carper Cassidy Crapo Cruz Graham Hirono Jones Leahy Manchin Murkowski Murray 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 60, the nays are 28. The motion is agreed to. The Senator from Ohio. 
f 
REMEMBERING JOHN M CCAIN Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, this week, of course, we remember and honor our colleague and an American hero J
OHN MCCAIN. He embodied our most cherished values of service and sacrifice, and he understood the prin-ciples that make our country great. One of those principles, as we know, is our First Amendment protections for a free and independent press. Some-thing I always admired about Senator M
CCAIN, even before I got to know him well many years ago, was his openness with the journalists, the workaday re-porters who were doing their jobs every day and who covered him on behalf of the American people. He didn’t hide from the people he served, and he was always willing to stand up for freedom of the press. When those freedoms came under at-tack, he stood up and said to journal-ists: ‘‘The fact is we need you.’’ He wrote an op-ed in the Washington Post in January that I would like to quote from. This op-ed was partly in response to the President’s declaring several times, repeatedly, that the media are enemies of the people. J
OHN MCCAIN put that to rest with these comments: Ultimately, freedom of information is crit-ical for a democracy to succeed. . . . Jour-nalists play a major role in the promotion and protection of democracy and our unalienable rights, and they must be able to do their jobs freely. Only truth and trans-parency can guarantee freedom. 
Senator M CCAINwas right. We will miss his moral leadership on this issue and his moral leadership on so many others. It is up to all of us to continue to stand up for the freedom of the press to serve and inform our communities. That is why I want to highlight, like I do every week, yet another story in an Ohio paper informing the public, re-ported by a journalist serving her com-munity. Last week, the Dayton Daily News ran a story by staff writer Emily Kronenberger on the opening of the city of Trotwood’s new, renovated com-munity and cultural arts center. The facility was in need of major repairs and had been shuttered for a decade. After this major remodeling, the center is reopening and will provide the com-munity with art exhibits, concerts, and classes. Ms. Kronenberger talked to the Trotwood city manager, who said the new center ‘‘will make impacts on the community and region for decades to come.’’ The paper also informed Miami Val-ley readers about a new partnership with Central State University. The school will have a satellite office in the reopened community center that will offer 4–H youth development programs on everything from agriculture to engi-neering to scholarship opportunities. This kind of reporting is what jour-nalists do every single day in Ohio, in Oklahoma, and across this country. They do their jobs: They serve their readers, they serve their viewers, and they serve their communities. As we pay our respects to Senator M
CCAINthis week, let us also recommit ourselves to the values he fought for his entire life. That includes a free and independent press. 
f 
CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION BUREAU Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, Ameri-cans are getting pretty tired of how much power special interests have in this town. That is why we created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to look out for the millions of ordinary Americans who don’t have armies of lobbyists. The Bureau was supposed to be an independent watchdog—a place free from Wall Street influence, which is pervasive around here pretty much all of the time. Remember what happened last year when powerful corporations demanded that Congress overturn a Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau rule that guaranteed customers who were harmed by their bank would have their day in court? You might think pro-tecting Americans’ right to their day in court is something we would all agree on. Wall Street is so powerful, the Vice President of the United States had to come to this Chamber in the dead of night so that he could break a tie on behalf of Wall Street to vote to repeal. We have seen in this town a collec-tive amnesia about what happened a decade ago. People forget that a decade ago people lost billions of dollars in wealth. People lost billions of dollars in their businesses. People lost jobs. People lost their homes. Over and over, we have heard those stories about what happened a decade ago. We saw it in our communities. I see it where my wife and I live in Cleveland. Yet the Banking Committee in this Congress, this Senate, seems to have forgotten about what happened 10 years ago. They are already going back to weak-ening the rules to help Wall Street, as if Wall Street doesn’t have enough. Imagine if the same people who voted to repeal the rule we talked about a moment ago were in charge of deciding whether the Consumer Bureau could start an investigation into one of the big banks or payday lenders or credit bureaus like Equifax. That is what would happen if we put Congress in charge of the Consumer Bureau’s budg-et. Do we think this current crowd in charge wouldn’t do Wall Street’s bid-ding, wouldn’t punish the Bureau every time it tries to hold the big banks ac-countable? That is why it is inde-pendent. We don’t want Congress to be able to cut its budget every time it goes after the bad guys. If the Consumer Bureau decides it wants to go after a payday lender that has preyed on veterans and service-members outside of Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, if the Consumer Bu-reau decides that it wants to clamp down on discrimination in auto lend-ing, we don’t want Congress at the be-hest of Wall Street, at the behest of the auto industry—auto dealers in this case—to be able to cut their budget. That is clearly what they do. This year, under Mick Mulvaney, we have already seen what having a Con-sumer Bureau that is accountable to Wall Street rather than regular Ameri-cans looks like. Mulvaney has canceled enforcement actions against payday lenders. He has gutted the office re-sponsible for going after discrimina-tory lenders. He encourages big banks to throw even more money at Members of Congress. I believe he went in front of the American Bankers Association— one of the big trade associations. He went in front of them and said: If you want to get your way with Congress, you have to put more money in, you have to give more campaign contribu-tions. This was the President’s appointed head of the Consumer Bureau. Perhaps most despicably, earlier this month, he announced he would no longer—get this—protect servicemembers and their families from shady lenders that tried to cheat them by ending the CFPB’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Aug 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27AU6.027 S27AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5950 August 27, 2018 
monitoring for violations of the Mili-tary Lending Act. Just today, the head student lending watchdog at the Consumer Bureau re-signed. He said in his letter of resigna-tion that ‘‘it has become clear that consumers no longer have a strong, independent Consumer Bureau on their side.’’ Because of Mulvaney, because of the White House looking like a retreat for Wall Street executives, this leader in the Consumer Bureau, who is fighting to protect students who have been de-frauded by financial institutions, said that it is ‘‘clear that consumers no longer have a strong, independent Con-sumer Bureau on their side.’’ We created that Bureau 8 years ago. I pushed to include that office, the Stu-dent Loan Ombudsman, because I know hard-working families struggle with enormous education loans but rarely get any help from big banks or services or even their own government. The of-fice was meant to be an independent check on the Education Department, which is even more important now that it is run by a Secretary, a billionaire, who doesn’t seem to understand or care about the struggles that so many work-ing families face. Right now, we have surpassed $1.5 trillion—that is $1,500 billion—in stu-dent loan debt in this country. That debt has ripple effects for families for our entire economy. More than 1 mil-lion Americans are forced to default on their student loan debt every year. That is 3,000 new defaults every single day. A disproportionate number of those are students who had borrowed to attend a for-profit school—schools that we know often trick and mislead Amer-icans into taking out huge predatory loans; schools that spend way more time recruiting, marketing, adver-tising, and helping students get loans than they do coaching and mentoring and ultimately helping in the job search for these students when they finish. That is why we need a truly independent watchdog looking out for those students. That was the job of the outgoing Student Loan Ombudsman, but he has not been able to do his job, protecting students, because of Direc-tor Mulvaney. In his resignation, he confirmed what we all suspected—that Mulvaney is not independent. He is working for the same special interests as the rest of this administration. Rather than let-ting the career staff at CFPB do their jobs enforcing the law, Mulvaney has put a bunch of political lackeys in charge of the Consumer Bureau while independent experts are forced out of the agency. When the CFPB had an independent Director, it recovered $12 billion in re-lief for 29 million Americans. They had been harmed by Wells Fargo or a pay-day lender or a credit bureau like Equifax. Think of that: 29 million Americans had recovered $12 billion from these companies and these banks that had cheated them. The student loan office was able to return $750 mil-lion specifically to students who had been preyed upon by for-profit schools or predatory collectors. Under Mulvaney, the CFPB doesn’t do its job. That is why it is so impor-tant for the Senate to demand an inde-pendent leader to be in charge of the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau—not Mick Mulvaney, not his pro-tege, Kathy Kraninger. We need some-one fighting back against these cor-porations that take advantage of hard- working families, not taking orders from Wall Street. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. 
REMEMBERING JOHN MCCAIN  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I look across the Senate and see Senator M
CCAIN’s desk silent, draped in black, under a vase of white roses, and it breaks my heart. I am here to say my farewell, and I have a bit of a predica-ment, which is that I am a very ordi-nary man, here to try and give tribute to a very extraordinary man. J
OHN MCCAINwas an extraordinary man—extraordinary in his suffering and resilience, extraordinary in his ideals and principles, extraordinary in his courage and devotion, and extraor-dinary, too, in the devotion he engen-dered. We met when I was a new Senator and he already a legend. His battles for campaign finance reform and against corrupting earmarks were legendary. He could make a point here on the Sen-ate floor with legendary drama and punch and declarative force. He could also be unreasonable, and he took a completely unreasonable liking to me. Our politics did not match. I could offer him nothing. Yet he befriended me, and, as so many colleagues know, J
OHN’s friendship was a treasure. J
OHNshowed courage in many ways, but he showed real courage in friend-ship. When an attack was mounted on one of Hillary Clinton’s staffers, he came straight to the floor to defend her publicly. When someone attacked the character of Senator Obama at a polit-ical event, he said: No, I know him. He is a good family man. Loyalty attracts loyalty, and J
OHN was loyal. We traveled a lot together— to Afghanistan and Iraq, to Munich, Mali, Mongolia, and Macassar, to many, many places but, most poign-antly, to Vietnam. My dad served 5 years in Vietnam. He told me about his colleague, Admiral McCain, whose son was a POW, who had been shot down and wounded ter-ribly but refused early release. As a boy, I went with my father to Tan Son Nhut Air Base in Saigon the night our POWs returned from captivity. J
OHN had left straight from Hanoi and did not pass through Tan Son Nhut, but I witnessed how frail and ill and pale and battered his fellow POWs were as they clamored out of the helicopters into the glare of the TV lights. I was ready to revere any man who had been through that, and to find that this man was so friendly and cheerful and feisty and irreverent—that put me irrevocably into the MCCAINfan club. I noticed I was not alone. One telling measure of a man is his staff. J
OHNat-tracted people of exceptional talent and ability, who became so devoted they would walk through fire for him. J
OHNattracted the admiration of for-eign leaders, not just from great pow-ers but from remote and struggling countries. When we traveled in Libya, J
OHN was received like Lafayette. He had been there when it counted, when freedom there was in the offing. He was beloved in Ukraine. He had spoken at the Maidan when freedom there was in the offing. He spent an icy New Year’s Eve with Ukrainian troops on their frontline. In Vietnam, J
OHN was revered. I don’t know any celebrities, but I do know what traveling with a celebrity is like because I have traveled with J
OHN M
CCAINin Vietnam. The statue that stands in Hanoi by the lake where he was shot down calls him an air pirate, but he was treated everywhere as a hero. And you had to know he liked the air pirate thing. Wherever we went in the world, he wanted to meet with prisoners, with the opposition, with whoever was pur-suing freedom for their country. J
OHN M
CCAINwas America’s most vigorous and loyal ambassador of freedom. He was fiercely proud that one place he was not welcome was Russia. Putin had banned him. ‘‘No more holidays in Siberia,’’ J
OHN laughed. Mark my words, one day even Russia will turn toward freedom, and when it does, J
OHNMCCAINwill be revered there. J
OHNmade a big difference in a great many ways, but the one I want to close with is the Senate. Senators are often stuffy. J
OHN was not. If there was ever a Senator enti-tled to take himself seriously, it was J
OHN. Yet he didn’t. He effervesced the stolid Senate, to the occasional annoy-ance of some of our colleagues. Here, too, J
OHN engendered lifetime loyalty and affection and respect. Lindsey and Joe and Kelly were his great amigos— none greater than Lindsey, but many of us loved him well. Millions of Americans saw J
OHN M
CCAIN give the famous C–SPAN thumbs down that put an end to repeal and replace. They probably did not see what happened next. Having just cast what was a devastating vote for many of his colleagues, he went back to his seat. From my seat here across the Chamber, I saw J
OHN’s colleagues gent-ly start moving toward him. They may have hated his vote, but there was nev-ertheless this gentle flow of bodies moving to stand around and near him. His friend D
ANSULLIVAN of Alaska was one who came down from the back row just to stand near J
OHN in the aisle. Hate the vote; love the man. This place can be complicated. J
OHNcould be annoying. In Munich, accepting an award for J
OHN, his be-loved Cindy said: ‘‘I love him—most of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Aug 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27AU6.017 S27AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5951 August 27, 2018 
the time.’’ His temper could be explo-sive. I read once of a man nicknamed for a South American volcano because he ‘‘constantly fumed and regularly erupted,’’ and I thought of J
OHN. He loved a good fight and was eager to pile in. ‘‘A fight not joined is a fight not en-joyed,’’ he would say. An extraordinary man is not a flaw-less man, and in his full humanity, J
OHNgave the rest of us mortals hope. You need not be perfect to try to be ex-traordinary. Well, he was extraor-dinary. I think we all found in him qualities of affection, principle, cour-age, and drama that were extraor-dinary. And at the end of the day, as compass needles turn toward true north, you knew where he would be pointing. I will quote some of his last public words here: 
Though the true radiance of our world may at times seem obscured, though we will suf-fer adversity and setbacks and misfortune— never, ever stop fighting for all that is good and just and decent about our world and each other. 
I will never forget and will always treasure our friendship, but what I will revere is the way J
OHNMCCAINpointed true north at what was good and just and decent about our world and each other. His hero, Robert Jordan, in ‘‘For Whom the Bell Tolls,’’ said, as he died, ‘‘The world is a fine place and worth the fighting for and I hate very much to leave it.’’ We hate very much, J
OHN, that you have had to leave it. God bless you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, the postcloture time on the Johnson nomination expire at 10:40 a.m. on Tuesday, August 28. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LITTLE VILLAGE, CHICAGO FIRE Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, yester-day, a fire ravaged several homes in Little Village, Chicago. It was the deadliest fire the city has experienced in a decade. Today, we mourn the trag-ic loss of eight lives taken by this dis-aster. In the early hours of the morning, the Chicago Fire Department received a call that a fire had started on the porch of a home where children had been having a sleepover. The fire even-tually took the lives of eight precious children, ranging in age from 3 months to 16 years old, and critically injured two others before spreading to several other homes. My deepest sympathies are with the loved ones of those who were taken far too soon, and my prayers for recovery are with the two teenagers in critical care. Please know I am grieving with the families of Little Village as they work to remember those lost and re-build their community. I want to thank the Chicago Fire De-partment and emergency workers for their quick responses and dedication to saving lives and putting a stop to the deadly fire, as well as workers from the Red Cross and local organizations, who immediately came to the scene to pro-vide support to residents. I know the people of Little Village will come together to support one an-other, and they will be stronger for it. f 
REMEMBERING LEONARD AND DODY BOSWELL Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to pay tribute to a devoted public servant from my home State of Iowa. Congressman Leonard Boswell passed away this month after a long battle with cancer. A decorated military officer, he served 20 years in the U.S. Army, a dozen years in the Iowa Senate, and 16 years in the U.S. House of Representatives. That adds up to nearly a half-century in service to the country he so dearly loved and served with honor and dis-tinction. After being drafted into the U.S. Army, Leonard rose to the rank of lieutenant colonel and served two tours of duty as an assault helicopter pilot in Vietnam. His distinguished service in uniform groomed him for political bat-tles on the campaign trail and in public office at the State and Federal level. In civilian life, as well as in both the military and political arenas, Leonard Boswell was an officer and a gen-tleman. He brought integrity to the campaign trail and to the halls of Con-gress. Anyone who underestimated Congressman Boswell failed to appre-ciate the gritty combination of a deco-rated war veteran and a cattle farmer from southern Iowa. In fact, an armed intruder who broke into the Congress-man’s farm home in 2011 found out right quick. At age 77, Leonard’s in-stincts to protect his family kicked into overdrive, and he tackled the in-truder to the ground. Notwithstanding those instincts, Leonard Boswell was widely known as folksy and plain-spoken. He was Iowa through and through. That included answering the call to help his neigh-bors and a local grain elevator strug-gling during the 1980s farm crisis. From there, he threw his hat into the ring for public office. Congressman Boswell’s funeral serv-ice was last Saturday, and unexpect-edly, it became a double ceremony as his beloved wife of 63 years died just hours before the service, 8 days after Congressman Boswell passed. Leonard and Dody’s life together was filled with deep faith, love of family and friends, and service, as she taught elementary school for 37 years, mainly in Lamoni. Dody’s family rightly described her as spiritual, adventurous, vibrant, with a wonderful sense of humor who lived with love, tenacity, and compassion. Although Congressman Boswell and I were members of two different political parties, we shared many things in com-mon as lifelong Iowans, farmers, octo-genarians, and outspoken champions for rural America. On many issues of the day, we had different points of view on how to achieve a particular goal, but at the end of the day, we shared an unequivo-cal commitment to work on behalf of Iowans, especially farmers and vet-erans. From farm bills to transpor-tation and infrastructure spending, Leonard and I largely saw eye to eye on legislation that would help Iowans weather the storms of natural disasters or downturns in the farm economy. As members of the Iowa congres-sional delegation, there is an unspoken understanding that, when it comes to matters important to Iowa, we work all for one and one for all. I recall when Leonard first came to Washington in 1997, he was the only Democrat in the Iowa House delegation. Shortly after his swearing in, Congressman Boswell invited my staff and me to his office to get acquainted. We enjoyed his Iowa hospitality very much and returned the invitation shortly thereafter. After our initial meet-and-greets, it was under-stood that our doors and lines of com-munication were always open. We shared a very good working relation-ship during our service together in Congress. There is one particular piece of legis-lation that we worked on together in our respective Chambers of Congress. I was the lead Senate Republican co-sponsor, and he was the principal au-thor in the House of Representatives. It is called the Joshua Omvig Suicide Prevention Act. We named the bill for an Iowan who took his own life in 2005 after returning from duty in Iraq. Our bill was enacted in 2007. It sought to improve mental health services for vet-erans. Here in the Senate, I will con-tinue working to carry out our shared mission of suicide prevention for servicemembers. As a decorated war veteran and longtime advocate for the veteran community, Congressman Bos-well cared deeply about fulfilling the promises made to America’s veterans. The law he worked to enact has paved 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Aug 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27AU6.019 S27AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5952 August 27, 2018 
the way for even more resources and programs to get veterans in crisis the help they need. In closing, I salute a widely respected patriot, whom I am proud to call my friend. Leonard leaves behind a legacy of service, civility, and integrity. Bar-bara and I extend our deepest condo-lences to the Boswell family as they mourn the loss and celebrate the lives of Leonard and Dody. God bless them both. 
f 
115TH ANNIVERSARY OF HARLEY- DAVIDSON MOTOR COMPANY Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Harley-Davidson Motor Company on its 115th anniver-sary. I am proud to honor this historic Wisconsin company and to commemo-rate this significant milestone. In 1903, boyhood friends William S. Harley and Arthur Davidson completed the first design and manufacture of a motorcycle, and Harley-Davidson Motor Company was born in a small machine shop on Milwaukee’s north side. Harley-Davidson quickly built its success on the strong foundation of partnerships with the law enforcement and military communities. In 1907, Harley-Davidson began selling its mo-torcycles to police departments, a tra-dition that remains to this day. In 1917, ‘‘Harleys’’ were adopted for military issue during the First World War. The U.S. military purchased over 20,000 mo-torcycles from Harley-Davidson for the war effort. As one of only two Amer-ican cycle manufacturers to survive the Great Depression, Harley-Davidson began to produce large numbers of mo-torcycles for the Army during the Sec-ond World War. Harley-Davidson re-ceived two Army-Navy E Awards for Excellence in Production, one in 1943 and another in 1945. Today, Harley-Davidson remains one of the largest motorcycle manufactur-ers in the world and is famous for its loyal following. True to its roots, the company has kept its headquarters in Wisconsin’s largest city: Milwaukee. Beginning with the 90th anniversary in 1993, Harley-Davidson has held celebratory rides to Milwaukee from all four corners of the United States that are called the Ride Home. There, Harley owners from around the Nation and the world celebrate Harley- Davidson’s success every 5 years at Harleyfest. They can also experience more than 100 years of Harley- Davidson’s rich history at the Harley- Davidson Museum. The museum was built in 2008 and has quickly become one of Milwaukee’s top tourist destina-tions. Anyone who has ridden a Harley knows that they make more than just world-class motorcycles; they create a sense of freedom that comes from ex-ploring the roads of the world. In spite of differences in age, gender, occupa-tion, lifestyle and background, Harley riders all share a sense of adventure and a passion for the open road. The Harley-Davidson Motor Company is an American icon, a Milwaukee sta-ple and a symbol of freedom. I am de-lighted to see the company thriving after 115 years and look forward to many more years of success to come. f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 4:04 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. McLaughlin, one of its journal clerks, announced that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
OONEY ) has signed the following enrolled bill: 
S. 899. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to ensure that the requirements that new Federal employees who are vet-erans with service-connected disabilities are provided leave for purposes of undergoing medical treatment for such disabilities apply to certain employees of the Veterans Health Administration. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–6339. A communication from the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, transmitting a report relative to efforts to protect the United States’ election infrastructure; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. EC–6340. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the development and implementation of a training curriculum for members of the Board of Correction of Military Records (BCMR) of the United States Coast Guard; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–292. A joint resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of California urging the United States Congress to require, if nec-essary, a resolution between the federal Cen-ters for Medicare and Medicaid Services and TRICARE to immediately restore data shar-ing and to waive the one-year timely filing restriction for all claims caught in this stop-page; to the Committee on Finance. SENATE JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 23 Whereas, The federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), a part of the United States Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), works with the states to fund and implement the MediCaid program, which provides health coverage to millions of Americans, including eligible low-income adults, children, pregnant women, elderly adults, and people with dis-abilities; and Whereas, TRICARE, which is managed by the United States Department of Defense Military Health System, provides civilian health benefits for active duty and reserve military members of the United States Armed Forces, military retirees, and their dependents, and which relies on the Defense Enrollment Eligibility Reporting System (DEERS) computerized database that con-tains TRICARE eligibility data for these in-dividuals; and Whereas, Approximately 1.75 million mili-tary veterans, their families, and active duty family members (nearly 1 in 10) have TRICARE and Medicaid coverage, including family members of active duty members who qualify under Medicaid income limits, vet-erans and their families who qualify under Medicaid income limits, disabled veterans and their families, and active duty family members that qualify for Medicaid due to disability; and Whereas, For individuals who have both TRICARE and Medicaid coverage, TRICARE must pay as primary coverage; and Whereas, Historically, identifying individ-uals with both TRICARE and Medicaid cov-erage has been a challenging, yet necessary, process, as acknowledged and documented in an HHS Inspector General report, ‘‘Medicaid Third Party Liability (TPL) Savings Have Increased, But Challenges Remain’’; and Whereas, Prior to 2017, TRICARE had matched their DEERS eligibility files and provided information back to the states about the individuals who had both TRICARE and Medicaid coverage; and Whereas, The agreement to cross-match between CMS and TRICARE has expired and the parties have been unable to reestablish terms to coordinate benefits between the two programs; and Whereas, In early 2017, TRICARE ceased its support in the data-match process in which states provide Medicaid enrollee eligibility information to TRICARE in order to identify those members who have both TRICARE and Medicaid; and Whereas, The expiration of the agreement has the effect of preventing the recovery of millions of payments annually where Med-icaid erroneously paid, because TRICARE should have paid as primary coverage, re-sulting in a shift of additional costs from the federal government to the states; and Whereas, TRICARE’s timely filing limita-tion precludes Medicaid from billing a claim that should be TRICARE’s responsibility if the service was rendered more than one year prior, resulting in additional annual costs shifting to California and other states; and Whereas, TRICARE refuses to share data with, and process eligibility information from, Medicaid managed care organizations that provide care to more than 60 percent of all Medicaid members nationally. It is esti-mated that millions of dollars annually paid in claims should have been TRICARE’s re-sponsibility, not Medicaid managed care or-ganizations, resulting in even more cost 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Aug 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27AU6.030 S27AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5953 August 27, 2018 
shifting to the states and leading to im-proper Medicaid capitation payments; and Whereas, Approximately 8.6 percent of TRICARE beneficiaries, or approximately 804,724 uniformed service members and their families, are located in California, and thus it is estimated that California could be pay-ing millions of dollars it is not responsible for if this issue of data sharing between TRICARE and CMS is not resolved; now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate and the Assembly of the State of California, jointly, That the Legis-lature of the State of California urges the United States Department of Defense and the United States Department of Health and Human Services to implement and the United States Congress to require, if nec-essary, a resolution between the federal Cen-ters for Medicare and Medicaid Services and TRICARE to immediately restore data shar-ing and to waive the one-year timely filing restriction for all claims caught in this stop-page; and be it further Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate transmit copies of this resolution to the President and Vice President of the United States, the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives, the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, the Majority Leader of the United States Senate, the Mi-nority Leader of the United States Senate, and to each Senator and Representative from California in the Congress of the United States. 
POM–293. A joint resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of California urging the United States Congress and the Presi-dent of the United States to enact H.R. 2902 pending before Congress that would fully fund the federal Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA); to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. S
ENATE JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 19 Whereas, The federal Education for All Handicapped Children Act of 1975 (1975 Act) was enacted by Congress and signed into law by the President of the United States as Public Law 94–142 to address the failure of states to meet the educational needs of chil-dren with disabilities. This act, known as the federal Individuals with Disabilities Edu-cation Act (IDEA) since 1990 with the enact-ment of Public Law 101–476, remains the cor-nerstone of federal statutory mandates gov-erning special education; and Whereas, The purpose of the 1975 Act, as declared by Congress, was to ensure that all children with disabilities have available to them, within specified time periods, ‘‘a free appropriate public education which empha-sizes special education and related services designed to meet their unique needs, to as-sure that the rights of children with disabil-ities and their parents or guardians are pro-tected, to assist States and localities to pro-vide for the education of all children with disabilities, and to assess and assure the ef-fectiveness of efforts to educate children with disabilities’’; and Whereas, The 1975 Act authorized a max-imum state funding entitlement of 40 per-cent, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 1982, and for each fiscal year thereafter, of the average per pupil expenditure in public elementary and secondary schools in the United’States; and Whereas, Since 1975, including in the most recent amendments to the IDEA, Public Law 108–446, the federal Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Improvement Act of 2004, Congress has maintained the funding author-ization at ‘‘40 percent of the average per- pupil expenditure in public elementary schools and secondary schools in the United States’’; and Whereas, The federal government has never paid its promised 40 percent share of the IDEA mandate. For many years, Con-gress paid less than 8 percent of the excess cost of educating children with disabilities, forcing the states and local educational agencies to cover the remaining costs. The California student population requiring spe-cial education and related services continues to grow each year; and Whereas, School, disability, and parent groups have been trying for years to bring IDEA appropriations up to the authorized 40 percent of average per-pupil expenditures, the maximum any state can receive per stu-dent with disability. This effort has come to be known as ‘‘full funding,’’ but the effort has never succeeded; and Whereas, The California Legislature, since the early 1990s, has approved a number of joint resolutions memorializing the Presi-dent of the United States and the U.S. Con-gress to provide the full federal share of funding for special education programs to the states so that this state and other states will not be required to take funding from other vital state and local programs to fund this underfunded federal mandate; and Whereas, In 2016, federal funding only rep-resented 16.3 percent of its share, well short of the promised 40 percent level; and Whereas, Because the promised federal funding level is not being met, the burden has fallen on states and local school dis-tricts, which leads to cuts in programs, or tax increases, or both; and Whereas, A bill stands on the floor of the United States House of Representatives, H.R. 2902, known as the IDEA Full Funding Act, that aims to reach the 40 percent ‘‘full fund-ing’’ level by the fiscal year 2027 through in-cremental increases in the federal share of funding each fiscal year: now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate and the Assembly of the State of California, jointly, That the Legis-lature respectfully memorializes the Con-gress and the President of the United States to enact H.R. 2902 pending before Congress that would fully fund IDEA; and be it further Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate transmit copies of this resolution to the President and Vice President of the United States, to the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives, to the Majority Leader of the Senate, to the Chair of the Senate Com-mittee on the Budget, to the Chair of the House Committee on the Budget, to the Sen-ate Committee on Appropriations, to the Chair of the House Committee on Appropria-tions, to each Senator and Representative from California in the Congress of the United States, and to the United States Secretary of Education. 
POM–294. A joint resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of California calling upon the President of the United States and the United States Congress to enact legisla-tion that provides more funding for research to be done on potential treatment and cures for rare diseases; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. S
ENATE JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 25, Whereas, Batten Disease is a family of rare genetic disorders of the nervous system that typically begins in childhood; and Whereas, There are many forms of Batten Disease, and the mutations of at least 14 dif-ferent genes are known to cause the disease; and Whereas, Symptoms of the fatal disease in-clude vision loss leading to blindness, per-sonality and behavioral changes, seizures, in-tellectual decline, disruption and loss of speech,’ dementia, and other debilitating ail-ments; and Whereas, Depending on the age of onset, Batten Disease usually leads to premature death when the patient is in his or her late teens or early twenties; and Whereas, Batten Disease occurs in an esti-mated two to four of every 100,000 births in the United States; and Whereas, Due to the many different forms of the disease, there is significant variability in the age of onset and symptom progression for each case; and Whereas, On average, the process to reach the correct diagnosis for a patient with a rare disease could take up to 7.6 years, visits with numerous physicians, and multiple misdiagnoses; and Whereas, There is no known cure for Bat-ten Disease, and the lack of essential funding has hindered scientists’ ability to find a po-tential treatment or cure; and Whereas, The federal government failed to pass House Resolution 971 introduced by Representative Gus Bilirakis in the 114th Congress, which represented an effort to in-crease the number of treatments for rare dis-eases, reduce the use of drugs that are not approved by the federal Food and Drug Ad-ministration (FDA), and bring down the av-erage cost of rare disease medications; and Whereas, The federal government has not done enough to provide funding for rare dis-eases, and 95 percent of the 7,000 rare dis-eases still have no FDA-approved treatment: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate and the Assembly of the State of California, jointly, That the Legis-lature does hereby proclaim the weekend of June 2, 2018, through June 3, 2018, as Batten Disease Awareness Weekend; and be it fur-ther Resolved, That the Legislature calls upon the President and Congress of the United States to enact legislation that provides more funding for research to be done on po-tential treatment and cures for rare diseases; and be it further Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate transmit copies of this resolution to the President and Vice President of the United States, to the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives, to the Majority Leader of the Senate, and to each Senator and Representa-tive from California in the Congress of the United States. POM–295. A joint resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of California memo-rializing its opposition to the decision to end the Temporary Protected Status designation for the people of El Salvador, Honduras, Haiti, Nicaragua, and Sudan, and urging the United States Congress to enact a bipar-tisan, permanent solution for Salvadorans, Haitians, Nicaraguans, Hondurans, and Su-danese with Temporary Protected Status; to the Committee on the Judiciary. S
ENATE JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 16 Whereas, Temporary Protected Status (TPS) was established by the United States Congress through the Immigration Act of 1990, and is a temporary, renewable program that provides relief from deportation and ac-cess to a work permit for foreign nationals from certain countries who are unable to safely return to their home countries due to natural disasters, armed conflicts, or other extraordinary conditions; and Whereas, The TPS program provides com-passion, generosity, and human rights to law abiding immigrants; and Whereas, The TPS designation for El Sal-vador was terminated by the Trump adminis-tration, effective September 9, 2019; and Whereas, The TPS designation for Nica-ragua was terminated by the Trump admin-istration, effective January 5, 2019; and Whereas, The TPS designation for Haiti was terminated by the Trump administra-tion, effective July 22, 2019; and Whereas, The TPS designation for Sudan was terminated by the Trump administra-tion, effective November 2, 2018; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Aug 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27AU6.015 S27AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5954 August 27, 2018 
Whereas, The current TPS designation for Honduras expires on July 5, 2018; and Whereas, These humanitarian programs have enabled 413,390 immigrants to live, work, and raise families in the United States, in some cases for over two decades; and Whereas, Data collected from a nationwide survey of immigrants holding TPS found that TPS has contributed positively to the socioeconomic integration of these immi-grants, benefiting them, their families, and United States society in general; and Whereas, TPS holders have significantly high levels of labor force participation: 94 percent of men and 82.1 percent of women are working, with 83.3 percent of men and 54.9 percent of women working more than 40 hours per week, and 7.6 percent of men and 10.0 percent of women working more than one job. About one-tenth of survey respond-ents were self-employed (men 13.4 percent, women 7.8 percent); and Whereas, Among survey respondents, 33.6 percent of men and 29.9 percent of women live in owner-occupied homes; and Whereas, The percentage of the survey re-spondents who in that nationwide survey volunteered in civic organizations, commit-tees, or community groups in the 12 months prior to the survey is 29.7 percent, showing high levels of social integration. Also, 20.2 percent of survey respondents engaged in ac-tivities to benefit their community, includ-ing donating blood, cleaning streets, and other similar activities; and Whereas, The percentage of survey re-spondents who pay income taxes is 80.3 per-cent, including 79.3 percent of those who are self-employed. They have contributed to so-cial security for an average of 15.4 years and 90 percent file taxes every year; and Whereas, United States citizen children whose American families are a part of the TPS program should not be torn apart by the end of this program and by the potential de-portation of their parents; and Whereas, Immigrants with disqualifying criminal backgrounds are not eligible for TPS relief and the United States Depart-ment of Homeland Security should work to ensure that no one with such a background is granted TPS if the programs are renewed; and Whereas, TPS holders have already ful-filled many of the requirements for lawful permanent residence and the overwhelming majority hold at least one job, pay taxes and pay for their own insurance, have clean criminal records as these checks are required with every renewal, and have demonstrated that they have the will to belong and to be-come full members of society through home ownership and raising children in the United States. Many TPS holders also have contin-ued to advance educationally; and Whereas, Only the Congress of the United States can legislate a permanent solution to address the lawful immigration status for those protected by TPS; now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate and the Assembly of the State of California, jointly, That the Legis-lature condemns the decision to end the Temporary Protected Status designation for the people of El Salvador, Honduras, Haiti, Nicaragua, and Sudan; and be it further Resolved, That the Legislature urges the Congress of the United States to extend the federal Temporary Protected Status for the people of El Salvador, Honduras, Haiti, Nica-ragua, and Sudan; and be it further Resolved, That the Legislature urges the Congress of the United States to take the re-mainder of the time before the effective date of termination of each federal Temporary Protected Status program to enact a bipar-tisan, permanent solution for establishing the permanent legal status for Salvadorans, Haitians, Nicaraguans, Hondurans, and Su-danese with Temporary Protected Status who were granted Temporary Protected Sta-tus and have lived and worked in the United States for many years; and be it further Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate transmit copies of this resolution to the President and the Vice President of the United States, to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, to the Majority Leader of the Senate; to each Senator and Representa-tive from California in the Congress of the United States, and to the author for appro-priate distribution. 
POM–296. A resolution adopted by the City Council of Seaside, California urging its state and federal representatives to adopt stricter controls governing the sale, transfer, possession, manufacturing, and distribution of all firearms, dangerous weapons, and am-munition; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. POM–297. A petition from a citizen of the State of Texas relative to the appropriation of funds for financial aid to foreign nations; to the Committee on Appropriations. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 1092. A bill to protect the right of law- abiding citizens to transport knives inter-state, notwithstanding a patchwork of local and State prohibitions (Rept. No. 115–327). f 
EXECUTIVE REPORT OF COMMITTEE The following executive report of a nomination was submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON for the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. *Carmen Guerricagoitia McLean, of the District of Columbia, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for the term of fifteen years. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mrs. CAPITO: S. 3389. A bill to redesignate a facility of the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. BROWN: S. 3390. A bill to establish an Education Recoupment Trust Fund to recover misused elementary and secondary education funds for the benefit of the affected students; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. M
CCONNELL , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. A LEX-
ANDER , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. B URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C AR-
PER, Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C ASSIDY , Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. C
ORNYN , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. C OT-
TON, Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E
RNST , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G RASSLEY , Ms. H
ARRIS , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H
EINRICH , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. H
ELLER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H OEVEN , Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I
SAKSON , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. J ONES , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K ING, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R
EED, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S
ASSE, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S COTT, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S
MITH, Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. Y OUNG ): S. Res. 619. A resolution relative to the death of the Honorable John Sidney McCain, III, a Senator from the State of Arizona; con-sidered and agreed to. By Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ): S. Con. Res. 43. A concurrent resolution providing for the use of the catafalque situ-ated in the Exhibition Hall of the Capitol Visitor Center in connection with memorial services to be conducted in the rotunda of the Capitol for the Honorable John Sidney McCain, III, late a Senator from the State of Arizona; considered and agreed to. By Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ): S. Con. Res. 44. A concurrent resolution au-thorizing the use of the rotunda of the Cap-itol for the lying in state of the remains of the late Honorable John Sidney McCain, III; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 326 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 326, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for the tax-exempt financing of certain government-owned buildings. 
S. 783 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 783, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to distribute maternity care health professionals to health pro-fessional shortage areas identified as in need of maternity care health services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Aug 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27AU6.019 S27AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5955 August 27, 2018 
S. 796 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 796, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the ex-clusion for employer-provided edu-cation assistance to employer pay-ments of student loans. 
S. 1042 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1042, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code to exclude Segal Americorps Education Awards and re-lated awards from income. 
S. 1152 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1152, a bill to create protections for depository institutions that provide financial services to cannabis-related businesses, and for other purposes. 
S. 2076 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2076, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the expansion of activities related to Alzheimer’s dis-ease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Disease and Healthy Aging Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2415 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2415, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to stream-line enrollment of certain Medicaid providers and suppliers across State lines, and for other purposes. 
S. 2554 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2554, a bill to ensure that health insurance issuers and group health plans do not prohibit pharmacy providers from providing certain infor-mation to enrollees. 
S. 2823 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ), the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2823, a bill to modernize copyright law, and for other purposes. 
S. 3038 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3038, a bill to assist in the conservation of the North Atlantic right whale by supporting and pro-viding financial resources for North At-lantic right whale conservation pro-grams and projects of persons with ex-pertise required for the conservation of North Atlantic right whales. 
S. 3057 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. BOOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3057, a bill to provide for the proc-essing by U.S. Customs and Border Protection of certain international mail shipments and to require the pro-vision of advance electronic informa-tion on international mail shipments of mail. 
S. 3170 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3170, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to make certain changes to the reporting requirement of certain service providers regarding child sexual exploitation visual depic-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 3172 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3172, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish, fund, and provide for the use of amounts in a National Park Service Legacy Restora-tion Fund to address the maintenance backlog of the National Park Service, and for other purposes. 
S. 3290 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3290, a bill to require the Sec-retary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the centennial of the establishment of the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier. 
S. 3341 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3341, a bill to encourage the re-search and use of innovative materials and associated techniques in the con-struction and preservation of the do-mestic transportation and water infra-structure system, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3352 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3352, a bill to direct the Secretary of Transportation to issue regulations relating to commercial motor vehicle drivers under the age of 21, and for other purposes. 
S. 3354 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3354, a bill to amend the Missing Children’s Assistance Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 3359 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ), the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ), the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) and the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3359, a bill to posthumously award a Congressional Gold Medal to Aretha Franklin in rec-ognition of her contributions of out-standing artistic and historical signifi-cance to culture in the United States. S. 3363 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3363, a bill to support States in their work to end preventable morbidity and mortality in maternity care by using evidence-based quality improvement to protect the health of mothers during pregnancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum period and to re-duce neonatal and infant mortality, to eliminate racial disparities in mater-nal health outcomes, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3388 
At the request of Mr. T ILLIS , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3388, a bill to amend the Health Insurance Portability and Ac-countability Act. 
S. RES. 525 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from Mas-sachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 525, a resolution designating September 2018 as National Democracy Month as a time to reflect on the contributions of the system of government of the United States to a more free and stable world. At the request of Mr. G
RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 525, supra. 
S. RES. 613 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 613, a resolution re-questing a report on the observance of and respect for human rights and fun-damental freedom in Saudi Arabia. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 619—REL-ATIVE TO THE DEATH OF THE HONORABLE JOHN SIDNEY M
CCAIN, III, A SENATOR FROM THE STATE OF ARIZONA Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. M
CCON-
NELL , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. A LEXANDER , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. B EN-
NET, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B
URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C
ASSIDY , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C
ORKER , Mr. C ORNYN , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. D AINES , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E
RNST , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G RASSLEY , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Aug 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27AU6.022 S27AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5956 August 27, 2018 
Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H
EINRICH , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. H ELL-
ER, Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H OEVEN , Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. J ONES , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. K ING, Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. L
EE, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. M
URPHY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. N EL-
SON, Mr. P AUL, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R EED, Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. S COTT, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. S
HELBY , Ms. S MITH, Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. S
ULLIVAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. Y OUNG ) submitted the following resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 619 Whereas the Honorable John Sidney McCain, III, was born in 1936 at the Coco Solo Naval Air Station in the Panama Canal zone and was the son and grandson of 4 Star Admirals in the United States Navy; Whereas John Sidney McCain, III, attended the United States Naval Academy, graduated in 1958 and went on to serve in the United States Navy from 1959 to 1981; Whereas the Honorable John Sidney McCain, III, was a naval aviator, flying mis-sions from an aircraft carrier and survived a tragic explosion on the USS Forrestal, which claimed 134 lives; Whereas on October 26, 1967, during his 23rd air mission, the Honorable John Sidney McCain, III, was shot down over Hanoi dur-ing the Vietnam War and held as a prisoner of war until his release on March 14, 1973, having refused early release until all pris-oners were set free; Whereas the Honorable John Sidney McCain, III, was awarded the Silver Star, two Legion of Merit awards, the Distin-guished Flying Cross, three Bronze Star Medals, two Purple Hearts, two Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medals and the Prisoner of War Medal for his distinguished and faithful service in the Navy; Whereas the Honorable John Sidney McCain, III, was elected to Congress from the State of Arizona in 1982 and served in the House of Representatives, ably serving Ari-zona’s 1st District until 1986; Whereas the Honorable John Sidney McCain, III, was elected to the United States Senate in 1986 and re-elected by the people of Arizona 5 more times; Whereas during his years in the Senate, the Honorable John Sidney McCain, III, served as the Chairman of the Senate Com-merce, Science and Transportation Com-mittee; Chairman of the Select Committee on Indian Affairs; and was serving as Chair-man of the Armed Services Committee at the time of his death; Whereas the Honorable John Sidney McCain, III, won the Republican nomination for President of the United States in 2008; Whereas the Honorable John Sidney McCain, III, was a tireless advocate for serv-icemen and veterans; for international human rights and freedom; for responsible federal spending and campaign finance re-form; for immigration reform and national defense; Whereas his efforts on behalf of the citi-zens of Arizona and all Americans, earned him the esteem and high regard of his col-leagues and his tenacity and independence earned him the moniker ‘‘Maverick’’; Whereas his death has deprived his State and Nation of an outstanding lawmaker and public servant: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate has heard with profound sorrow and deep regret the an-nouncement of the death of the Honorable John Sidney McCain, III, a Senator from the State of Arizona. Resolved, That the Secretary of the Sen-ate communicate these resolutions to the House of Representatives and transmit an enrolled copy thereof to the family of the de-ceased. Resolved, That when the Senate adjourns today, it stand adjourned as a further mark of respect to the memory of the deceased Senator. f SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 43—PROVIDING FOR THE USE OF THE CATAFALQUE SITU-ATED IN THE EXHIBITION HALL OF THE CAPITOL VISITOR CEN-TER IN CONNECTION WITH ME-MORIAL SERVICES TO BE CON-DUCTED IN THE ROTUNDA OF THE CAPITOL FOR THE HONOR-ABLE JOHN SIDNEY M
CCAIN, III, LATE A SENATOR FROM THE STATE OF ARIZONA Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR ) submitted the following con-current resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. C ON. RES. 43 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That the Architect of the Capitol is authorized and directed to transfer the catafalque which is situated in the Exhibition Hall of the Capitol Visitor Center to the rotunda of the Capitol so that such catafalque may be used in connection with services to be conducted there for the Honorable John Sidney McCain, III, late a Senator from the State of Arizona and for-merly a Representative from that State. f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 44—AUTHORIZING THE USE OF THE ROTUNDA OF THE CAP-ITOL FOR THE LYING IN STATE OF THE REMAINS OF THE LATE HONORABLE JOHN SIDNEY M
CCAIN, III Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR ) submitted the following con-current resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. C ON. RES. 44 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That in recognition of the long and distinguished service ren-dered to the Nation by John Sidney McCain, III, a Senator from the State of Arizona and formerly a Representative from that State, his remains be permitted to lie in state in the rotunda of the Capitol on August 31 and September 1, 2018, and the Architect of the Capitol, under the direction of the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives, shall take all necessary steps for the accomplishment of that purpose. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr President, I have a request for one committee to meet during today’s session of the Sen-ate. It has the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committee is author-ized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Monday, August 27, 2018, at 5:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing on the nomination of Carmen McLean, to be an Associate Judge, Superior Court of the District of Columbia. 
f 
RELATIVE TO THE DEATH OF THE HONORABLE JOHN SIDNEY M
CCAIN, III, A SENATOR FROM THE STATE OF ARIZONA Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 619, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 619) relative to the death of the Honorable John Sidney McCain, III, a Senator from the State of Arizona. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 619) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
PROVIDING FOR THE USE OF THE CATAFALQUE SITUATED IN THE EXHIBITION HALL OF THE CAP-ITOL VISITOR CENTER Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Con. Res. 43. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 43) providing for the use of the catafalque situ-ated in the Exhibition Hall of the Capitol Visitor Center in connection with memorial services to be conducted in the rotunda of the Capitol for the Honorable John Sidney McCain, III, late a Senator from the State of Arizona. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Aug 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27AU6.031 S27AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5957 August 27, 2018 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the con-current resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 43) was agreed to. (The concurrent resolution is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
AUTHORIZING USE OF THE CAPITOL ROTUNDA Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Con. Res. 44. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 44) authorizing the use of the rotunda of the Capitol for the lying in state of the remains of the late Honorable John Sidney McCain, III. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the con-current resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 44) was agreed to. (The concurrent resolution is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, AUGUST 28, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, August 28; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to execu-tive session to resume consideration of the Johnson nomination under the pre-vious order; finally, that the Senate re-cess from 12:30 p.m. to 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meet-ings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order under the provisions of S. Res. 619. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:54 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, August 28, 2018, at 10 a.m. f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
MARSHALL BILLINGSLEA, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN UNDER SECRETARY OF STATE (CIVILIAN SECURITY, DE-MOCRACY, AND HUMAN RIGHTS), VICE SARAH SEWALL, RESIGNED. MATTHEW JOHN MATTHEWS, OF VIRGINIA, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO BRUNEI DARUSSALAM. ERIC GEORGE NELSON, OF TEXAS, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO BOSNIA AND HERZEGOVINA. 
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION  
ROBERT L. KING, OF KENTUCKY, TO BE ASSISTANT SEC-RETARY FOR POSTSECONDARY EDUCATION, DEPART-MENT OF EDUCATION, VICE EDUARDO M. OCHOA . 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
DAVID L. ANDERSON, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE MELINDA L. HAAG, TERM EXPIRED. 
THE JUDICIARY  
BRIDGET S. BADE, OF ARIZONA, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT, VICE BARRY G. SILVERMAN, RETIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
LAWRENCE KEEFE, OF FLORIDA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE PAMELA COTHRAN MARSH, RESIGNED. 
THE JUDICIARY  
ALLISON JONES RUSHING, OF NORTH CAROLINA, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE FOURTH CIR-CUIT, VICE ALLYSON K. DUNCAN, RETIRING. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
DREW H. WRIGLEY, OF NORTH DAKOTA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF NORTH DA-KOTA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE TIMOTHY Q. PURDON, TERM EXPIRED. 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
ANDREW P. BESSETTE MICHAEL E. BOZEK FORREST A. BROWN CARL C. CHASE III DANIEL D. CLOUTIER RAUL E. CUEVAS PETER J. DEIULIIS KEVIN K. F. DOE RYAN T. DOYLE DAVID M. DREYER MICHAEL J. DUFFY MICHAEL B. EBERHART MICHAEL J. FEENEY ARTHUR E. GRIFFIN JOSHUA A. HALL KIMBERLY A. HERM BRIAN G. MACK CHRISTIAN U. MARTINEZ TRAVIS R. MYERS TAIBATU E. I. OBASI JOHN P. ORR JOHN M. PARIZEK DON PASTEUR MATTHEW A. PINE MATTHEW K. RIEGE JEREMIAH P. SMITH ALEXANDRIA M. SOVIE KYLE P. STRAUSBAUGH SAMUEL C. TATEL CHRISTOPHER A. THOMAS ROBERT J. THOMPSON MATHEW J. WARD JUSTIN P. WEBB MICHELLE T. WIJAS CHRISTOPHER M. WILLICH OLIVER J. WISE STANLEY R. WORTHINGTON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be lieutenant commander 
MARK A. A. ABADILLA PAOLO A. ACEDERA MARCELLO A. ALCANTAR MATTHEW ALLBAUGH SARAH M. ANDERSON CLAUDIA L. BATTLE ROBERT H. BERGER MELISSA M. BOKAN CARRIE E. BRATTON ANY BRENES CAITLIN B. BRION LAURABETH K. BROGDON MICHELLE M. BROWN SARAH J. L. BUSH JASON D. CALDWELL AUGUSTA M. CHAVEZ FRANCENE E. COLE CHRISTINA K. COLLAZO WILLIE R. COLLINS, JR. TATIANA CROSBY ANGELA L. CUMMISKEY DAVID P. CUMMISKEY STEPHANY J. DANIELL MICHAEL J. DAVIDSON RESEL V. DEPPEN THOMAS L. DIGGS LAUREN E. DINAN KIZZY H. DUNCAN JERRIEALLEN F. ECHON TERESA A. EDOUARD DAVID K. EDWARDS SHANNON L. EVANS TANIKKA R. EVANS ANUEL FELIPE NITA FLORES ERIN M. FOLSTAD KELLY A. FULKS ERIN L. GAGLIANO GARY T. GALICINAO JACQUELINE M. GEMME JOSHUA H. GILLIAM MARISSA V. GONZALEZ JESSIE L. GORMAN KELLIE J. HANEY THOMAS M. HENRY MARISSA A. HESSE SHARON M. HOFF SIERRA W. HOWELL SARAH K. HULL HADDE E. JACOBS CYLYNE A. JAMES AARON D. JOHNSON JUSTIN J. JOHNSON SUE M. KIM ALLISON A. KRETCHMAN GARY O. G. LACCAY JOSHUA T. LANGE MICHAEL D. LANTHORN II SAHEED A. LATEEF TARAH B. LEWIS LOGAN A. MANKO ZENA P. MARASHI RACHEL A. MARSH PATRICK W. MATTOX CHAIA E. MCADAMS MARISA L. MCCULLERS JOSEPH A. MELCHI RYANJON A. MILAN JESSICA A. MILLER MARGARET P. MITZKEWICH JUANMANUEL MONGEPEREZ FERRAN MORA JESSICA N. NARANJO AMBER L. NEAL JULIAN PANOLLI AMANDA M. PARTNER NEAL C. PETERSEN JONATHAN L. PHILLIPS MARYLOU C. PROANO ALEXIA M. QIU KRISTEL D. RAMSAY CHARLENE S. REESE JIMMIE G. RIFFLE II FRANCISCO G. RIOJAS GABRIEL R. RODRIGUEZ STEPHANIE M. ROSHOLT ERIC A. SANCHEZ LAUREN E. SCHUETZ ALISON M. SCHURMAN TABITHA S. SHANNON KELSO E. SHARP II KENNETH F. SIERLEJA TERESA L. SIKES SHANNON B. SMITH MEAGHAN R. SNYDER MARK C. SORIANO AMY L. STARLING LIZA STONE SHEILA A. SWEENEY JOHN W. TRANBERG III MELISSA K. TRONCOZO MARSHALL A. TRUDELL RITA M. TURNER THERESA J. VELDHOUSE JENTRY E. VRANIANWADE ERICA S. WADDELL FAGWENLANITA R. WALKER KARRI L. WASHBON LYNETTE M. WATERFIELD CANDICE M. WEST RACHEL S. WHITE SHAWN M. WILHELM MEGHANN K. WILSON YOLANDA T. WILSON NEVIN YAZICI 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Aug 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G27AU6.021 S27AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5958 August 27, 2018 
JOHN S. YOHANNAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
ADAM C. ALIANO KELEIGH ANDERSON KATHRYN D. BEARD TADD C. BLAIR PHILIP E. BREUDER WARREN L. BROOKES JOSEPH S. BROWN MATTHEW J. BUDOW ASHLEY S. CLAYTON MICHAEL D. COLLETT CHRISTIN E. COTTEN EMILY A. DANIELS OMER DURU, JR. JOHN P. FOLEY ALEXANDRA J. GIOIELLO JOANNA M. GONZALES CHRISTINE R. HAGEDORN SIMONE S. HARBAS NICHOLAS J. S. INNS ELIZABETH J. JARCZYK BRIAN P. JOHN SAHAR JOOSHANI OLIVER M. KIEFER KELLY M. KOHLHOFER MICHAEL S. LAWLER DANIEL R. MANGUAL EMIL MARCINSKAS VICTOR L. MARQUEZ JASON R. MASTERSON DANIEL R. MCGINLEY BRADLEY F. MEYER RYAN A. MOONEY WILLIAM M. MORRISON JAMES E. MOSIMANN III KYMBERLY L. MURPHY BRADLEY D. NEWSAD ALYSSA K. NICHOL ANN T. OAKES CONOR L. OBRIEN SHAUN M. PEHL MICHAELA A. REARDON CHRISTOPHER K. RIEDEL RACHEL F. SUSSMAN RYAN J. SYLVESTER JOHN C. WHITE SHARLENA Y. WILLIAMS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
WILLIAM A. AGBO BILLY L. AGUIRRE ANTHONY C. ALLEN APRIL R. ALLEN ERIC E. ANDERSON JESSICA T. ATTERBURY TEMITOPE O. AYENI DANIEL A. BABSKIE LETICIA D. J. BANKER ELLIS L. BANKS II JAMES N. BARLOW WILLIAM F. BECKER MAYA N. BELL PHILLIP M. BELL STEVE J. BELL MANUEL H. BELTRAN MARIO A. BENCIVENGA AMANDA E. BERG DAVID B. BERLIN RICHARD J. BLY AMANDA F. BOUDREAUX SARAH J. H. BROWER LISA A. BROWN ARIEL R. CAMPBELL DAVID J. CAVALLARIO DEREK J. CHAMBERLAIN FRANCISCO R. CHAVEZ MICHAEL J. COLLINS CHRISTOPHER L. CONBOY JOSHUA D. CORBRIDGE NOEL M. COTE JENNIFER L. CRAIG CYNTHIA B. CRAWFORD TERENCE J. CUSACK IV BRIAN S. DAVIDSON MONICA I. DECLETWHITING JOHN C. DELANO BRIAN C. DESIDERIO ARI S. DOUCETTE JOSEPH EDOUARD LINDA M. ELLIOTT ERIK L. ENGLISH RICHARD H. FAIL JAMES T. FALKNER JENNY M. FRASCO JASON B. FUCHS LANA M. FURNISH VIVIENNE O. GALASSOALEXANDER JOSEPH W. GEESEMAN TIMOTHY L. GEORGE CARL J. GLIENKE NEAL C. GOEBEL STEPHANIE GOLLA NICOLE K. GONZALEZ AMELIA G. GRADWELL SHELLITA F. GREEN PAMELA K. GREGORY NELSON H. GUADALUPE DAVID D. GUAJARDO CLARK K. HARTLEY JAMES F. HARWOOD SELENA M. HAYES BRANDON J. HESTER AARON J. HILL CAROLYNN A. HINE JUSTIN W. HOBLET BRIAN J. HOLBROOK TAMORA L. HOLLAND CAROLYN J. HOLMAN NATASHA M. HOUSTON PETER L. JEANLOUIS JASON P. JENSEN JERMAINE T. JOHNSON JAMES K. JONES ERIKA M. KAHEAKUENHADA DONALD J. KALLAIL III MICHAEL G. KELSO TAJ D. KING JENNIFER A. KNAPP JOHN K. KNOREK KEITH M. LAFFMAN MELISSA D. LAIRD MICHELLE H. LANE JAMES D. LARSEN WILLIAM K. LAWSON, JR. MICHELLE A. LEA ALBERT J. S. LEE SAMANTHA E. LETIZIO SANDRA LOCKETT MARTHA A. E. LOE RONALD R. LORENZO REBEKAH L. MACASKILL NIKOLAS A. MATOSMAKRIS JOSEPH J. MAYR NAKIMA V. MCCORMACK PATRICK W. MCGUIRE BRANDON O. MCLAMB TIMOTHY E. MCVEIGH CHANTAL E. MELOSCIA ELISA S. MENCK REY B. MENE MICHAEL J. MESSICK, JR. EDWARD T. MILLER MATTHEW E. MILSTEIN PATRICK J. MITCHELL KENNETH L. MIZE, JR. JAY A. MORRISON EMILY K. MULVEY JOSEPH H. MUSMANNO ERIKA T. NANCE DANIEL F. NARANJO JASON R. NIVEN NATHAN D. NOAKES ISAAC M. K. NYANGENA JONATHAN F. OAKES CHRISTOPHER S. OEHRLEIN NNAMDI G. OHAERI MICHAEL T. OLEARY ANDREW S. OLSON JONATHAN M. PALMER REBECCA L. PAVLICEK JESSE R. PENDERGRASS CHRISTOPHER Y. PETERS NICHOLAS C. PETIKAS MARK D. PEUGEOT DIANE M. PIETILA JAYPEE A. PUNZAL HARRY Z. QUI DANIELLE N. RAKICH DERRICK N. RANDLE AMANDA J. RANDLES KRISTOFFER S. B. REYES LUCAS L. RICKER BRAD A. RIVERA ARTHUR C. ROSETE DUANE S. ROWE, JR. JULIETTE D. RUFF ARTHUR S. RUPPERT BRANDON J. RUSSELL ANGELA R. SADOSKY RACHEL M. SARGEANT KATHLEEN M. SAUL STETSON R. SCHMITT ASHLEY M. SHENBERGERHESS FEI SIU DONALD M. SKELTON WILLIAM A. SMITHSON LAUREN V. SPECHT TANYA M. SPELLMAN MICHAEL C. STEELE KEVIN R. STEPHENS, JR. JESSE S. STEWART VIRGIL R. STROBRIDGE CHRISTOPHER M. SUSZKO KEI A. J. T. TATE ADAM B. TOMLINSON CALEB H. TRACY STACEY M. TRIMNER NIKO O. VAHAMAKI THOMAS D. VAUGHAN PAULA S. VOLK JEFFREY D. VORWALD ERICK W. WARPULA ALISHA L. WEBB THEODORE C. WHEELER VERONICA H. WHITE REGINALD C. WHITTAKER SOBONDO J. WILSON ANGELA M. WOFFORD GREGORY A. WOLFLEY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be lieutenant commander 
BENJAMIN P. ARCHER JASON L. BARRETT CHRISTOPHER T. BARTH REBECCA A. BERG DANIELLE P. BERKOWITZ WILLIAM S. BLACKMORE KATHLEEN B. BOLAND DUSTIN A. BOND ASHLEY K. BREWINGTON KRYSTAL H. BURNS DAVID P. BURR BRADLEY K. CAMMACK CATHERINE E. CARLO NICHOLAS F. CROSSLAND MICHAEL C. DEFAZIO NOEL E. DICKENS AMANDA N. DYER TYSON A. ELLENBECKER ERIK A. ENGELBREKTSON KURT A. ERIKSSON CHASE W. FETTERS JULIANA C. FILA BROC A. FLORES ELIAS D. GONZALEZ JOHN H. GREINER ERIC P. HEIM CRAIG E. HOFFERBER PHILLIP A. JAKUBOWICZ WILSON S. JING IAN J. KAEMMER DYLAN J. KEENER ANDREW R. KNOFCZYNSKI ANDREW J. KNUDSON CATHERN N. KRUPINSKI KURT A. LANGENDERFER WALTER S. LANGKAU ARBEL MAGHSOODPOUR CHRISTOPHER G. MALIKEN ANTHONY J. MARIN TREVY K. MARTIN MARY C. MCGINN COLEMAN D. MEADOWS RUSSELL L. NEAL TAYLOR A. PARKER SARAH J. PASCH LISA C. PERRONE STEPHANIE L. ROADARMEL MARK D. RYAN LULU F. SCHAEFER JOHANNES N. SEYWERD BENJAMIN L. STALLER STEPHEN C. THOMAS TUAN N. TRAN MICHAEL J. URBAITIS TRAVIS J. VERTOLLI TYLER S. WAY JOSHUA A. WEENIG RYAN J. WINKS MICHAEL K. YANG THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
JACOB A. ADAMS REES O. ADOMAKO TEDDY G. AJERO, JR. LAUREN M. ALDERSON AEA C. ALEX REBECCA M. ALLEN SCOTT T. ALLEN DANIELLE C. ANDERSON SARAH L. ANDERSON BENJAMIN J. ARCHER RYAN P. AUSTIN CRISTINA J. BACHO ALANNA B. BALBONI KATHRYN R. BARBANTE BRENT M. BARBOUR BENJAMIN G. BARRENA CLETE W. BARRICK JONETTE M. BARTLETT ELIZABETH M. BAUER JOSHUA T. BAUTZ MICHAEL C. BAXTER MARGRET E. BEDLE MATTHEW T. BISCOTTI FELICIA A. BLAIS SCOTT M. BLANCHET DANI C. BLISS ADAM S. BLOOM CHRISTINA L. BLUM KATHERINE A. BONDS MICHELLE A. BONGIORNO REBECCA L. BRAMBLE DANIELLE A. BRIDEN JONATHAN J. BRISSON EMILY S. BROWN JONATHAN C. BROWN KWAME BUABENG BRITTANY R. BURNS ALLISON M. BUSH SUSANNA M. BYRNE NOELLE B. CADOTTE PAUL C. CAMPBELL JOHN W. CANCIAN MATTHEW J. CARR MATTHEW G. CASE JOHN C. C. CHIN OLIVER J. E. CHIONG JOSEPH C. CIHLAR AMY M. CONDOS GREGORY J. CONDOS JAMES J. CONTESTABLE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Aug 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A27AU6.002 S27AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5959 August 27, 2018 
AMY B. CORNELL WESLEY C. COWAN EMILY A. CROOM BRIAN P. CURRY DIAN K. DAHER MILAN D. DANGVU LIAM F. DELAHANTY SEAN M. DENNIG MARVIN E. DINGLE SUZAN E. DION ALANA R. DONALDSON BRIAN P. DOUGHERTY JOHN R. DRYDEN APRIL R. DUE SAMIH E. ELAKKAD KAYLEEN E. ELSBREE DONALD C. ENGLE DAVID ESPINOZA KIMBERLY A. EVERETT JUANITA E. FARFAN KENNETH R. FAUBEL NICHOLAS R. FIACCO ROBERT D. FIELD KRISTIN J. FINN JAMES A. FISHER PAUL E. FLOOD, JR. JENNIFER R. FOLEY SEAN P. F. FOLEY CAITLIN B. FORD SARAH E. FORD NICOLETTA V. FRANKENSTEIN CHARLES O. FULLENWIDER LAURA J. GILBERT PHILLIP D. GUAJARDO JAMES D. HADDAD BRANDON R. HADFIELD JOHN T. HAGGERTY BENJAMEN P. HALL LAURA J. HAMMON VINCENZO C. HAPPACH SERENNAH E. HARDING JAMES M. HARRISON NICHOLAS J. HEALY CHRISTINE M. HERFORTH AARON B. HICKS DANIEL K. HODGE, JR. ANDREW J. HOGAN MARK C. HUBBARD STEPHEN M. HUGHES SCOTT B. HUGHEY CHRISTINA M. JAMROS ERIK D. JOHNSON LUKE R. JOHNSTON MEGAN E. JOLICOEUR ERIC P. JONES KELLY L. JONES MEGHA R. JOSHI VIENNA G. H. KATANA NATHAN P. KERESTES KEVIN T. KEYS SANG I. KIM KYLE J. KINDERKNECHT HANNAH E. KIRBY OSKAR KIZHNER MEGAN E. KLOCEK SAMUEL Y. KO FRANCISCO C. KORTMAN JEFFREY A. KRAUSE ADRIANNA I. KYLE MATTHEW J. LAIL MATTHEW D. LANDON TRAVIS O. LANDRY MATTHEW L. LEATHERMAN KATHERINE J. LEE STEVE G. W. LEE AUDREY C. S. LIVESEY MICHAEL L. LLOYD DONALD W. LOCK II CHAD M. LOMAS ANN LONG NICHOLAS P. LOPREIATO ANNE LYLE ALEC F. MACDONALD JEREMY J. MANDIA TIGHE N. MARRONE KASTLEY M. MARVIN LAURA A. MCCAIN PAUL D. MCCLAIN MARK O. MCINTURFF JEANNETTE M. MCINTYRE ROBERT B. MCLENDON COLIN T. MCNAMARA JAMES E. MCNICHOLAS, JR. BRYN T. MEREDITH MATTHEW T. MIDDENDORF SAMANTHA J. MIKALS MIGUEL A. MONTOYAVILLAGOMEZ AARON L. MOODY ANDREW C. MOORE CHRISTOPHER M. MURPHY AUSTIN C. NABET KYLE E. NAPPO DANIEL C. NEUBAUER RACHEL A. NEUBERT LAN A. T. NGUYEN SAMUEL A. NICOLAS MEGAN R. NORTHUP RYAN T. OCHS SEAN P. OUIMET ANTHONY J. PACINI MICHAEL A. PARENTEAU MATTHEW J. PARROTT MAYA E. PAYNE ALFREDO PEREZ GUILLERMO PEREZ III ELYSE M. PERTOT HY G. PHAM RICHARD A. PLASSE JOSE L. G. PLATA JAMES H. PRIM JACKSON C. PUGH CODY J. RALL NANDA RAMCHANDAR AMY J. REED MATTHEW F. REGAN KATY M. REICHLIN ROBERTO C. REYNAGA CHRISTOPHER J. RICHMOND KELLY M. RICHMOND RYAN R. RICHMOND CHARLES V. RINEHART NICHOLAS R. ROCCO JOSEPH D. RODERIQUE STEPHEN E. RODRIGUEZ THEODORE H. ROGERS STEFAN W. ROZYCKI LAURA R. RUBIO OLEG A. RYABININ KRYSTLE M. SALAZAR MATTHEW R. SARA JEFFREY M. SCHAFER BRIAN SCHEXNAYDER RUDY F. SCHMIEDECKE PAUL E. SEALES LISA M. SEAWRIGHT SCOTT W. SEIDER MITCHELL M. SELCO SPENCER E. W. SHIRK ELIZABETH M. SLAMA NATALIE E. SLEPSKI ALFRED G. SMITH SCOTT H. SNYDER THOMAS M. SPEARS ANDREW J. SPIRO JUSTINE M. SPRAGUE RACHEL A. STEVENSON JONATHAN E. STRAIN CHRISTINA STROMSNESS MARY A. SULLIVAN JARED M. SUTHERLAND ANGELA N. SZATKOWSKI ZACHARY A. TAYLOR MADELINE B. TEISBERG PARMALEE C. TOWB CASSANDRA K. TOWNSEND THOMAS B. VANBRUNT, JR. EDGAR M. VANHORNE CRAIG J. VANTASSEL RYAN M. VEST RYAN P. VIENNA CHARLES G. VOLK CHRISTINE M. WALKER TRAVIS L. WALLER JAMES B. WALSH ANDREW W. WANG DAWN K. WARD MEGHAN N. WARD JULIE A. WATTERS ROBERT H. WAUTERS BENJAMIN M. WHEATLEY MEGHAN A. WHITLATCH JULIE R. WHITTINGTON TIMOTHY D. WILCOX PETER B. WILLETT JUSTIN D. WILSON ELIZABETH A. WINGEN AUBREY E. WINN EMORY S. WINSHIP VII GREGORY A. WOELFEL ANDREW J. WRIGHT JAMES K. WRITER REILLY L. ZENK KENNETH E. ZITNIK THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
ALBETRO ALSHABAZZ DEWAYNE A. THOMAS BRIAN M. WOOD THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
NICHOLAS L. ALANDER JASON R. ARANT BRENTON C. ASBURY JONATHAN C. BLACK BENJAMIN M. BOX ANDREW J. BROD SAUL L. BURLESON WILLIAM D. BUTTS LARA C. BYRD PHILIP D. CARSON JIN CHOI DANIEL E. CHUNG TRAVIS E. COFFEY BARRETT D. CRAIG LOREN M. CRONE MATTHEW W. DRAYTON MATTHEW C. FORE ANDREW M. FRANCIS SHANE M. FREIBERG AMAN J. GRANT MATTHEW A. HARRIS JUSTIN M. HAYES JONATHAN M. HENDERSON STEVEN G. HERVEY BRANDON K. HOOD JESSICA K. HORN REGINALD E. JONES, JR. STEPHEN A. LABUE KEITH J. LIGHTNER KEVAN Q. LIM AMANDA R. LURER CHARLES S. MALLIE EAMON A. MCGRAW DOYL E. MCMURRY BARON C. MILLER JAMES J. NEIL GARY W. PEPPER FLOURNOY C. PHELPS ROBERT C. PRICE JOHN M. QUAY NATHAN N. RICE NASHAUNNA S. SANDERS PAUL A. SCHUMANN STEPHEN R. SCOTT MATTHEW D. SHEPARD JASON B. SLUDER JARED N. SMITH KENDALL W. TAYLOR TODD A. TRUMBLE JUNSUB UM STEVEN M. WALKER RALPH M. WEIKEL, JR. KEVIN S. WILKINSON DAVID R. WILLIAMS PATRICK D. WILLIAMS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be lieutenant commander 
MARK ADJEI MICHAEL M. AGOJO JOSHUA A. ANDREWS LES M. BEGIN ROMMEL L. BENAVIDEZ SHANNON K. BENCS JONATHAN H. BERRY TYSON M. BIDDLE IAN A. BRENNER CHRISTIAN L. BUENSUCESO PAUL M. CABE GABRIEL R. CALDWELL MARCUS E. CALDWELL MARGARET M. CAMPBELL RYAN C. CARMACK ALEXANDER R. CASSADY CARLISLE R. CATACUTAN LESLIE R. CLARK II MARCUS R. CLINE DUSTIN T. COLEMAN CHRISTOPHER S. CULP JOSEPH P. DAVIS ASIM DURAKOVIC GREGORY K. EASTERLING PAUL A. EDWARDS AARON B. FISH WYATT J. FRANCE DAVID F. FRANCIA ROBERT A. FRITSCH AUSTIN W. GAGE ARACELI GALVAN PETER J. T. GANGCUANGCO BLAKE D. GARNER JASON P. GEORGE SETH D. GREENLAW JACOB M. GRIMES HILMAN I. GUILLORY, JR. SETH W. HARLAN DANIEL A. HARMAN, JR. CHRISTOPHER J. HARVEY KEITH A. HOUGH JAY H. HUGHES DAVID J. HUNT IRINA JARREAU JESSE V. JULAO JESSE Y. KIENGSIRI BRYAN W. KING JONATHAN R. KING PETER M. KOJM JOSEPH M. LANDON EMMA R. LARENAS DUSTIN R. MARTINDALE ERIC C. MARTORANO SEAN P. MERCIER SAND D. MILLER KIERA M. MORRIS THUY L. T. NGUYEN CHRISTOPHER D. OLIVERIA DYLAN S. PAIGE MICHAEL R. PARK JONAH A. PETRINOVIC ROBERT D. ROUTLEY JEREMY R. SANTIAGO JERMAINE L. SEALS BRANDON A. STEWART BRADFORD R. STURGIS, JR. VARSHA STYER PHUONG A. C. TA MARK C. TONER JENNIFER A. TRAUL RICKEY TURNER DAVID J. UYAN KIRK W. VINING KEVIN M. WALL DARIAN J. WILDER 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Aug 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A27AU6.003 S27AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5960 August 27, 2018 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
JULIO L. MATTOS, JR. IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MA-RINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be lieutenant colonel 
SHAWN A. RICKRODE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Aug 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A27AU6.005 S27AUPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1179 August 27, 2018 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Au-gust 28, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
AUGUST 29 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider S. 1965, to amend the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 to protect the cultural prac-tices and livelihoods of producers of Alaska Native handicrafts and tradi-tional mammoth ivory products, S. 2773, to improve the management of driftnet fishing, S. 3367, to amend cer-tain transportation-related reporting requirements to improve congressional oversight, reduce reporting burdens, and promote transparency, H.R. 4323, to promote veteran involvement in STEM education, computer science, and scientific research, and the nomi-nations of Rick A. Dearborn, of Okla-homa, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors, Kelvin Droegemeier, of Oklahoma, to be Di-rector of the Office of Science and Technology Policy, James Morhard, of Virginia, to be Deputy Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and Joel Szabat, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Transportation. SD–G50 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Food and Drug Administration, fo-cusing on leveraging cutting-edge science and protecting public health. SD–430 AUGUST 30 10 a.m. Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 2961, to reauthorize subtitle A of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990, S. 3354, to amend the Missing Children’s Assist-ance Act, S. 3170, to amend title 18, United States Code, to make certain changes to the reporting requirement of certain service providers regarding child sexual exploitation visual depic-tions, and the nominations of Ryan Douglas Nelson, of Idaho, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Cir-cuit, Richard J. Sullivan, of New York, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Second Circuit, Gary Richard Brown, Diane Gujarati, Eric Ross Komitee, and Rachel P. Kovner, each to be a United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York, Stephen R. Clark, Sr., to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Missouri, Lewis J. Liman, and Mary Kay Vyskocil, both to be a United States District Judge for the Southern District of New York, John M. O’Connor, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Northern, Eastern and Western Districts of Oklahoma, John L. Sinatra, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Western District of New York, Joshua Wolson, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, and James W. Carroll, Jr., of Virginia, to be Director of National Drug Con-trol Policy. SD–226 SEPTEMBER 5 9:30 a.m. Conferees Meeting of conferees on H.R. 2, to pro-vide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fis-cal year 2023. SR–325 10 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the value of the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion alliance. SD–419 SEPTEMBER 26 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Cybersecurity To hold closed hearings to examine the cyber operational readiness of the De-partment of Defense. SVC–217 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Federal Spending Over-sight and Emergency Management To hold hearings to examine the Federal role in the toxic PFAS chemical crisis. SD–342 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Aug 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M27AU8.000 E27AUPT1
D953 Monday, August 27, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S5941–S5960 Measures Introduced: Two bills and three resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 3389–3390, S. Res. 619, and S. Con. Res. 43–44.
                  Page S5954 
Measures Reported: S. 1092, to protect the right of law-abiding citi-zens to transport knives interstate, notwithstanding a patchwork of local and State prohibitions, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–327)
                                                              Page S5954 
Measures Passed: Relative to the Death of John Sidney McCain, III: Senate agreed to S. Res. 619, relative to the death of John Sidney McCain, III, a Senator from the State of Arizona.
                                                         Page S5956 
Providing for the Use of the Catafalque: Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 43, providing for the use of the catafalque situated in the Exhibition Hall of the Capitol Visitor Center in connection with memorial services to be conducted in the rotunda of the Cap-itol for the Honorable John Sidney McCain, III, late a Senator from the State of Arizona.
        Pages S5956–57 
Authorizing the Use of the Capitol Rotunda: Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 44, authorizing the use of the rotunda of the Capitol for the lying in state of the remains of the late Honorable John Sidney McCain, III.
                                                                  Page S5957 
Johnson Nomination—Agreement: Senate re-sumed consideration of the nomination of Lynn A. Johnson, of Colorado, to be Assistant Secretary for Family Support, Department of Health and Human Services.
                                                                  Pages S5944–49 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 60 yeas to 28 nays (Vote No. 194), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                          Pages S5948–49 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that notwithstanding Rule XXII, the post- cloture time on the nomination expire at 10:40 a.m., on Tuesday, August 28, 2018.
                           Page S5951 A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, August 28, 2018.
                                                      Page S5957 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Marshall Billingslea, of Virginia, to be an Under Secretary of State (Civilian Security, Democracy, and Human Rights). Matthew John Matthews, of Virginia, to be Am-bassador to Brunei Darussalam. Eric George Nelson, of Texas, to be Ambassador to Bosnia and Herzegovina. Robert L. King, of Kentucky, to be Assistant Sec-retary for Postsecondary Education, Department of Education. David L. Anderson, of California, to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Cali-fornia for the term of four years. Bridget S. Bade, of Arizona, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit. Lawrence Keefe, of Florida, to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Florida for the term of four years. Allison Jones Rushing, of North Carolina, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit. Drew H. Wrigley, of North Dakota, to be United States Attorney for the District of North Dakota for the term of four years. Routine lists in the Marine Corps and Navy. 
                                                                                    Pages S5957–60 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S5952 
Executive Communications:                             Page S5952 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S5952–54 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S5954 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S5954–55 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S5955–56 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S5956 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—194)
                                                                Page S5949 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Aug 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27AU8.REC D27AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD954 August 27, 2018 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 4 p.m. and ad-journed, as a further mark of respect to the memory of the late Senator John Sidney McCain, III, in ac-cordance with S. Res. 619, at 6:54 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, August 28, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S5957.) Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee ordered favorably reported the nomination of Carmen Guerricagoitia McLean, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the Dis-trict of Columbia. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet in a Pro Forma session at 12 noon on Tuesday, August 28, 2018. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, AUGUST 28, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard, to hold hearings to examine harmful algal blooms, focusing on the impact on our nation’s waters, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. 
House No hearings are scheduled. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of August 28 through August 31, 2018 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of Lynn A. Johnson, of Colorado, to be Assistant Secretary for Family Support, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 10:40 a.m. Following disposition of the nomination of Lynn A. Johnson, Senate will vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on the nomination of Richard Clarida, of Connecticut, to be Vice Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Au- gust 28, Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard, to hold hearings to examine harmful algal blooms, focusing on the impact on our nation’s waters, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. August 29, Full Committee, business meeting to con-sider S. 1965, to amend the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 to protect the cultural practices and liveli-hoods of producers of Alaska Native handicrafts and tra-ditional mammoth ivory products, S. 2773, to improve the management of driftnet fishing, S. 3367, to amend certain transportation-related reporting requirements to improve congressional oversight, reduce reporting bur-dens, and promote transparency, H.R. 4323, to promote veteran involvement in STEM education, computer science, and scientific research, and the nominations of Rick A. Dearborn, of Oklahoma, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors, Kelvin Droegemeier, of Okla-homa, to be Director of the Office of Science and Tech-nology Policy, James Morhard, of Virginia, to be Deputy Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration, and Joel Szabat, of Maryland, to be an As-sistant Secretary of Transportation, 10 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Au- gust 29, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Food and Drug Administration, focusing on leveraging cutting-edge science and protecting public health, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on the Judiciary: August 30, business meeting to consider S. 2961, to reauthorize subtitle A of the Vic-tims of Child Abuse Act of 1990, S. 3354, to amend the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Aug 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27AU8.REC D27AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D955 August 27, 2018 Missing Children’s Assistance Act, S. 3170, to amend title 18, United States Code, to make certain changes to the reporting requirement of certain service providers re-garding child sexual exploitation visual depictions, and the nominations of Ryan Douglas Nelson, of Idaho, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, Rich-ard J. Sullivan, of New York, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Second Circuit, Gary Richard Brown, Diane Gujarati, Eric Ross Komitee, and Rachel P. Kovner, each to be a United States District Judge for the Eastern Dis-trict of New York, Stephen R. Clark, Sr., to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Missouri, Lewis J. Liman, and Mary Kay Vyskocil, both to be a United States District Judge for the Southern District of New York, John M. O’Connor, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Northern, Eastern and Western Dis-tricts of Oklahoma, John L. Sinatra, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Western District of New York, Joshua Wolson, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, and James W. Carroll, Jr., of Virginia, to be Director of National Drug Control Policy, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
House Committees No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Aug 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27AU8.REC D27AUPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD956 August 27, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, August 28 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Lynn A. Johnson, of Colorado, to be Assistant Secretary for Family Support, Department of Health and Human Services, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 10:40 a.m. Following disposition of the nomination of Lynn A. Johnson, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Richard Clarida, of Connecticut, to be Vice Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Fed-eral Reserve System. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Tuesday, August 28 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 12 noon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Aug 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D27AU8.REC D27AUPT1