Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7073 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 2018 No. 185 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Tuesday, November 27, 2018, at 12 noon. 
Senate 
MONDAY , NOVEMBER 26, 2018 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. O Lord, our God, how excellent is Your Name in all the Earth. We con-tinue to be astonished that You have chosen us to work for Your Kingdom. Give us the wisdom to strive to ensure that Your will is done on Earth even as it is done in Heaven. Lord, we are grateful that You have surrounded us with the beauty of the Earth and the glory of the skies. We praise You for the opportunities to spend our lives for causes greater than ourselves. Today, direct the steps of our Sen-ators, opening doors that no one can shut and closing doors that no one can open, according to the wisdom of Your loving providence. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. K
YL). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session and resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Stephen Alex-ander Vaden, of Tennessee, to be Gen-eral Counsel of the Department of Ag-riculture. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Texas. 
SENATE ACCOMPLISHMENTS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, Mem-bers of Congress are making their way back to the Nation’s Capital after cele-brating Thanksgiving with folks at home, with their friends and their fam-ilies. To me, this holiday offered a lit-tle bit of respite and time for reflec-tion—a time to pause with our families and to think about what we have to be grateful for. This year, I am particularly thankful for the organizations I met with when I was home in Texas that donated a lot of their most valuable resource—their time. Thousands took time out of their family celebrations to provide meals and assistance to those less fortunate. I had the opportunity to join the ranks of some of my other volunteers, like Mayor Steve Adler of Austin, with whom I served meals at the H-E-B Feast of Sharing in Austin. I also donned an apron and gloves to help pre-pare turkey for the annual Raul Ji-menez Thanksgiving Dinner in San An-tonio, where more than 50 companies and 4,000 volunteers partnered to cook and serve meals. In 1979, Raul Jimenez, who is famous in San Antonio for his contributions there and has now left us, started this dinner with the goal of feeding 100 of San Antonio’s elderly families and those less fortunate. Thir-ty-nine years later, his daughter and grandson, Raul Jimenez III, carry on this tradition and serve meals to feed 25,000 hungry San Antonians. During the holiday season, we all have a chance to express our gratitude by extending a helping hand, providing a meal, or maybe simply offering words of encouragement. I was grateful I was able to join with some of the remark-able and selfless volunteers doing just that when I was back home. I want to make sure we bring that same attitude back to Congress, where I have the privilege of representing 28 million of my fellow Texans—not only the atti-tude of gratitude for the great privilege of living in a country such as ours but also feeling the weight of responsi-bility to actually produce results for them. My discussions with my constituents when I was back home ran the gamut of possible topics, but what I keep hearing is that they feel as if they are doing much better economically. They see an economy that has been invig-orated, and, yes, they have a little bit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26NO6.000 S26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7074 November 26, 2018 
more money in their pockets to spend on holiday gifts. When I enter the beltway in Wash-ington, I don’t read a whole lot about how well people are doing, the con-fidence and enthusiasm they have in their station in life and their prospects for the future. Mainly what we see on cable TV and on social media is how Congress is fraught with divisiveness and burdened by partisan politics that paralyzes us from getting anything done. We see this narrative splashed across headlines and picked apart on cable news shows. When I go back home, I find that most of my constituents aren’t par-ticularly concerned with who is up and who is down in the purely partisan pol-itics they see going on in the Nation’s Capital. They are concerned about making their lives and their families’ lives better, putting food on the table, and enjoying the fruits of their labor. They want to see their elected officials likewise doing the same and solving the real issues that affect their lives. I think it is important to reflect on what this Senate and this Congress have been able to do over the last 2 years under this new administration. I think our record is pretty clear, and, of course, Americans responded by giving us an even greater majority—the Re-publican leadership in the Senate— next Congress. In the last 2 years, we promoted poli-cies to foster economic growth and job creation and opportunities for all Americans regardless of their station in life. By doing that, we made historic gains, and I want to mention a few of those now. Let’s start with the Tax Code—the first time in 31 years the Tax Code has been tackled and reformed. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act lowered tax rates across the board for every tax bracket, doubled the child tax credit, and helped American businesses become more competitive in the global economy. The savings created by these reforms have been real for Americans across the country. They mean an extra tank of gas each month, more food on the table, or a month’s worth of rent. For parents, they mean that textbooks for their kids and school supplies are well within financial reach and saving a lit-tle bit more for that college education is now possible. Robert from Wylie, TX, wrote me re-cently to say that he and his daughter have been ‘‘pleasantly surprised’’ by the increases in their paychecks. Rob-ert said that he ‘‘appreciate[s] the ef-fort put forth by the current adminis-tration and look[s] forward to more being done to help the average Amer-ican worker.’’ American workers are the ones who have been left behind in the past and told to expect the new normal of stag-nant economic growth and slow wage growth, but they are exactly the ones who are being helped the most now by these changes in tax and regulatory policies. It started with the tax reform legislation, and I think the regulatory reforms we have been able to enact have made a big difference as well. The Texas Workforce Commission announced recently that our State hit record-low unemployment in October, while the Department of Commerce an-nounced that the State’s economy grew 6 percent in the second quarter. That is a red-hot, growing economy. These were monumental leaps forward that were felt in all corners of our State. Confidence in the economy across the country is at its highest level since 2004; small business owners’—the pri-mary engine of job creation in our country—confidence is at record-high levels; and optimism among U.S. man-ufacturers has soared to an alltime high. Is this a coincidence? I don’t think so. Is this a result of policies pro-duced years ago during a previous ad-ministration, as some people would claim? I don’t think so. But we have done some important things on a bipar-tisan basis, together, such as removing some of the burdensome Dodd-Frank banking regulations so that we can ex-pand access to capital, which means more loan money available for small businesses and families and particu-larly for farmers and the farming com-munity. We took important steps to reduce the regulatory burdens on all employ-ers and job-seekers alike by giving States the tools to remove barriers to certain professions through occupa-tional licensing reform. Some of the occupational licensing requirements in our States are basically nothing but in-cumbent protection, trying to freeze out people who wanted to learn a new skill, only to learn that it was uneco-nomical to do so or that the licensure requirement made that burden too high. We also worked to help provide for our veterans—a noble undertaking in and of itself—and those who make the transition from military life to civilian life. One bill we passed, called the Jobs for Our Heroes Act, makes it easier for veterans to get commercial driver’s li-censes, and the American Law Enforce-ment Heroes Act makes sure veterans get hired by local law enforcement agencies when they come out of the military with the very skills that are needed by our police agencies that are working to keep our communities safe. In each of these cases, we tried to lis-ten to what my constituents and our constituents were telling us so we could implement targeted changes meant to improve the lives of the peo-ple we are honored to represent. Particularly around Thanksgiving but year-round, I am reminded of how grateful I am for the sacrifices made by those who have served our country in the past and those who presently wear the uniform of the U.S. military. Many times, they are the very ones who spend their holidays deployed overseas in places far away from their families. I am proud of the historic effort we have made on a bipartisan basis to pro-vide support to those who are currently serving our country and those who have previously served. That started with the Veterans’ Administration, which was past due for reforms. This is an immense bureaucracy of more than I believe 330,000 employees. We needed to pull that agency into the 21st cen-tury to better serve the veterans under its charge. I am sure GEN Omar Bradley, who led the VA after World War II, would not recognize the system in place today, what we have transformed the VA into, but he would have recognized it as it previously existed because it basically was the same system that had been in place since World War II. Now we have taken important steps, such as passing the historic VA MIS-SION Act, which modernized the vet-erans’ appeals process and the elec-tronic healthcare system. We reformed veterans’ healthcare benefits and im-proved accountability within the VA, and we provided the largest funding in-crease in history for veterans’ care and services. When it comes to other institutions that help provide safety and security for the American people, we were able to provide for the men and women of the Coast Guard with bipartisan sup-port. Our bill ensures that the Coast Guard can continue to protect our ports, stop illegal drugs from reaching our borders, and save lives. Earlier this year, we made the great-est investment in our military in his-tory with the passage of the National Defense Authorization Act for the 58th consecutive year. This was appro-priately named for our friend and col-league Senator John McCain. The De-fense bill supports our men and women in uniform by providing the tools and resources they need to keep our coun-try safe and includes the largest boost to servicemembers’ pay in 10 years. It is especially noteworthy that this year will mark the first time in about a decade that the Defense Department will not operate under a temporary spending measure, known as a con-tinuing resolution. That is important. Because of bipartisan support, we have funded roughly 75 percent of the gov-ernment so far—we still have more to do—on time and through regular order. In fact, we passed the most on time ap-propriations bills in 22 years. In addition to these historic strides, we also passed landmark legislation to combat the drug addiction crisis that has plagued every corner of the coun-try. This bill is designed to help stem the tide of drugs flooding across our borders but also help those who are suf-fering from drug addiction get the re-covery support they need. We also con-tinued to support communities by pass-ing first-of-its-kind legislation to make our schools safer and stop online sex trafficking. I think each one of these successes is worthy of mention because the legisla-tive record of this current Congress— this 115th Congress—is pretty remark-able, one of the most productive since 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26NO6.002 S26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7075 November 26, 2018 
my time in the Senate. It has meant unprecedented victories for American workers and families and communities, as well as our servicemembers. We still have a mission, though—we need to fin-ish out the 115th Congress as strong as we began it, and we only have a few weeks left to do that. That starts by continuing our historic pace of con-firming the President’s judicial nomi-nees, which already total more than 80, with 2 Supreme Court Justices con-firmed in the 115th Congress in the last 2 years. In the coming weeks, we will con-tinue our work on the farm bill to pro-vide support for our Nation’s ag com-munity. In my home State, one out of seven working Texans gains their in-come from working in the agriculture sector. Everyone has heard the saying ‘‘Thank a farmer three times a day.’’ It is the farmers and ranchers in the Lone Star State whom I think of when I hear that. Texans know as well as anybody the unpredictability of Mother Nature, which can ruin a crop or an entire sea-son in the blink of an eye. That is why passing a farm bill is important—to give our farmers and ranchers the pre-dictability and the certainty they need and deserve insofar as we can since we can’t control Mother Nature. As you can see, we have our work cut out for us in these remaining weeks. I mentioned earlier that Americans chose to send Senate Republicans back to Washington with an even greater majority, but Americans also chose a Democratic majority in the House of Representatives. Leader M
CCONNELL  recently called the Senate ‘‘fertile soil for bipartisan work,’’ and that is true. It is the way the Senate is constructed and built with our unique rules when it comes to considering and voting on leg-islation. We are ripe for the possibili-ties of solving some of the biggest leg-islative question marks facing our gov-ernment and facing our Nation. But now our friends in the House, with Democratic majorities, need to make a choice. They can either choose to make noise or they can choose to join us in making law and improving the lot of American citizens. I am confident of what we will choose on this side of the aisle because we will do exactly as we have done over the last 2 years—continue to make sub-stantial progress for the American family. But we will want to make sure that we extend a hand to our Democratic colleagues in the House, and they can make their decision, I hope, to join us in continuing to make progress on the part of the American people and not just create more chaos and confusion and accentuate the divisiveness that we know already plagues our political system and our country. It is important that we in Congress demonstrate that we are up to the challenge and that we are worthy of the trust of the people we represent— the American people. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. NOMINATION OF THOMAS FARR  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, first let me welcome everybody back from Thanksgiving, which I hope was a joy-ous one for everyone here today. On a subject not so joyous, the ma-jority leader has indicated that the Senate will move to the pending nomi-nation of Thomas Farr to the Eastern District of North Carolina. I have been in the Senate long enough to see a whole bunch of questionable nominees, frankly, from both parties, but Thomas Farr is unquestionably one of the worst. It is hard to believe President Trump nominated him. It is even hard-er to believe Senate Republicans are considering him again. This is a man who stands for dis-enfranchisement of voters, particularly minority voters. That is what he stands for. You can try to parse it any way you want, but that is what he has done. That is not America. In addition, he has spent his long legal career working against the rights of unions, but he has demonstrated to be a dyed-in-the-wool partisan with particular hostility to voting rights. We all know North Carolina has done more to hurt voting rights than just about any other State. That is an igno-minious title for a State that is trying to be more progressive and forward- looking. We all know that. We also know Justice Roberts will go down in history as one of those who worked to take away voting rights when he authored the Shelby decision and more or less stated that he didn’t believe discrimination existed any longer so we wouldn’t need section 5 of the Voting Rights Act. That allowed people like Mr. Farr and those in North Carolina to do a wholesale taking away of voting rights, particularly those of minorities. After challenging multiple congres-sional maps drawn by North Carolina’s Democrats, Farr vigorously defended the congressional maps drawn by North Carolina’s Republicans. Even this con-servative Supreme Court, often so in-sensitive to the voting fairness and rights of minorities—the Supreme Court actually overturned this map for discrimination—not partisanship, dis-crimination. Farr defended North Carolina’s re-strictive voting laws. The law, passed by a very conservative Republican leg-islature, requested data on the use by race of a number of voting practices. After receiving the data, North Caro-lina Republicans made five changes to voting and registration, every one of which disproportionately hurt the vot-ing ability of African Americans. Under the law, even citizens who showed government employee IDs, stu-dent IDs, or IDs used to receive public assistance were not allowed to vote. Here is what the Fourth Circuit said—again, not a liberal court circuit. It said: The law had ‘‘discriminatory intent’’ and ‘‘targeted African Ameri-cans with almost surgical precision.’’ Farr, as he defended this law, said it was a minor inconvenience for voters. This is despicable. That law is particu-larly designed to prevent African Americans from voting, and we are nominating such a man to the court of appeals, when he was chief cook and bottle washer for much of the time these laws came about. I don’t care what your party is, and I don’t care what your political ideology is. How can you elevate this man to the court? Remarkably, Mr. Farr was involved in another sordid affair regarding the voting rights of African Americans. In 1990, Farr was a lawyer for the reelec-tion campaign of Jesse Helms, during which the Department of Justice al-leged that 120,000 postcards had been sent overwhelmingly to Black voters, intending to intimidate them from vot-ing. Isn’t that amazing? That man is the man we are elevating. I believe the Republican Party is going to have huge trouble in the fu-ture and will shrug its shoulders or say: Oh, this is political correctness. No, it isn’t. It is because they tolerate things just like this—not all but too many. Right now, we only have one person on the other side of the aisle who has said he will vote against Farr. I don’t care what the marching orders are, they are wrong. Here, in response to a question from Ranking Member F
EINSTEIN , Farr de-nied that he had participated in any meetings in which the postcards were discussed before they were sent. How-ever, the Deputy Chief of the Voting Section of the Department of Justice’s Civil Rights Division said Farr’s re-sponse was contrary to the facts. In ef-fect, that DOJ person was saying Farr did participate. We don’t know the exact circumstances of the mail, but at a minimum, it is disturbing that Farr was involved, often directly, in defend-ing multiple attempts by North Caro-lina Republicans to disenfranchise Af-rican-American voters. As the Congressional Black Caucus said, ‘‘Had the White House delib-erately sought to identify an attorney in North Carolina with a more hostile record on African-American voting rights . . . than Thomas Farr, it could hardly have done so.’’ It is well said. I don’t care if you are a Republican; I don’t care if you are a Democrat or something in between, we should not elevate a person to the Federal bench who has spent a good part of his career defending those who want to under-mine the rights of Americans to vote. Let’s look at the circumstances of this nomination. You know, M
ITCH M
CCONNELL brags as to how many seats he has filled. These seats were held 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26NO6.003 S26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7076 November 26, 2018 
back because we respected the blue slips when we were in the majority, and there were a lot of empty seats. Well, this one is the longest running judicial vacancy in the United States. Why, you might ask, has the seat re-mained open for so long? Republican Senators blocked two Obama nominees, both of whom were African-American women. Let me say that again. Republican Senators from North Carolina—they may not have been, but they were in the circuit— blocked two Obama nominees, both of whom were African-American women. Yet now we put this man in that place—all because Leader M
CCONNELL  and Chairman G
RASSLEY changed the rules and eliminated the last bit of comity by eliminating the blue slip? Either of those women would have been the first African American ever—not just the first African American woman but the first African American ever—to serve in that judicial district, when the population of that district was 27 per-cent African American. Two women were knocked out by Republican Sen-ators under the tradition of the blue slip—both African American—in a dis-trict that was 27 percent African Amer-ican. They are not on the bench, and we are nominating this man who has stood steadfastly against the right of peo-ple—in this case, Black people—to vote. That is despicable. Considering Farr’s record on voting rights—on the disenfranchisement of African-Amer-ican voters, in particular—his nomina-tion to the Eastern District vacancy is not just a dash of salt in the wound, it is the whole shaker. I plead with my Republican col-leagues. After an election in which vot-ing rights and voting suppression were major issues in States like Georgia and Florida and at a time when our Presi-dent always says elections are fixed and that Americans should have faith in the wellspring of our democracy— the right to vote and to have votes counted and correctly tabulated in a fair way—what message does the Sen-ate send if it approves Farr’s nomina-tion? This is our democracy. For the first time in the history of America, nasty creatures are gnawing at its roots. The tree could fall down. I hope it will not. It is a strong tree, but it could fall down, and it will be aided and abetted by those who put people like Mr. Farr on the bench. I vociferously oppose his nomination, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
ACTING ATTORNEY GENERAL  
Mr. President, one other point on Whitaker, the Acting Attorney Gen-eral. It has been almost 3 weeks since President Trump tapped Mr. Matthew Whitaker to be the Acting Attorney General. Since that time, I, along with Democratic Leader P
ELOSI and the ranking members of key committees in the House and Senate, have sent a let-ter to the Department of Justice, ask-ing for a formal update on whether Mr. Whitaker must recuse himself from the Russia investigation given that he has had a long history of criticizing. We have not yet received a response. It has been 3 weeks with no response. I have also sent a letter to the Department of Justice, asking its inspector general to look into whether Mr. Whitaker and the White House had any improper or unlawful conversations prior to his ap-pointment—again, no response. In the meantime, we have learned that before joining the Department of Justice, Mr. Whitaker served on the ad-visory board of a company that was ac-cused of scamming and deceiving con-sumers. We learned he received thou-sands of dollars in campaign contribu-tions 4 years after his campaign ended. They don’t seem like campaign con-tributions, do they? They were some-thing else. Far more evil was at stake, and he got them just before he became Attorney General Session’s Chief of Staff. Amazingly, we have learned that he has received $1.2 million in com-pensation for unspecified work for a shadowy, conservative, dark money or-ganization that refuses to disclose its donors. The more the public learns about Mr. Whitaker, the more troubling his ap-pointment becomes. He is hardly the most honorable man given all of this. He is the Acting Attorney General without having had any review by any-one other than President Trump, who has shown that he wants the Justice Department to be his personal arm of attack, not the rule of law—to go after his enemies and lay off his friends. Beyond the shady business dealings, the most important thing is, Mr. Whitaker will not recuse himself from the Russia probe despite his publicly expressing his bias against the inves-tigation. Clearly, he has shown he is willing to meddle in the investigation. That, in all likelihood, is why Presi-dent Trump appointed him. What a sad place we are in. We need to come together in the Senate—Demo-crats and Republicans—to pass legisla-tion to protect the special counsel’s in-vestigation. We already have the bill. It is bipartisan—two Republicans, two Democrats. It passed committee on a bipartisan vote. Chairman GRASSLEY , to his credit, voted for it, and now we have an urgent reason to consider it on the floor. If the majority leader refuses to give it the vote it deserves, the Democrats will push to include it on the must-pass spending bill that we must approve in the next few weeks. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. 
BUSINESS BEFORE THE SENATE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, with the Thanksgiving holiday behind us, we are reminded that this year and this Congress will soon come to a close. The past few years have been a time of historic accomplishments on behalf of the American people: historic tax and regulatory reform, landmark legisla-tion to combat the opioid epidemic, a return to regular order appropriations, much needed reforms and resources for our men and women who wear the uni-form today and for our veterans. The list goes on and on. As the 115th Congress comes to a close, my colleagues will have much— much, indeed—to be proud of. But we aren’t finished yet. The Senate still has a full plate of important business that we must complete before the end of the year. At the top of the list are more nomi-nations—well-qualified individuals that the President has chosen for exec-utive and judicial service. Since the be-ginning of this Congress, the majority has taken the Senate’s role in the per-sonnel business very seriously. We have taken the opportunity to process nomi-nations efficiently and fulfill our re-sponsibility to advise and consent. Of course, thanks to a concerted de-laying effort from our colleagues across the aisle, a number of important offices remain unfilled. Accomplished nominees have waited patiently on the Senate calendar. Important posts have remained vacant while my colleagues on the other side of the aisle slow-walk nominations and force a record-break-ing number of cloture votes. We are 2 years into this administra-tion. The President deserves his team, and our constituents deserve the gov-ernment they voted for. So, as we have this entire Congress, we will continue to make nominations a top priority for as long as need be. The nominees we will consider this week are highly regarded and well equipped for public service. We will begin with Stephen Vaden, who has been nominated to serve as General Counsel at the Department of Agri-culture. Mr. Vaden is a graduate of Vanderbilt and Yale Law School. He brings experience from multiple Fed-eral court clerkships and from years in practice in administrative law and ap-pellate litigation. This nominee was voted out of the Agriculture Committee with bipartisan support, including that of the ranking member. So I urge each of my col-leagues to join me in voting to advance Mr. Vaden’s nomination this afternoon and to confirm him this week. Then we will turn to more nomina-tions for the Department of Commerce, for the Federal judiciary, and for the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau. I look forward to confirming each of them without undue delay. I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26NO6.006 S26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7077 November 26, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FAREWELL TO THE SENATE  
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I in-tend to be giving a number of speeches over the course of the next couple of weeks to comment on various matters on which I have had the privilege of working. I want to say, with regard to the election, that things turned out a little differently than Grace and I had ex-pected, but let me say that I have been very, very blessed. That is because I have had the privilege of serving the people of Florida and our country for most of my life, and I don’t think any-one could have been more honored by having a lifetime of public service. I was not victorious in this race, but I still wish to strongly reaffirm the cause for which we fought: A public of-fice is a public trust. First, I want to say thanks to all who have rallied to our cause, both here in the Senate and in Florida. You knocked on the doors, you walked the precincts, you made the phone calls, and you contributed your time and your resources. With an optimistic heart, I wish to say something else: We may have been heavily outspent, but we were never outworked. To all Floridians, I say to you this, whether you voted for me or for my op-ponent or you didn’t vote at all: I ask that you never give up this fight. A public office is a public trust, and there are a lot of other things that fall under that category of public trust. You must fight to protect the funda-mental right to healthcare and against any attempt to roll back our progress on things like preexisting conditions. Most everybody has a preexisting con-dition. If it is not required that an in-surance company cover you, then ei-ther your rate is prohibitively high or else you don’t get coverage at all. Out of the 20 million people in the State of Florida, 8 million people have a pre-existing condition. You must continue the fight to pre-serve the natural wonders of our State, from the Everglades to the pine forests and to the beaches and the offshore waters. Say no to drilling off our coast—not one rig off of our coastline— not only for the sake of our environ-ment but for the sake of our tourism economy and for the sake of the largest military testing and training area for the U.S. military in the world right off of our coast. As a country, we need to continue to launch rockets and to explore the heav-ens. I have seen the blue brilliance of the Earth from the edge of the heavens, and I will fight on to save this planet, our homes, and our cities from the spreading plague of greenhouse gases that infect our atmosphere, play havoc with our weather, and risk the planet our children and grandchildren will in-herit. Every single one of us needs to keep fighting to strengthen Social Security and Medicare for the generations that are yet to come. It is your Medicare. It is your Social Security. You pay into these programs. They belong to you and not to the politicians who are plot-ting to rob you of your retirement. I will continue to fight on and on for the inalienable human rights that are the soul and glory of the American ex-periment: civil rights, women’s rights, LGBT rights, and the sacred right to vote. We must end all forms of voter suppression, make it easier for Ameri-cans to vote, and honor the ideal that we are governed by the majority and not by minority rule. There are great decisions ahead that will shape the course and character of America in the 21st century. Yes, I will continue to fight—and to fight hard— for what is right. I will also encourage others to seek common ground with their colleagues and the other side of the aisle. Inevitably, at times that ef-fort will fall short, but we have to try. We have to move beyond a politics that aims not just to defeat but to destroy, where truth is treated as disposable, where falsehoods abound and the free press is assaulted as the enemy of the people. Whether an institution such as this Congress will be effective in the future depends on whether the people who make up this institution can get along, where we retreat from the tribalism that has captured American politics and where men and women of good will can come together. As the Good Book says, ‘‘come now, and let us reason to-gether.’’ There has been a gathering darkness in our politics in recent years. My hope today can be found in the words of John F. Kennedy, who said civility ‘‘can guide us through that darkness to a safe and sane future.’’ Thank you all for the privilege of a lifetime of public service. God bless you, and God bless our country. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. Mr. ISAKSON. Madam President, I wish to address the Senator before he leaves. I represent the great State of Geor-gia, which is north of the great State of Florida. I have had the pleasure of serving with this Senator for a long time in a lot of capacities. He has made a huge contribution to his State and to his country. We worked together on a lot of other interests, like the Prayer Breakfast in the Senate and many other things like that. I want to commend the Senator for his speech, commend him for his re-marks, and commend him for his lovely wife, amazing Grace, whom I love very much. I thank the Senator very much for his service to the people of the State of Florida and the United States of America. May God bless him. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. NOMINATION OF STEPHEN ALEXANDER VADEN  
Mr. CORKER. Madam President, I rise today to speak in support of Ste-phen Vaden to be the next General Counsel of the U.S. Department of Ag-riculture. I know this is a position that you care about deeply as the Presiding Officer. Having been brought up and worked on a family farm that has oper-ated for generations in West Tennessee, Stephen has critical insights into the issues facing the agriculture commu-nity. His experience in law and under-standing the needs of farmers will be an important asset at the USDA and in Congress’s work to help rural America prosper and grow. Under Stephen’s tenure as Acting General Counsel since March of last year, the Office of General Counsel has promoted Department accountability and improved its responsiveness to civil rights issues, and it is my belief that Stephen will continue to do so once confirmed. I am pleased to see that the Senate is acting on Stephen’s nomination, and I urge my colleagues to support his con-firmation. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, within a few minutes, the Senate will vote on ending debate on the nomina-tion of Stephen Vaden to be the Gen-eral Counsel of the U.S. Department of Agriculture. I am glad to see that. I am here to strongly support Mr. Vaden and urge my colleagues to support him. Stephen Vaden grew up on a family farm in Union City, TN, way out in the west end of our State, and he has some academic credentials for this job which are also very strong. He attended Van-derbilt University and Yale Law School. He has had two strong men-tors—Judge Julia Gibbons of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit, who was once my counsel when I was Governor of Tennessee, and Judge Hardy Mays of the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Tennessee. He practiced with two distinguished law firms in Washington, DC. He has hands-on academic credentials. He has hands-on farming credentials. He has a strong background in legal training. Mr. Vaden has the strong support of his Congressman, Mr. D
AVID KUSTOFF  from West Tennessee. This is Davy Crockett’s old congressional district in Tennessee. Tennessee Farm Bureau President Jeff Aiken said that Mr. Vaden ‘‘has a passion for agriculture that can’t be taught but is necessary’’ for the job of General Counsel. Secretary Perdue, Agriculture Sec-retary, said that Mr. Vaden ‘‘has a firm grasp of the legal issues facing Amer-ican agriculture, and very importantly, understands the breadth and com-plexity of the regulatory burdens 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26NO6.007 S26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7078 November 26, 2018 
placed on our producers.’’ The Sec-retary finished by saying: ‘‘Our farm-ers, ranchers, foresters, and producers will be well served by his counsel.’’ I know the distinguished Presiding Officer has a strong interest and a hands-on background in agriculture, and so do many other Members of this body on both sides of the aisle. I am happy to strongly recommend Stephen Vaden to my colleagues. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on ending the debate. Once that has ended, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on con-firmation of his nomination by Presi-dent Trump. Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Stephen Alexander Vaden, of Ten-nessee, to be General Counsel of the Depart-ment of Agriculture. Mitch McConnell, Johnny Isakson, Mike Rounds, Thom Tillis, Mike Crapo, Pat Roberts, John Hoeven, David Perdue, Tim Scott, John Cornyn, Roy Blunt, Cory Gardner, Tom Cotton, Jerry Moran, John Barrasso, Roger F. Wicker, John Boozman. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Stephen Alexander Vaden, of Ten-nessee, to be General Counsel of the Department of Agriculture shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE- S
MITH), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ), and the Senator from Mis-sissippi (Mr. W
ICKER ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 49, nays 45, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 245 Ex.] YEAS—49 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Kyl Lankford Lee McConnell Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Young 
NAYS—45 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—6 
Crapo Graham Hyde-Smith Moran Sanders Wicker 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 49, the nays are 45. The motion is agreed to. The Senate majority leader. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CENTENNIAL OF THE KENTUCKY FARM BUREAU Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, it is my pleasure today to recognize one of the greatest voices for Kentucky’s ag-ricultural communities, the Kentucky Farm Bureau, KFB, as it prepares to commemorate its centennial year. With a mission to identify the chal-lenges facing farmers, to improve farm income, and to enhance the quality of life for growers, processors, and all of us who enjoy the fruits of their labors, the KFB has been a force for good throughout my home State. Since its establishment almost 100 years ago, the KFB has done all of this and more. I am so proud to have this opportunity to congratulate the men and women of the KFB on this impressive milestone. In 1919, a small group of Kentucky farmers gathered in Louisville to form an organization to serve as the ‘‘Voice of Kentucky Agriculture.’’ Beginning as a member-based and member-driven organization, the KFB has proudly kept to its founding vision, striving each day to uphold that same goal. In the last 100 years, the KFB has grown beyond anything its founders could have imagined. With nearly 500,000 members, the organization maintains a presence in all 120 counties in the Commonwealth. The KFB has developed many service programs to benefit its members and other parts of the agricultural community. These services include providing crop insur-ance products, Young Farmers develop-ment, public affairs representation, and estate planning assistance, just to name a few. As it celebrates its centen-nial year, the KFB can also be proud of being one of the largest State Farm Bureaus throughout the entire Nation. Since my first day serving in the U.S. Senate, I have had the opportunity to be Kentucky’s champion on the Senate Agriculture Committee. Every step of the way, the KFB has helped guide my work on that committee on behalf of my State’s farm families. Through sev-eral agricultural bills—and countless fly-ins, the KFB has proved to be a partner I can rely upon to support Ken-tucky farmers. We have accomplished a great deal, and I look forward to many more projects we can work on together. One particular event I look forward to each year is the KFB’s annual coun-try ham breakfast during the Ken-tucky State Fair. I make it a point to attend every year possible so I can not only have the opportunity to enjoy the delicious food, but also to spend qual-ity time with the many friends of Ken-tucky agriculture I have gotten to know over the years. The tradition began in 1964 as a way to showcase our agricultural products during the Ken-tucky State Fair, and it has grown into one of the Nation’s premier agricul-tural events. Each year, thousands of Kentuckians from across the Common-wealth gather to enjoy some of the best locally sourced food our State’s farm-ers have to offer. The morning cul-minates in a charity auction of the blue-ribbon country ham. This year, the winning bid was a record-breaking $2.8 million to be donated to Kentucky charities. While the ham breakfast may be among its best-known public events, it is just one example of the KFB’s many accomplishments. Throughout 2019, I hear the KFB plans to celebrate its century of suc-cesses on behalf of Kentucky’s farmers. I would like to recognize the contribu-tions of the organization’s leadership, in particular Mark Haney and his exec-utive team. They are wonderful rep-resentatives of the KFB and proud ad-vocates for farmers. With their guid-ance, the KFB has a bright future ahead. I urge my Senate colleagues to join me in the recognition of the KFB, its members, and all who have benefited from its century of service to Ken-tucky. The organization’s unmatched dedication to farmers and commitment to agricultural advancement continues 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26NO6.009 S26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7079 November 26, 2018 
to serve the KFB’s mission well. I look forward to its continued successes, and I am grateful for the chance to publicly join the KFB in celebrating this anni-versary and to offer my thanks for ev-erything it does to support farm fami-lies in the Commonwealth. 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 18–39, con-cerning the Air Force’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the NATO Support and Procurement Agen-cy for defense articles and services es-timated to cost $320.5 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to no-tify the public of this proposed sale. 
Sincerely, C
HARLES W. H OOPER , Lieutenant General, USA, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 18–39 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: NATO Support and Procurement Agency (NSPA) as Lead Nation for Belgium, Czech Republic, Den-mark, Finland, Greece, Hungary, Italy, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Spain and the United Kingdom. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $240.5 million. Other $80.0 million. Total $320.5 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Five hundred (500) KMU–556 F/B Joint Di-rect Attack Munition (JDAM) Kits for GBU– 31 2000-lbs. Forty (40) KMU–557 F/B JDAM Kits for GBU–31 2000-lbs. One thousand five hundred (1,500) KMU–572 F/B JDAM Kits for GBU–38 500-lbs. One thousand (1,000) Munitions Adapter Unit (MAU)–210 F/B Enhanced Computer Control Groups (ECCGs) for GBU–48 1,000-lb EPII. Three hundred (300) MAU–210 F/B ECCGs for GBU–49 500-lbs EPII. Three hundred (300) MXU–650 K/JB AFGs for GBU–49 500-lbs EPII. One thousand and twenty-five (1,025) MAU– 209 C/B or MAU–169 L/B CCGs for GBU-l2 500 lbs Paveway II. One thousand and twenty-five (1,025) MXU– 650 K/B AFGs for GBU–12 500 lbs Paveway II. Four thousand three hundred sixty-five (4,365) Joint Programmable Fuze, FMU–152 A/B for all GBU types. Non-MDE: Also includes Detector Sensing Unit (DSU)–38A/B Laser kits, DSU–33D/B proximity sensors, Wireless Paveway Avi-onics Kit (WIPAK) interfaces for Enhanced Paveway II bombs, repair and return serv-ices, transportation, engineering services, and other support services. (iv) Military Department: Air Force. (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: N4–D–YAA. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: November 16, 2018. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  NATO Support and Procurement Agency— Precision Guided Munitions NATO Support and Procurement Agency as Lead Nation has requested a possible sale of precision guided munitions kits. The compo-nents that comprise the kits are: five hun-dred (500) KMU–556 F/B Joint Direct Attack Munition (JDAM) Kits for GBU–31 2000-lbs; forty (40) KMU–557 F/B JDAM Kits for GBU– 31 2000-lbs; one thousand five hundred (1,500) KMU–572 F/B JDAM Kits for GBU–38 500-lbs; one thousand (1,000) Munitions Adapter Unit (MAU)–210 F/B Enhanced Computer Control Groups (ECCGs) for GBU–48 1,000-lbs EPII; three hundred (300) MAU–210 F/B ECCGs for GBU–49 500-lbs EPII; three hundred (300) MXU–650K/B AFGs for GBU–49 500-lbs EPII; one thousand twenty-five (1,025) MAU–209 C/ B or MAU–169 L/B CCGs for GBU–12 500 lbs Paveway II; one thousand twenty-five (1,025) MXU–650 K/B AFGs for GBU–12 500 lbs Paveway II; four thousand three hundred sixty-five (4,365) Joint Programmable Fuze, FMU–152 A/B for all GBU types. Also in-cludes Detector Sensing Unit (DSU)–38A/B Laser kits, DSU–33D/B proximity sensors, Wireless Paveway Avionics Kit (WIPAK) interfaces for Enhanced Paveway II bombs, repair and return services, transportation, engineering services, and other support serv-ices. The estimated value is $320.5 million. This proposed sale supports the foreign policy and national security of the United States by increasing the flexibility of Bel-gium, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, Greece, Hungary, Italy, Netherlands, Nor-way, Poland, Portugal, Spain and the United Kingdom—twelve NATO nations and one Partnership for Peace nation—to contribute to overseas contingency operations. This sale increases the quantity of precision-guid-ed munitions within NATO and allows for their pre-coordinated transfer in support of national and NATO requirements. The proposed sale improves NATO’s capa-bility to meet current and future ground threats with precision. NATO will use the enhanced capability as a deterrent to re-gional threats, and to increase interoper-ability within contingency operations. Many of the purchasing nations already have preci-sion-guided munitions in their inventories; and they will all have no difficulty absorbing these kits. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The prime contractors for production are the Boeing Corporation of St. Louis, Mis-souri, and Raytheon Missile Systems of Tuc-son, Arizona. The principle contractor for in-tegration is unknown and will be determined during contract negotiations. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connec-tion with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of any additional U.S. Government or contractor representa-tives to NATO. There is no adverse impact on U.S. defense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 18–39 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. Joint Direct Attack Munitions (JDAM) is a Joint Service weapon that uses an on-board GPS-aided Inertial Navigation System (INS) Guidance Set with a MK 82, MK 83, MK 84, BLU–109, BLU–110, BLU–111, BLU–117, BLU–126 (Navy) or BLU–129 warhead. The Guidance Set, when combined with a war-head and appropriate fuze, forms a JDAM Guided Bomb Unit (GBU). The JDAM Guid-ance Set gives these bombs adverse weather capability with improved accuracy. The JDAM weapon can be delivered from modest standoff ranges at high or low altitudes against a variety of land and surface targets during the day or night. After release, JDAM autonomously guides to a target, using the resident GPS-aided INS guidance system. JDAM is capable of receiving target coordi-nates via preplanned mission data from the delivery aircraft, by onboard aircraft sensors (i.e. FLIR, Radar, etc) during captive carry, or from a third party source via manual or automated aircrew cockpit entry. The KMU– 556 F/B, KMU–557 F/B are the tail kits for the GBU–31, the KMU–572 is the tail kit for the GBU–38. The JDAM as an All Up Round is UNCLASSIFIED; technical data for JDAM is classified up to SECRET. 2. Detector Sensor Unit (DSU)–38A/B is a laser-illuminated target detector that adds a Precision Laser Guidance Set (PLGS) to in-ventory JDAMs, giving the weapon system optional semi-active laser guidance in addi-tion to its other GPS/INS guidance modes. The DSU–38A/B is a DSU–33 (proximity fuze) form-factored passive laser seeker that can be easily installed in the field to the front of existing JDAM weapons and is connected to the Guidance Set via an externally mounted strap-on harness kit. The DSU–38 provides an additional capability to engage mobile tar-gets moving up to 70 mph. The addition of the DSU–38 Laser sensor combined with addi-tional cabling and mounting hardware turns a standard GBU–38 JDAM into a GBU–54 Laser JDAM. The DSU–38 hardware is UN-CLASSIFIED; technical data and other docu-mentation are classified up to SECRET. 3. Enhanced Paveway II (EPII), a Laser Guided Bomb (LGB), is a maneuverable, free- fall weapon that guides to a spot of laser en-ergy reflected off of the target. The ‘‘en-hanced’’ component is the addition of GPS guidance to the laser seeker. This dual-mode allows the weapon to operate in all-weather conditions. The LGB is delivered like a nor-mal general purpose (GP) warhead and the semi-active guidance corrects for many of the normal errors inherent in any delivery system. Laser designation for the LGB can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26NO6.004 S26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7080 November 26, 2018 
be provided by a variety of laser target markers or designators. An LGB consists of an Enhanced Computer Control Group (ECCG) that is not warhead-specific, and a warhead-specific Air Foil Group (AFG) that attaches to the nose and tail of a GP bomb body. The EPII can use either the FMU–152 or FMU–139 fuze. The overall weapon is clas-sified CONFIDENTIAL. GBU–48 is a 1,0001b (MK–84 or BLU–117 B/B) GP bomb body fitted with the MXU–667 AFG, and MAU–210 F/B ECCG to guide to its laser- designated target. GBU–49 is a 500 lbs (MK–82 or BLU–111 BB) GP bomb body fitted with the MXU–650 AFG, and MAU–210 F/B ECCGs to guide to its laser-designated target. 4. Paveway II (PWII), a Laser Guided Bomb (LGB), is a maneuverable, free-fall weapon that guides to a spot of laser energy re-flected off of the target. The LGB is deliv-ered like a normal general purpose (GP) war-head and the semi-active guidance corrects for many of the normal errors inherent in any delivery system. Laser designation for the LGB can be provided by a variety of laser target markers or designators. A LGB con-sists of a MAU–209 C/B or MAU–169 L/B Com-puter Control Group (CCG) that is not war-head-specific, and a warhead-specific Air Foil Group (AFG) that attaches to the nose and tail of a General Purpose bomb body. The PWII can use either the FMU–152 or FMU–139 fuze. The overall weapon is classi-fied CONFIDENTIAL. GBU–12 is a 5001bs (MK–82 or BLU–111 B/B) GP bomb body fitted with the MXU–650 AFG, and MAU–209 C/B or MAU–169 L/B CCGs to guide to its laser designated target. 5. Joint Programmable Fuze (JPF) FMU– 152 is a Multi-Delay, Multi-Arm and Prox-imity Sensor Compatible with General Pur-pose Blast, Frag and Hardened-Target Pene-trator Warheads. It is cockpit selectable in- flight (prior to release) when used with JDAM weapons. It can interface with the fol-lowing weapons: GBU–10, GBU–12, GBU–15, GBU–16, GBU–24, GBU–27, GBU–28, GBU–31, GBU–32, GBU–38, and AGM–130. The JPF hardware is UNCLASSIFIED. 6. If a technologically advanced adversary obtained knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the information could be used to develop countermeasures which might reduce weapon system effec-tiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capabili-ties. 7. A determination has been made that NSPA and the participating countries can provide substantially the same degree of pro-tection for the sensitive technology being re-leased as the U.S. Government. This sale is necessary in furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives out-lined in the Policy Justification. 8. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to NATO Support and Pro-curement Agency, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, Greece, Hungary, Italy, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Spain, and the United Kingdom. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 18–44, concerning the Navy’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Govern-ment of Japan for defense articles and serv-ices estimated to cost $561 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, CHARLES W. H OOPER , Lieutenant General, USA, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 18–44 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Japan. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $524 million. Other $37 million. Total $561 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Eight (8) Standard Missile–3 (SM–3) Block 1B Missiles. Thirteen (13) Standard Missile–3 (SM–3) Block 2A Missiles. Non-MDE: Also included are SM–3 1B and 2A missile canisters, U.S. Government and contractor provided technical assistance, en-gineering and logistical support services, and other related elements of logistical and pro-gram support. (iv) Military Department: Navy (JA–P– AUA). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: JA–P–ATP, JA–P–ATH. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: November 16, 2018. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Japan—Standard Missile–3 (SM–3) Missiles The Government of Japan has requested to buy eight (8) Standard Missile–3 (SM–3) Block 1B Missiles and thirteen (13) Standard Missile–3 (SM–3) Block 2A Missiles. Also in-cluded are SM–3 1B and 2A missile canisters, U.S. Government and contractor provided technical assistance, engineering and logistical support services, and other related elements of logistical and program support. The total estimated program cost is $561 mil-lion. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States by improving the security of a major ally that is a force for political sta-bility and economic progress in the Asia-Pa-cific region. It is vital to U.S. national inter-ests to assist Japan in developing and main-taining a strong and effective self-defense ca-pability. The proposed sale will provide Japan with an increased ballistic missile defense capa-bility to assist in defending the Japanese homeland and U.S. personnel stationed there. Japan will have no difficulty absorb-ing these additional munitions and support into the Japan Maritime Self Defense Force (JMSDF). The proposed sale of this equipment and support does not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The principal contractor for the SM–3 Block 1B and 2A All Up Rounds will be Raytheon Missile Systems, Tucson, Arizona. The prime contractor for the Mk–21 and Mk– 29 canisters and PHS&T kits will be BAE Systems, Minneapolis, Minnesota. There are no known offset agreements pro-posed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will require annual trips to Japan involving U.S. Government and contractor representatives for technical reviews, support, and oversight for approximately five years. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 18–44 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The proposed sale will involve the re-lease of sensitive technology to the Govern-ment of Japan related to the Standard Mis-sile–3 (SM–3): a. The Block 1B is an iteration of the SM– 3 family. It has distinct advantages over the older Block 1A variant previously sold to Japan, including an enhanced warhead which improves the search, discrimination, acquisi-tion and tracking functions in order to ad-dress emerging threats. Once enclosed in the canister, the SM–3 Block 1B missile is classi-fied CONFIDENTIAL. b. The ship- or ground-launched SM–3 Block 2A is the most recent iteration in the SM–3 family. It has two distinct new fea-tures: larger rocket motors that will allow it to defend broader areas from ballistic missile threats, and a larger kinetic warhead. The kinetic warhead has been enhanced, improv-ing the search, discrimination, acquisition and tracking functions, to address emerging threats. Once enclosed in the canister, the SM–3 Block 2A missile is classified CON-FIDENTIAL. The optics hardware and signal processor are classified SECRET. 2. If a technologically advanced adversary obtained knowledge of the specific hardware or software in the proposed sale, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter- measures which might reduce weapons sys-tem effectiveness or be used in the develop-ment of a system with similar or advanced capabilities. 3. A determination has been made that Japan can provide substantially the same de-gree of protection for the sensitive tech-nology being released as the U.S. Govern-ment. This sale is necessary in furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national secu-rity objectives outlined in the Policy Jus-tification. 4. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to Japan. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 18–45, concerning the Air Force’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Gov-ernment of Japan for defense articles and services estimated to cost $63 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, G
REGORY M. K AUSNER , (For Charles W. Hooper, Lieutenant General, USA, Director). Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 18–45 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Japan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26NO6.013 S26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7081 November 26, 2018 
(ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $60 million. Other $3 million. Total $63 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Thirty-two (32) AIM–120C–7 Advanced Me-dium Range Air-to-Air Missiles (AMRAAM). Non-MDE: Also included are containers, weapon support and support equipment, spare and repair parts, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical and logistical support services, and other related elements of logistical and program support. (iv) Military Department: Air Force (JA– D–YAO). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: JA–D–YAK, JA–D–YAI, JA–D–YAH. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: November 16, 2018. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Japan—AIM–120C–7 Advanced Medium-Range Air-to-Air Missiles (AMRAAM) The Government of Japan has requested to buy thirty-two (32) AIM–120C–7 Advanced Medium Range Air-to-Air Missiles (AMRAAM). Also included are containers, weapon support and support equipment, spare and repair parts, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical and logistical support services, and other related elements of logistical and program support. The total estimated program cost is $63 mil-lion. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States. Japan is one of the major po-litical and economic powers in East Asia and the Western Pacific and is a key partner of the United States in ensuring peace and sta-bility in that region. It is vital to U.S. na-tional interests to assist Japan in developing and maintaining a strong and effective self- defense capability. The proposed sale of these missiles will provide Japan a critical air defense capa-bility to assist in defending the Japanese homeland and U.S. personnel stationed there. Japan will have no difficulty absorb-ing these additional missiles into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support does not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The principal contractor will be Raytheon Missile Systems of Tucson, Arizona. There are no known offset agreements pro-posed in connection with this potential sale. Any offset agreement will be defined in nego-tiations between the Purchaser and the prime contractor. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of additional U.S. Government or contractor personnel in Japan. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 18–45 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The AIM–120C–7 Advance Medium Range Air-to-Air Missile (AMRAAM) is a radar guided missile featuring digital technology and micro-miniature solid-state electronics. AMRAAM capabilities include look-down/ shoot-down, multiple launches against mul-tiple targets, resistance to electronic coun-termeasures, and interception of high flying, low flying, and maneuvering targets. The AMRAAM All Up Round is classified CON-FIDENTIAL. The major components and subsystems are classified from UNCLASSI-FIED to CONFIDENTIAL, and technology data and other documentation are classified up to SECRET. 2. If a technologically advanced adversary obtained knowledge of the specific hardware or software in the proposed sale, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter- measures which might reduce weapons sys-tem effectiveness or be used in the develop-ment of a system with similar or advanced capabilities. 3. A determination has been made that Japan can provide substantially the same de-gree of protection for the sensitive tech-nology being released as the U.S. Govern-ment. This sale is necessary in furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national secu-rity objectives outlined in the Policy Jus-tification. 4. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to Japan. f RECOGNIZING DR. LEVESQUE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I am delighted to commend Dr. Levesque El-ementary School in Frenchville, ME, on being named a 2018 National Blue Ribbon Exemplary High Performing School. This outstanding school is one of only 349 schools across the country to receive Blue Ribbon recognition from the U.S. Department of Education this year. Created in 1982, the Blue Ribbon Schools Program honors public and pri-vate schools that are either academi-cally superior in their States or that demonstrate significant gains in stu-dent achievement. The schools singled out for this national recognition are models of high educational standards and accountability. This award continues a tradition of quality education at Dr. Levesque Ele-mentary School, which first received a Blue Ribbon in 1999. Serving 128 stu-dents from the small rural commu-nities of Frenchville and St. Agatha in northern Aroostook County, this school is succeeding in its mission to encourage engaged lifelong learners. As a native of Aroostook County, I am es-pecially proud of this accomplishment. Faculty and staff are committed to both academic excellence and each child’s social, emotional, and physical health. They work to ensure a safe and secure learning environment and to de-velop strong and collaborative rela-tionships with parents and community members. Teachers emphasize math and reading, while also giving students rich and diverse opportunities, from art and music to robotics and physical education. The Franco-American com-munities of Frenchville and St. Agatha are bilingual, and the school provides daily instruction in the French lan-guage and Acadian culture. The school’s name is a tribute to Dr. Romeo Levesque, who provided expert, dedicated, and compassionate medical care to these communities for many decades. The strong school community, where students are encouraged to pur-sue their interests and to be of service to others, honors his memory. I applaud the administrators, teach-ers, staff, and parents of Dr. Levesque Elementary School. Together, they are succeeding in their mission to build students’ confidence and generate mo-mentum for learning. They are making a difference in the lives of their stu-dents, helping them reach their full po-tential as independent, responsible learners and citizens. I congratulate the entire school community for this outstanding achievement. f 
RECOGNIZING FALMOUTH HIGH SCHOOL Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I am delighted to commend Falmouth High School of Falmouth, ME, on being named a 2018 National Blue Ribbon Ex-emplary High Performing School. This outstanding high school is one of only 349 schools across the country to re-ceive Blue Ribbon recognition from the U.S. Department of Education. Created in 1982, the Blue Ribbon Schools Program honors public and pri-vate schools that are either academi-cally superior in their States or that demonstrate significant gains in stu-dent achievement. The schools singled out for this national recognition are models of high educational standards and accountability. This award recognizes the hard work and determination of Falmouth High School’s students, faculty, and staff. This is a top-performing school on State-required assessments, and its strong commitment to professional de-velopment ensures that teachers, staff, and students are lifelong learners. This recognition adds to the town’s record of achievement in education; its middle and elementary schools were awarded Blue Ribbons in 2016 and 2017, respec-tively. Falmouth High School is known for its extensive extracurricular activities, which help forge a strong school com-munity where students are connected and encouraged to pursue their inter-ests. In addition to music, theater, and art presentations, the school provides the community with such offerings as robotics demonstrations, a film fes-tival, a science Olympiad, poetry slams, and math team competitions. A new school garden and greenhouse and a student technology team provide hands-on learning experiences. Many high school students serve their com-munity by mentoring students in the town’s elementary and middle schools. The school strives to address the varying needs of individual students. Falmouth’s innovative student cen-tered team brings together students, teachers, administrators, and coun-selors to provide a support network to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26NO6.010 S26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7082 November 26, 2018 
help ensure that all students have the opportunity to succeed academically and socially. This Blue Ribbon Award is a tribute not only to the students, but also to the administrators, teachers, staff, and parents of Falmouth High School. To-gether, they are accomplishing their mission to help students succeed in the classroom and as engaged citizens. They are making a difference in the lives of their students, helping them reach their full potential. I congratu-late the entire community for this well-deserved recognition. 
f 
RECOGNIZING YARMOUTH ELEMENTARY SCHOOL Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I am delighted to commend Yarmouth Ele-mentary School in Yarmouth, ME, on being named a 2018 National Blue Rib-bon Exemplary High Performing School. Serving 358 students from sec-ond through fourth grade, this out-standing school is one of only 349 schools across the country to receive Blue Ribbon recognition from the U.S. Department of Education. Created in 1982, the Blue Ribbon Schools Program honors public and pri-vate schools that are either academi-cally superior in their States or that demonstrate significant gains in stu-dent achievement. The schools singled out for this national recognition are models of high educational standards and accountability. The Blue Ribbon designation con-tinues a tradition of quality education in Yarmouth. The graduation rates and assessment test scores for the town’s K–12 school district consistently are among the highest in the State of Maine. Yarmouth Elementary School’s mis-sion statement, ‘‘Empowering all stu-dents to create fulfilling lives in a changing world,’’ is carried out daily. Students focus on the core values of fairness, citizenship, respect, and car-ing. The core curriculum has a strong focus on math, literacy, science, and social studies, with special programs that recognize each student’s indi-vidual learning style. Rich and diverse learning opportuni-ties are a part of every child’s experi-ence, from art and music, to library skills and physical education. The school involves all students in extra-curricular activities, which helps forge a strong school community where stu-dents are connected and encouraged to pursue their interests. Throughout the curriculum, students are also taught to use technology both effectively and re-sponsibly. Faculty, parents, and community members are committed to both aca-demic excellence and each child’s so-cial, emotional, and physical health. Faculty work to ensure a safe and se-cure learning environment and to de-velop strong and collaborative rela-tionships with parents and community members. An active parent-teacher or-ganization supports enriching edu-cational activities, and the Yarmouth School Foundation promotes excel-lence and innovation by funding a number of projects and initiatives. I applaud the administrators, teach-ers, staff, and parents of Yarmouth El-ementary School. Together, they are succeeding in their mission to build students’ confidence and generate mo-mentum for learning. I am pleased that the U.S. Department of Education has selected Yarmouth Elementary School for this well-deserved honor, and I con-gratulate the entire school community for this outstanding achievement. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO RICHARD ‘‘RICK’’ BERNDT ∑Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, this Wednesday, November 28, 2018, the Sis-ters of Mercy will be celebrating 50 years of service to Mercy Health Serv-ices provided by one of my longest and dearest friends, Richard O. Berndt. That is right: half a century of service. Rick is a senior partner at Gallagher, Evelius & Jones, LLP, a firm he joined after he assisted the firm’s founder, Francis X. Gallagher, at the Maryland Constitutional Convention in 1967. That was the year Rick earned his law degree from the University of Mary-land School of Law. That was where we met, and he has remained one of my closest and most trusted advisers ever since. He earned his bachelor’s degree from Villanova University in 1964 and went on to earn a master’s degree from Johns Hopkins University in 1970. His continued devotion to all three institu-tions—but, perhaps, especially his be-loved ‘‘Nova’’—knows no bounds. Rick, the son of German immigrant bakers, is actively and productively en-gaged in Maryland’s business commu-nity, and he currently serves on the boards of Mercy Health Services, Inc., and Johns Hopkins Medicine. Over the last five decades, Rick has served on the boards of Associated Catholic Char-ities, Inc., Baltimore Community Foundation, Baltimore Development Corporation, Baltimore Equitable Soci-ety Insurance Company, Center Stage, Inc., Maryland Academy of Sciences (Maryland Science Center), Goucher College, Good Samaritan Hospital, and the Board of Regents of the University of Maryland Higher Education System, and for-profit companies such as Mer-cantile Bankshares Corp. Rick has never sought the spotlight. Perhaps that is one of the reasons he has been so influential over the course of his career. As the Baltimore Sun re-ported in 2001, ‘‘Without making head-lines, Berndt played an important role in moving the Baltimore Archdiocese into the foreground on civil rights, re-building the Inner Harbor in the 1970s, shaping the campaigns and policies of leading Democrats, pushing a major statewide gun control measure and ne-gotiating the huge Inner Harbor East waterfront development.’’ Then-Dele-gate Howard P. ‘‘Pete’’ Rawlings re-ferred to Rick as ‘‘the political pope of Baltimore.’’ That was nearly 20 years ago; I can assure you Rick hasn’t slowed down since. Winston Churchill said, ‘‘We make a living by what we get; we make a life by what we give.’’ Rick has been suc-cessful as an attorney and in life be-cause his ethical compass has always been pointed to true north. He may be modest about his service, but it hasn’t gone unnoticed. Rick is the recipient of numerous public service awards includ-ing not one, but two, papal medals from Pope John Paul II; the Pro Bono Service Award from the University of Maryland School of Law Alumni Asso-ciation; the Frances Morton Froelicher Civic Statesmanship Award from the Citizens Planning and Housing Associa-tion; and the Greater Baltimore Com-mittee Award for Outstanding Service. In 1994, then-Cardinal William Keeler bestowed on Rick one of the highest honors the Roman Catholic Church can give to a layperson: the rank of Knight Commander in the Papal Order of St. Gregory the Great. One of the blessings of my life is to count Rick Berndt as a mentor, ad-viser, and friend. I hope my Senate col-leagues will join me, along with the Sisters of Mercy, Rick’s innumerable other friends, and his family in cele-brating his career and his legacy of selfless devotion to the service of oth-ers.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on November 20, 2018, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the House has passed the fol-lowing bill, without amendment: 
S. 3554. An act to extend the effective date for the sunset for collateral requirements for Small Business Administration disaster loans. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on November 20, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26NO6.013 S26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7083 November 26, 2018 
2018, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
CHENRY ) had signed the following en-rolled bill: 
S. 2152. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for assistance for vic-tims of child pornography, and for other pur-poses. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the en-rolled bills were signed on November 23, 2018, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. P
ERDUE ). 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 3:04 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
ESSER ) signed the following enrolled bills: 
H.R. 606. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1025 Nevin Avenue in Richmond, California, as the ‘‘Harold D. McCraw, Sr., Post Office Building’’. H.R. 1209. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 901 N. Francisco Avenue, Mission, Texas, as the ‘‘Mission Veterans Post Office Build-ing’’. H.R. 2979. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 390 West 5th Street in San Bernardino, California, as the ‘‘Jack H. Brown Post Of-fice Building’’. H.R. 3230. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 915 Center Avenue in Payette, Idaho, as the ‘‘Harmon Killebrew Post Office Build-ing’’. H.R. 4890. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9801 Apollo Drive in Upper Marlboro, Maryland, as the ‘‘Wayne K. Curry Post Of-fice Building’’. H.R. 4913. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 816 East Salisbury Parkway in Salisbury, Maryland, as the ‘‘Sgt. Maj. Wardell B. Tur-ner Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4946. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1075 North Tustin Street in Orange, Cali-fornia, as the ‘‘Specialist Trevor A. Win’E Post Office’’. H.R. 4960. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 511 East Walnut Street in Columbia, Mis-souri, as the ‘‘Spc. Sterling William Wyatt Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5349. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1325 Autumn Avenue in Memphis, Ten-nessee, as the ‘‘Judge Russell B. Sugarmon Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5504. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4801 West Van Giesen Street in West Rich-land, Washington, as the ‘‘Sergeant Dietrich Schmieman Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5737. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 108 West D Street in Alpha, Illinois, as the ‘‘Captain Joshua E. Steele Post Office’’. H.R. 5868. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 530 Claremont Avenue in Ashland, Ohio, as the ‘‘Bill Harris Post Office’’. H.R. 5935. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1355 North Meridian Road in Harristown, Illinois, as the ‘‘Logan S. Palmer Post Of-fice’’. H.R. 6116. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 362 North Ross Street in Beaverton, Michigan, as the ‘‘Colonel Alfred Asch Post Office’’. The enrolled bills were subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The message also announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 5787. An act to amend the Coastal Barrier Resources Act to give effect to more accurate maps of units of the John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System that were produced by digital mapping of such units, and for other purposes. H.R. 6784. An act to provide for removal of the gray wolf in the contiguous 48 States from the List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife published under the Endangered Species Act of 1973. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 5787. An act to amend the Coastal Barrier Resources Act to give effect to more accurate maps of units of the John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System that were produced by digital mapping of such units, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. H.R. 6784. An act to provide for removal of the gray wolf in the contiguous 48 States from the List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife published under the Endangered Species Act of 1973; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the sec-ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 3649. A bill to provide for programs to help reduce the risk that prisoners will recidivate upon release from prison, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–7072. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief, Wireless Telecommunications Bu-reau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Creation of Interstitial 12.5 Kilohertz Channels in the 800 MHz Band Be-tween 809–817/854–862 MHz et al’’ ((WP Docket No. 15–32) (FCC 18–143)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7073. A communication from the Chief, Pricing Policy Division, Federal Commu-nications Commission, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Comprehensive Review of the Part 32 Uni-form System of Accounts; Jurisdictional Separations and Referral to the Federal- State Joint Board’’ ((WP Docket No. 14–130) (FCC 18–141)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7074. A communication from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Section 73.3613 of the Commission’s Rules Regarding Filing of Contracts, Mod-ernization of Media Regulation Initiative’’ ((RIN No. 3060–AK71) (MP Docket No. 18–4 and MP Docket No. 17–105) (FCC 18–145)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7075. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief, Mobility Division, Federal Com-munications Commission, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Promoting Investment in the 3550–3700 MHz Band’’ ((GN Docket No. 17–258) (FCC 18–149)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7076. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Federal Communications Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revisions to Safety Standards for portable Hook-On Chairs’’ ((Docket No. CPSC–2015–0016) (FCC 18–145)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 13, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7077. A communication from the Para-legal Specialist, Federal Transit Administra-tion, Department of Transportation, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Environmental Impacts and Re-lated Procedures’’ (RIN2132–AB26) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7078. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Federal Highway Administra-tion, Department of Transportation, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Design Standards for Highways’’ (RIN2125–AF72) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7079. A communication from the Senior Attorney-Advisor, Federal Highway Admin-istration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Environmental Impact and Related Procedures’’ (RIN2125–AF60) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7080. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Inseason Adjustment to the 2018 Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Pollock, Atka Mack-erel, and Pacific Cod Total Allowable Catch Amounts; Correction’’ (RIN0648–XF866) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7081. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Non-American Fisheries Act Crab Vessels Operating as Catcher Vessels Using Pot Gear in the Cen-tral Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF940) received in the Office of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26NO6.007 S26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7084 November 26, 2018 
President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7082. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XG001) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 14, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7083. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Inseason Closure of the 2018 Gulf of Mexico Commercial Greater Amberjack Season’’ (RIN0648–XG110) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7084. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Commercial Harvest Trip Limit Reduction for Vermilion Snapper in the South Atlan-tic’’ (RIN0648–XG173) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7085. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘At-lantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries; Temporary Rule; An-nual Adjustment of Purse Seine and Reserve Category Quota; Inseason Quota Transfer from Reserve Category to Longline Cat-egory’’ (RIN0648–XF866) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 14, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7086. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Cor-rection of Atka Mackerel Specification in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands’’ (RIN0648–XG158) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7087. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Re-allocation of 2018 Bering Sea and Aleutian Is-lands Pollock’’ (RIN0648–XG048) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7088. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pro-hibition of Retention of Non-CDQ Sablefish in the Bering Sea’’ (RIN0648–XG161) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7089. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pacific Cod in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area’’ (RIN0648–XF859) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 14, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7090. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Catcher Vessels Using Trawl Gear in the Western Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF904) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7091. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pollock in Statistical Area 620 in the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF901) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7092. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Vessels using Pot Gear in the Western Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF905) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7093. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pollock in Statistical Area 610 in the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XG076) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7094. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Atka Mackerel in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Man-agement Area’’ (RIN0648–XF889) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7095. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Ad-justment of the 2018 Gulf of Alaska Pollock and Pacific Cod Total Allowable Catch Amounts’’ (RIN0648–XF867) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 14, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7096. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XG063) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 14, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7097. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘At-lantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries; Temporary Rule; Inseason General Category Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XF890) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7098. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘At-lantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries; Closure of the Gen-eral Category December 2017 Fishery’’ (RIN0648–XF868) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7099. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pa-cific Coast Groundfish Fishery; 2017–2018 Bi-ennial Specifications and Management Meas-ures; Inseason Adjustments for September 2017’’ (RIN0648–BH47) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7100. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘International Fisheries; Western and Cen-tral Pacific Fisheries for Highly Migratory Species; 2017 Purse Seine FAD Fishery Clo-sure’’ (RIN0648–XF873) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7101. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pa-cific Island Pelagic Fisheries; 2017 United States Territorial Longline Bigeye Tuna Catch Limits for the Territory of American Samoa’’ (RIN0648–XF156) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 14, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7102. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Declaration of Catastrophic Conditions Re-sulting from Hurricane Irma’’ (RIN0648– XF723) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7103. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Inseason Closure of the Southern Zone to Commercial Hook-and-Line Fishing for Gulf Group King Mackerel for the 2017–2018 Fish-ing Year’’ (RIN0648–XG034) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 14, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7104. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Recreational Harvest Reopening for Red Snapper in the South Atlantic’’ (RIN0648– XF848) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7105. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘At-lantic Highly Migratory Species; Temporary Rule; Swordfish General Commercial Permit Retention Limit Inseason Adjustment for Northwest Atlantic, Gulf of Mexico, and United States Caribbean Regions from Janu-ary 1 through June 30, 2018’’ (RIN0648–XF817) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7106. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Inseason Closure of the Grey Triggerfish 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26NO6.017 S26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7085 November 26, 2018 
Commercial Fishing Season in Federal Waters of the Gulf of Mexico’’ (RIN0648– XF815) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7107. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Commercial Harvest Closure for Grey Triggerfish in the South Atlantic’’ (RIN0648– XF810) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7108. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Commercial Harvest Closure for Atlantic Migratory Group Spanish Mackerel Northern Zone’’ (RIN0648–XF765) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7109. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Commer-cial Quota Harvested for the State of New Jersey’’ (RIN0648–XF856) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 14, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7110. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XF879) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 14, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7111. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Skate Complex; Adjust-ment to the Skate Wing Inseason Possession Limit’’ (RIN0648–XF883) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 14, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7112. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Commer-cial Quota Harvested for the State of Rhode Island’’ (RIN0648–XF814) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 14, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7113. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Herring Fishery; Adjust-ment to the Atlantic Herring Management Area 1A Annual Catch Limit’’ (RIN0648– XF774) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7114. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Bluefish Fishery; Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XF821) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 14, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7115. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Bluefish Fishery; Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XF807) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 14, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7116. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘At-lantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries; Temporary Rule; Inseason Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XF805) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7117. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘At-lantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries; Closure of the Gen-eral Category September Fishery’’ (RIN0648– XF699) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7118. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pollock in Statistical Area 630 in the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XG078) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7119. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Re-allocation of 2018 Bering Sea and Aleutian Is-lands Pollock’’ (RIN0648–XF979) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7120. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Catcher/Proc-essors Using Hook-and-Line Gear in the Cen-tral Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF893) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7121. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Exchange of Flatfish in the Ber-ing Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XF842) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7122. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Ocean Perch in the Ber-ing Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XF838) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7123. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod in the Bering Sea Subarea of the Bering Sea and Aleutian Is-lands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XG023) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7124. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pollock in Statistical Area 630 in the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF902) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7125. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Catcher Vessels Less Than 50 Feet Using Hook-and-Line Gear in the Central Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF892) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 14, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7126. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Release of Groundfish Reserves in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands’’ (RIN0648–XF702) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7127. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pacific Cod in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area’’ (RIN0648–XF908) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 14, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7128. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Catcher Vessels using Hook-and-Line Gear in the Western Regu-latory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648– XF907) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7129. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Vessels Using Jig Gear in the Central Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF894) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7130. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Com-mercial Trip Limit Increase for Atlantic Mi-gratory Group King Mackerel off Florida Be-tween the Flagler/Volusia and Miami-Dade/ Monroe Country Lines’’ (RIN0648–XG009) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26NO6.020 S26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7086 November 26, 2018 
EC–7131. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Kamchatka Flounder in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XG305) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7132. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Catcher Vessels Less Than 60 Feet (18.3 Meters) Length Over-all Using Hook-and-Line or Pot Gear in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area’’ (RIN0648–XF866) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 14, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7133. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures; Miscella-neous Amendments (76)’’ (RIN2120–AA65) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7134. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures; Miscella-neous Amendments (87)’’ (RIN2120–AA65) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7135. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures; Miscella-neous Amendments (39)’’ (RIN2120–AA65) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7136. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures; Miscella-neous Amendments (66)’’ (RIN2120–AA65) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7137. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of the Prohibition Against Certain Flights in Specified Areas of the Simferopol and Dnipropetrovsk Flight Information Re-gions FIRs UKFV and UKDV’’ ((RIN2120– AL39) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0225)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7138. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Extension of the Prohibition Against Certain Flights in the Baghdad Flight Information Region FIR(ORBB)’’ ((RIN2120–AL06) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0927)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7139. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Air Traffic Services (ATS Routes in the Vicinity of Mattoon and Charleston, Illi-nois)’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0219)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7140. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Air Traffic Service (ATS Routes in the Vicinity of Chicago, Illinois)’’ ((RIN2120– AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0230)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7141. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D Airspace; Tulsa, Oklahoma’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0094)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7142. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace Merced, California’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2018–1092)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7143. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and E Airspace; Atwater, California’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2018–1091)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7144. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of V–97 and B–422 in the Vicinity of Chicago, Illinois’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0464)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7145. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and E Airspace; Aurora, Or-egon’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–1034)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7146. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class Airspace; Augusta, Georgia and Establishment of Class E Airspace; Waynesboro, Georgia’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0369)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 13, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7147. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Cambridge, Mary-land’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0468)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7148. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Gustavus, Arkan-sas’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2018– 0127)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7149. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Crystal Springs, Mississippi’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9442)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7150. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Hoonah, Arkan-sas’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2018– 0126)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7151. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0078)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7152. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier Inc., Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0160)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7153. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier Inc., Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0586)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7154. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26NO6.022 S26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7087 November 26, 2018 
Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier Inc., Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0161)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7155. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Pratt and Whitney Division (PW) Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0368)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 13, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7156. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; General Electric Company Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0406)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7157. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; General Electric Company Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0898)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7158. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Glasflugel Gliders’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0891)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7159. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Honda Aircraft Company LLC’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0513)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7160. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Pratt and Whitney Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–1206)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7161. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Austro Engines GmbH En-gines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–1138)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7162. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Viking Air Limited Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0189)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7163. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier Inc., Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0553)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7164. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bell Helicopter Textron Can-ada Limited Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0254)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 13, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7165. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Harmonization of Fire Protection Equip-ment Standards for Towing Vessels’’ ((RIN1625–AC43) (Docket No. USCG–2017– 1060)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7166. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Fox River, Brown County Fireworks, Green Bay, WI’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0910)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 13, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7167. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Hornblower Fireworks Dis-play; San Francisco Bay; San Francisco, CA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018– 0847)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7168. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Delaware River; Penn’s Land-ing; Philadelphia, PA; Fireworks Display’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018– 0711)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7169. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Blue Angels Air Show; St. Johns River, Jacksonville, FL’’ ((RIN1625– AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0232)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7170. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; San Diego Bay, San Diego, CA’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2018–869)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7171. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Hacken-sack River, Jersey City, NJ’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0110)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 13, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7172. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Ana-costia River, Washington, DC’’ ((RIN1625– AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0473)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7173. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Duluth Ship Canal, Duluth-Superior Harbor, MN’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2018– 0181)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7174. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Allegheny River, miles 0.25 to 0.7, Pittsburgh, PA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0986)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7175. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Tankers - Automatic Pilot Systems’’ ((RIN1625–AC27) (Docket No. USCG–2015– 0926)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7176. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Tchefuncta River, Madisonville, LA’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2016– 0963)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 2166. A bill to maintain annual base funding for the Upper Colorado and San Juan fish recovery programs through fiscal year 2023, to require a report on the implementa-tion of those programs, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 115–374). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: S. 2870. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the site known as ‘‘Amache’’ in the State of Colorado (Rept. No. 115–375). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26NO6.024 S26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7088 November 26, 2018 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment: S. 3245. A bill to require the Secretary of Agriculture to transfer certain National For-est System land in the State of Texas (Rept. No. 115–376). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: H.R. 1967. A bill to amend the Reclamation Project Act of 1939 to authorize pumped stor-age hydropower development utilizing mul-tiple Bureau of Reclamation reservoirs (Rept. No. 115–377). H.R. 5979. A bill to establish the Mill Springs Battlefield National Monument in the State of Kentucky as a unit of the Na-tional Park System, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–378). By Mr. BARRASSO, from the Committee on Environment and Public Works: Report to accompany S. 1934, a bill to pre-vent catastrophic failure or shutdown of re-mote diesel power engines due to emission control devices, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–379). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 2397. A bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a data framework to provide access for appropriate personnel to law enforcement and other in-formation of the Department, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–380). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with amendments: S. 3137. A bill to provide for reforming agencies of the Federal Government to im-prove efficiency and effectiveness (Rept. No. 115–381). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 3208. A bill to provide agencies with dis-cretion in securing information technology and information systems (Rept. No. 115–382). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: S. 3251. A bill to require executive agencies to consider rental in any analysis for equip-ment acquisition, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–383). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 3405. A bill to reauthorize the Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards Program of the Department of Homeland Security (Rept. No. 115–384). S. 3437. A bill to establish a Federal rota-tional cyber workforce program for the Fed-eral cyber workforce (Rept. No. 115–385). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with amendments: S. 3487. A bill to amend the Presidential Transition Act of 1963 to improve the orderly transfer of the executive power during Presi-dential transitions (Rept. No. 115–386). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and an amendment to the title: H.R. 1132. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for a 2-year prohibi-tion on employment in a career civil service position for any former political appointee, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–387). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 3085. A bill to establish a Federal Acqui-sition Security Council and to provide execu-tive agencies with authorities relating to mitigating supply chain risks in the procure-ment of information technology, and for other purposes. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ): S. 6. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to establish Lifelong Learning and Training Account programs; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mrs. ERNST (for herself, Mr. K
ING, Mr. G
ARDNER , and Mr. H EINRICH ): S. 3656. A bill to authorize the Department of Energy to conduct collaborative research with the Department of Veterans Affairs in order to improve healthcare services for vet-erans in the United States, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ): S. 3657. A bill to reauthorize the Traumatic Brain Injury program; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. E NZI, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. S COTT, Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. J ONES , Ms. H AS-
SAN, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B
OOKER , Ms. S MITH, Mr. K ING, Mr. C
ASEY , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. D
AINES , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. B OOZMAN , and Mrs. M
URRAY ): S. Res. 704. A resolution expressing support for the goals of National Adoption Day and National Adoption Month by promoting na-tional awareness of adoption and the chil-dren awaiting families, celebrating children and families involved in adoption, and en-couraging the people of the United States to secure safety, permanency, and well-being for all children; considered and agreed to. By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Ms. B
ALDWIN ): S. Res. 705. A resolution designating De-cember 3, 2018, as ‘‘National Phenyl-ketonuria Awareness Day’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and Mr. S
CHUMER ): S. Res. 706. A resolution to authorize rep-resentation by the Senate Legal Counsel in the case of Jacob R. Kent, et al., v. R.L. Vallee, Inc., et al.; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 206 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 206, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to allow the Sec-retary of Education to award job train-ing Federal Pell Grants. S. 352 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the names of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ), the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ), the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) and the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 352, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Master Sergeant Rodrick ‘‘Roddie’’ Edmonds in recogni-tion of his heroic actions during World War II. 
S. 636 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 636, a bill to allow Americans to earn paid sick time so that they can address their own health needs and the health needs of their families. 
S. 783 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 783, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to distribute maternity care health professionals to health professional shortage areas identified as in need of maternity care health services. 
S. 821 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ), the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 821, a bill to promote access for United States offi-cials, journalists, and other citizens to Tibetan areas of the People’s Republic of China, and for other purposes. 
S. 910 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 910, a bill to prohibit discrimina-tion against individuals with disabil-ities who need long-term services and supports, and for other purposes. 
S. 1122 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1122, a bill to amend the Occupa-tional Safety and Health Act of 1970 to clarify when the time period for the issuance of citations under such Act begins and to require a rule to clarify that an employer’s duty to make and maintain accurate records of work-re-lated injuries and illnesses is an ongo-ing obligation. 
S. 1127 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1127, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prevent unjust and irrational criminal punishments. 
S. 1136 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1136, a bill to improve the struc-ture of the Federal Pell Grant pro-gram, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26NO6.027 S26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7089 November 26, 2018 
S. 1301 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1301, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the distribution of additional residency positions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1446 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1446, a bill to reauthorize the His-torically Black Colleges and Univer-sities Historic Preservation program. 
S. 1674 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1674, a bill to provide grants for the re-pair, renovation, and construction of public elementary schools and sec-ondary schools, to establish a school infrastructure bond program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1868 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1868, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide tax credits for energy storage technologies, and for other purposes. 
S. 1958 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1958, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to require Internet- based, real-time responses to requests to verify taxpayer income for legiti-mate business purposes, and for other purposes. 
S. 2018 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2018, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make the child tax credit fully refundable, establish an increased child tax credit for young children, and for other purposes. 
S. 2076 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2076, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the expansion of activities related to Alzheimer’s dis-ease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Disease and Healthy Aging Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2227 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the names of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ), the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) and the Sen-ator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2227, a bill to reauthorize the Money Follows the Person Demonstration Program. 
S. 2500 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2500, a bill to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal, collectively, to the women in the United States who joined the workforce during World War II, providing the vehicles, weaponry, and ammunition to win the war, that were referred to as ‘‘Rosie the Riveter’’, in recognition of their contributions to the United States and the inspiration they have provided to ensuing genera-tions. S. 3110 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3110, a bill to support educational entities in fully implementing title IX and reducing and preventing sex dis-crimination in all areas of education. 
S. 3130 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3130, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the disapproval of any course of education for purposes of the educational assist-ance programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs unless the educational institution providing the course per-mits individuals to attend or partici-pate in courses pending payment by Department, and for other purposes. 
S. 3178 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3178, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to specify lynching as a deprivation of civil rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 3476 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3476, a bill to extend certain au-thorities relating to United States ef-forts to combat HIV/AIDS, tuber-culosis, and malaria globally, and for other purposes. 
S. 3486 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3486, a bill to provide humani-tarian relief to the Venezuelan people and Venezuelan migrants, to advance a constitutional and democratic solution to Venezuela’s political crisis, to ad-dress Venezuela’s economic reconstruc-tion, to combat public corruption, nar-cotics trafficking, and money laun-dering, and for other purposes. 
S. 3604 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3604, a bill to require a study to determine the best available estimate of the total amount of non-highway recreational fuel taxes re-ceived by the Secretary of the Treas-ury. 
S. 3610 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
UR-KOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3610, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to establish a Medicare payment option for patients and eligible professionals to freely con-tract, without penalty, for Medicare fee-for-service items and services, while allowing Medicare beneficiaries to use their Medicare benefits. 
S. 3644 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) and the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3644, a bill to authorize a special resource study on the spread vectors of chronic wasting disease in Cervidae, and for other purposes. 
S. 3649 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ), the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Sen-ator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ), the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ), the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ), the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER ) and the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3649, a bill to provide for programs to help reduce the risk that prisoners will recidivate upon release from prison, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 629 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ), the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. Res. 629, a resolution ex-pressing the sense of the Senate with respect to enhanced relations with the Republic of Moldova and support for Moldova’s territorial integrity. 
S. RES. 674 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 674, a resolution recognizing the month of October 2018 as ‘‘National Principals Month’’. 
S. RES. 702 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ), the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ), the Sen-ator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) and the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 702, a resolution recognizing National Na-tive American Heritage Month and celebrating the heritages and cultures of Native Americans and the contribu-tions of Native Americans to the United States. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ): S. 3657. A bill to reauthorize the Traumatic Brain Injury program; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise today to introduce the Traumatic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26NO6.029 S26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7090 November 26, 2018 
Brain Injury Program Reauthorization Act of 2018. I want to thank my col-league, Senator Casey, for working with me once again on important legis-lation to reauthorize the Federal Trau-matic Brain Injury program, which is dedicated to improving the delivery and quality of care for persons with traumatic brain injury — or, TBI. Each year, millions of Americans suf-fer TBIs as a result of automobile colli-sions, falls, recreational accidents, as-saults, and other tragic incidents. TBI has also been called a signature wound of recent wars. In 2016, the Department of Defense reported more than 18,000 service members diagnosed with trau-matic brain injury. A survivor of a se-vere brain injury typically faces years of intensive health and rehabilitation services, with estimated lifetime costs in the millions. In 1996, I worked with my good friend Senator Ted Kennedy on the original TBI Act to help limit the suffering, death, and long-term disability that re-sults from TBI. Our legislation marked the beginning of a multifaceted Fed-eral endeavor to address the needs of persons with TBI and their families. The 1996 TBI law authorized research, not only for the treatment of trau-matic brain injury, but also for preven-tion and awareness programs to help decrease the occurrence of TBI and im-prove patient outcomes. It was the first Federal legislation to focus on im-proving education, protection, and state services coordination for TBI. Today’s TBI program maintains that original framework of prevention, edu-cation, access, and protection. The Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention (CDC) conducts projects to re-duce the incidence of traumatic brain injury. Through the Administration for Community Living (ACL), the TBI State Partnership Grant Program helps States and territories to build service infrastructure and improve ac-cess to services and supports. Through the ACL, the TBI program also supports protection and advocacy to provide TBI survivors with informa-tion and referral services, and to help resolve legal and administrative prob-lems for individuals or groups of indi-viduals with developmental disabil-ities. Our bill reauthorizes TBI activi-ties at the CDC and ACL. The CDC has reported that about 2.5 million children and adults sustain TBIs each year. But we do not truly know the incidence and prevalence of TBI or the lifelong disability it can cause. Surveillance is especially impor-tant to our efforts to reduce the public health burden of TBI. Improved data collection can help both primary pre-vention of TBI, and acute care and re-habilitation. Prevention programs should be targeted to address at-risk populations and specific causes of TBI. And accurate data are needed to im-prove TBI survivors’ access to nec-essary services. At present, CDC is piloting a Na-tional Concussion Surveillance System as a means to fill these gaps and pro-vide a better estimate of the TBI bur-den. This system is an effort that aligns with recommendations made in a 2013 report from the National Acad-emies for Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine, as well as proposals included in President’s Budget requests. When taken to scale following the pilot study, this system has the capac-ity to provide the first truly com-prehensive incidence of TBI in children across the lifespan and at a national level. It also has the potential to im-prove our understanding of the full range of circumstances leading to TBI and track healthcare utilization and services received after a TBI event. By collecting information over multiple years, we can also track whether the problem is getting better or worse, and if prevention efforts are actually work-ing. The Traumatic Brain Injury Program Reauthorization of 2018 is supported by the Brain Injury Association of Amer-ica (BIAA) and the National Associa-tion of State Head Injury Administra-tors (NASHIA). It will extend impor-tant prevention, education, State pro-gram support, and protection and advo-cacy activities for an additional five years. It will also help to gather the data that we need to make those pro-grams better, and, ultimately, to im-prove TBI survivors’ access to nec-essary services. I urge my colleagues to support our efforts to continue improv-ing the delivery and quality of care for persons living with TBI by helping to pass the Traumatic Brain Injury Pro-gram Reauthorization of 2018. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 704—EX-PRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE GOALS OF NATIONAL ADOPTION DAY AND NATIONAL ADOPTION MONTH BY PROMOTING NA-TIONAL AWARENESS OF ADOP-TION AND THE CHILDREN AWAITING FAMILIES, CELE-BRATING CHILDREN AND FAMI-LIES INVOLVED IN ADOPTION, AND ENCOURAGING THE PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES TO SE-CURE SAFETY, PERMANENCY, AND WELL-BEING FOR ALL CHIL-DREN Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. E NZI, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. S COTT, Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. J ONES , Ms. H AS-
SAN, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B
OOKER , Ms. S MITH, Mr. K ING, Mr. C
ASEY , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. D
AINES , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. B OOZMAN , and Mrs. M
URRAY ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 704 Whereas there are millions of unparented children in the world, including 437,465 chil-dren in the foster care system in the United States, approximately 117,794 of whom are waiting for families to adopt them; Whereas 64 percent of the children in foster care in the United States are age 10 or younger; Whereas the average length of time a child spends in foster care is approximately 20 months; Whereas, for many foster children, the wait for a loving family in which the chil-dren are nurtured, comforted, and protected seems endless; Whereas, in 2016, 20,532 youth ‘‘aged out’’ of foster care by reaching adulthood without being placed in a permanent home; Whereas, every day, loving and nurturing families are strengthened and expanded when committed and dedicated individuals make an important difference in the life of a child through adoption; Whereas, while nearly a quarter of individ-uals in the United States have considered adoption, a majority of individuals in the United States have misperceptions about the process of adopting children from foster care and the children who are eligible for adop-tion; Whereas 46 percent of individuals in the United States believe that children enter the foster care system because of juvenile delin-quency, when in reality the vast majority of children who have entered the foster care system were victims of neglect, abandon-ment, or abuse; Whereas 39 percent of individuals in the United States believe that foster care adop-tion is expensive, when in reality there is no substantial cost for adopting from foster care and financial support is available to adoptive parents after an adoption is final-ized; Whereas family reunification, kinship care, and domestic and intercountry adop-tion promote permanency and stability to a far greater degree than long-term institu-tionalization or long-term, often disrupted, foster care; Whereas November is National Adoption Month, and National Adoption Day occurs in November; Whereas National Adoption Day is a collec-tive national effort to find permanent, loving families for children in the foster care sys-tem; Whereas, since the first National Adoption Day in 2000, more than 70,000 children have joined permanent families on National Adop-tion Day; and Whereas the President traditionally issues an annual proclamation to declare the month of November as National Adoption Month, and National Adoption Day is on No-vember 17, 2018: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals and ideals of Na-tional Adoption Day and National Adoption Month; (2) recognizes that every child should have a permanent and loving family; and (3) encourages the people of the United States to consider adoption during the month of November and throughout the year. f SENATE RESOLUTION 705—DESIG-NATING DECEMBER 3, 2018, AS ‘‘NATIONAL PHENYLKETONURIA AWARENESS DAY’’ Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Ms. B
ALDWIN ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26NO6.033 S26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7091 November 26, 2018 
S. R ES. 705 Whereas phenylketonuria (in this preamble referred to as ‘‘PKU’’) is a rare, inherited metabolic disorder that is characterized by the inability of the body to process the es-sential amino acid phenylalanine and which causes intellectual disability and other neu-rological problems, such as memory loss and mood disorders, when treatment is not start-ed within the first few weeks of life; Whereas PKU is also referred to as Phenylalanine Hydroxylase Deficiency; Whereas newborn screening for PKU was initiated in the United States in 1963 and was recommended for inclusion in State newborn screening programs under the Newborn Screening Saves Lives Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–204); Whereas approximately 1 out of every 15,000 infants in the United States is born with PKU; Whereas PKU is treated with medical food; Whereas the 2012 Phenylketonuria Sci-entific Review Conference affirmed the rec-ommendation of lifelong dietary treatment for PKU made by the National Institutes of Health Consensus Development Conference Statement 2000; Whereas, in 2014, the American College of Medical Genetics and Genomics and Genetic Metabolic Dieticians International published medical and dietary guidelines on the opti-mal treatment of PKU; Whereas medical foods are medically nec-essary for children and adults living with PKU; Whereas adults with PKU who discontinue treatment are at risk for serious medical issues, such as depression, impulse control disorder, phobias, tremors, and pareses; Whereas women with PKU must maintain strict metabolic control before and during pregnancy to prevent fetal damage; Whereas children born from untreated mothers with PKU may have a condition known as ‘‘maternal phenylketonuria syn-drome’’, which can cause small brains, intel-lectual disabilities, birth defects of the heart, and low birth weights; Whereas, although there is no cure for PKU, treatment involving medical foods, medications, and restriction of phenylalanine intake can prevent progres-sive, irreversible brain damage; Whereas access to health insurance cov-erage for medical food varies across the United States and the long-term costs asso-ciated with caring for untreated children and adults with PKU far exceed the cost of pro-viding medical food treatment; Whereas gaps in medical foods coverage has a detrimental impact on individuals with PKU, their families, and society; Whereas scientists and researchers are hopeful that breakthroughs in PKU research will be forthcoming; Whereas researchers across the United States are conducting important research projects involving PKU; and Whereas the Senate is an institution that can raise awareness of PKU among the gen-eral public and the medical community: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates December 3, 2018, as ‘‘Na-tional Phenylketonuria Awareness Day’’; (2) encourages all people in the United States to become more informed about phenylketonuria and the role of medical foods in treating phenylketonuria; and (3) respectfully requests that the Secretary of the Senate transmit an enrolled copy of this resolution to the National PKU Alli-ance, a nonprofit organization dedicated to improving the lives of individuals with phenylketonuria. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 706—TO AU-THORIZE REPRESENTATION BY THE SENATE LEGAL COUNSEL IN THE CASE OF JACOB R. KENT, ET AL., V. R.L. VALLEE, INC., ET AL Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and Mr. S
CHUMER ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 706 Whereas, in the case of Jacob R. Kent, et al., v. R.L. Vallee, Inc., et al., Case No. 617–6–15, pending in the Superior Court of Vermont in Chittenden County, defendant R.L. Vallee, Inc. has issued a deposition subpoena for tes-timony and documents to Daniel McLean, an employee in Senator Sanders’ office; Whereas, pursuant to sections 703(a) and 704(a)(2) of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978, 2 U.S.C. §§288b(a) and 288c(a)(2), the Senate may direct its counsel to represent current or former Members, officers, and em-ployees of the Senate with respect to any subpoena, order, or request for testimony or documents relating to their official respon-sibilities; Whereas, by the privileges of the Senate of the United States and Rule XI of the Stand-ing Rules of the Senate, no evidence under the control or in the possession of the Senate may, by the judicial or administrative proc-ess, be taken from such control or possession but by permission of the Senate: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate Legal Counsel is authorized to represent Senator Sanders’ of-fice and Mr. McLean in this matter and in all proceedings related to it. Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, on behalf of myself and the distinguished Democratic leader, Mr. S
CHUMER , I send to the desk a resolution author-izing representation by the Senate Legal Counsel and ask for its imme-diate consideration. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, this resolution concerns a State court civil case alleging price fixing in gasoline markets in northwest Vermont, in which one of the defendants has issued to an employee in Senator S
ANDERS ’ Burlington, Vermont office a deposi-tion subpoena for testimony and docu-ments arising out of his Senate duties. Senator S
ANDERS is opposing this sub-poena on grounds of sovereign immu-nity and the absolute immunity af-forded the Senator and his staff under the Speech or Debate Clause, as well as for imposing an undue burden. This resolution would authorize the Senate Legal Counsel to represent Senator S
ANDERS ’ office and his employee and to move to quash the subpoena. 
h 
FOREIGN TRAVEL FINANCIAL REPORTS In accordance with the appropriate provisions of law, the Secretary of the Senate herewith submits the following re-ports for standing committees of the Senate, certain joint committees of the Congress, delegations and groups, and select and special committees of the Senate, relating to expenses incurred in the performance of authorized foreign travel: CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Richard Shelby: Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 430.61 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 430.61 Russia ....................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 4,504.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 4,504.00 Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... 1,219.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,219.00 Senator Jerry Moran: Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 430.61 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 430.61 Russia ....................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 4,504.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 4,504.00 Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... 1,219.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,219.00 Senator John Hoeven: Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 373.47 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 373.47 Russia ....................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 4,218.29 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 4,218.29 Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... 349.19 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 349.19 Senator John Kennedy: Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 430.61 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 430.61 Russia ....................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 4,504.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 4,504.00 Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... 1,146.99 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,146.99 Senator Steve Daines: Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 400.61 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 400.61 Russia ....................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 3,271.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 3,271.00 Shannon Hines: Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 372.06 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 372.06 Russia ....................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 4,504.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 4,504.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A26NO6.015 S26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7092 November 26, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2018—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... 1,218.99 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,218.99 Brian Potts: Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 372.06 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 372.06 Russia ....................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 4,504.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 4,504.00 Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... 1,146.99 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,146.99 Anne Caldwell: Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 372.06 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 372.06 Russia ....................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 4,504.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 4,504.00 Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... 1,146.99 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,146.99 Katie Britt: Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 372.06 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 372.06 Russia ....................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 4,504.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 4,504.00 Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... 1,146.99 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,146.99 Brennan Britton: Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 372.06 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 372.06 Russia ....................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 4,504.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 4,504.00 Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... 1,146.99 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,146.99 Josh Carter: Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 319.49 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 319.49 Russia ....................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 4,236.15 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 4,236.15 Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... 328.76 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 328.76 Jason Thielman: Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 342.06 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 342.06 Russia ....................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 3,271.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 3,271.00 Paul Grove: Thailand .................................................................................................... Baht ............... ....................................... .................... 482.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 482.00 Bangladesh ............................................................................................... Taka .................. .................................... .................... 227.27 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 227.27 Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... 178.63 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 178.63 Cambodia ................................................................................................. Riel .................. ..................................... .................... 236.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 236.00 Burma ....................................................................................................... Kyat ............... ....................................... .................... 168.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 168.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,493.11 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,493.11 Kali Matalon: Haiti .......................................................................................................... Gourde .......... ........................................ .................... 716.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 716.00 Dominican Republic ................................................................................. Peso ........................ .............................. .................... 540.00 .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... 540.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 773.51 .................... .... ................ .................... 773.51 Senator Richard Shelby: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 4,156.85 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 4,156.85 Senator Patrick Leahy: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 4,156.85 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 4,156.85 Senator Lindsey Graham: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 4,084.85 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 4,084.85 
Senator John Kennedy: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 4,156.85 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 4,156.85 Senator Jeanne Shaheen: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 3,556.85 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 3,556.85 Senator John Boozman: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 3,608.85 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 3,608.85 Shannon Hines: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 4,156.85 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 4,156.85 Charles Kieffer: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 4,061.85 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 4,061.85 Brian Potts; United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 4,156.85 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 4,156.85 Dayne Cutrell: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 4,156.85 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 4,156.85 Anne Caldwell: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 4,156.85 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 4,156.85 John Dowd: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 4,045.35 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 4,045.35 Van Cato: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 4,124.85 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 4,124.85 Toni-Marie Higgins: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 3,566.85 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 3,566.85 Bryan Maxwell: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 3,906.71 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 3,906.71 Paul Grove: Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 710.81 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 710.81 Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 378.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 378.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,748.11 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,748.11 Delegation expenses: * Haiti .......................................................................................................... Gourde .......... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 124.11 .................... 124.11 Dominican Republic ................................................................................. Peso ........................ .............................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... 435.33 .................... 435.33 Delegation expenses: * Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 57.00 .................... 57.00 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 196.90 .................... 196.90 Delegation expenses: * Thailand .................................................................................................... Baht ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 493.31 .................... 493.31 Bangladesh ............................................................................................... Taka .................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 5,921.08 .................... 5,921.08 Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 315.27 .................... 315.27 Cambodia ................................................................................................. Riel .................. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 201.30 .................... 201.30 Burma ....................................................................................................... Kyat ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 2,742.34 .................... 2,742.34 Delegation expenses: * Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 5,836.44 .................... 5,836.44 Russia ....................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 66,709.00 .................... 66,709.00 Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 10,452.53 .................... 10,452.53 Delegation expenses: * United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................
.... 30,887.34 .................... 30,887.34 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 129,376.91 .................... 19,014.73 .................... 124, 371.95 .................... 272,763.59 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR RICHARD C. SHELBY,Chariman, Committee on Appropriations, Nov. 6, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A26NO6.005 S26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7093 November 26, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Lindsey Graham: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,259.51 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,259.51 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 646.66 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 646.66 Craig Abele: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,259.51 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,259.51 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 633.01 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 633.01 Martin Holmes: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,259.51 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,259.51 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 603.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 603.00 Senator Jeanne Shaheen: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,259.51 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,259.51 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 615.07 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 615.07 Naz Durakoglu: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,259.51 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,259.51 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 615.07 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 615.07 Delegation expenses: * Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,025.39 ................ .... 1,239.63 .................... 2,265.02 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... .................... .................... 27,975.00 ............... ..... .................... .................... 27,975.00 Senator Elizabeth Warren: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,796.31 .................... . ................... .................... 12,796.31 Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 295.20 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 295.20 Sasha Baker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,837.31 .................... . ................... .................... 14,837.31 Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 275.20 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 275.20 Delegation Expenses: * Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 313.00 .................... 313.00 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,550.00 ................ .... .................... .................... 8,550.00 Samantha Clark: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,325.18 .................... . ................... .................... 11,325.18 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 1,542.73 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,542.73 Gwyneth Woolwine: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,325.18 .................... . ................... .................... 11,325.18 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 1,465.07 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,465.07 Delegation expenses: * Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,164.70 ................... . .................... .................... 4,164.70 Senator Thom Tillis: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,808.46 .................... . ................... .................... 12,808.46 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 23.85 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 23.85 Charles Prosch: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,808.46 .................... . ................... .................... 12,808.46 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 63.47 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 63.47 Senator Jeanne Shaheen: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,135.15 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,135.15 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 5.97 .................... .................... .................... ...
................. .................... 5.97 Naz Durakoglu: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,825.46 .................... . ................... .................... 12,825.46 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 126.34 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 126.34 Delegation Expensses: * Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,743.77 ................... . .................... .................... 1,743.77 Senator James M. Inhofe: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 2,925.51 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 2,925.41 Lucas Holland: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 3,120.60 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 3,120.60 Delegation Expenses: * United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... .................... .................... 2,742.00 .................... 1,028.0 7 .................... 3,770.07 Jonathan Epstein: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 15,595.09 .................... . ................... .................... 15,595.09 Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... 276.84 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 276.84 Uganda ..................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 478.18 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 478.18 Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 656.96 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 656.96 Senegal ..................................................................................................... Franc .............. ...................................... .................... 219.04 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 219.04 Delegation Expenses: * Uganda ..................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 155.00 .................... 155.00 Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 121.94 .................... 516.65 .................... 638.59 Senegal ..................................................................................................... Franc .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 90.00 .................... ... ................. .................... 90.00 Mark Montgomery: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,366.11 .................... . ................... .................... 10,366.11 Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 642.57 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 642.57 Dustin Walker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,026.51 .................... . ................... .................... 12,026.51 Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 642.57 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 642.57 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 555.18 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 555.18 William Quinn: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,369.41 .................... . ................... .................... 14,369.41 Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 943.94 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 943.94 Lebanon .................................................................................................... Pound ............... .................................... .................... 175.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 175.00 Mathew Lampert: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,369.41 .................... . ................... .................... 14,369.41 Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 967.94 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 967.94 Lebanon .................................................................................................... Pound ............... .................................... .................... 187.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 187.00 Delegation expenses: * Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 525.19 .................... 525.19 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,232.00 ............... ..... .................... .................... 10,232.00 Lebanon .................................................................................................... Pound ............... .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 1,423.17 .................... 1,423.17 Ozge Guzelsu: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,351.66 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,351.66 
Peru ........................................................................................................... Sol ............. ........................................... .................... 1,161.64 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,161.64 Delegation expenses: * Peru ........................................................................................................... Sol ............. ........................................... .................... .................... .................... 30.38 .................. .. 983.26 .................... 1,013.64 Adam Barker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,413.73 .................... . ................... .................... 10,413.73 Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 204.73 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 204.73 Morocco ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... 265.63 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 265.63 Mauritania ................................................................................................ Ouguiya .............. .................................. .................... 334.10 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 334.10 Mariah McNamara: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,480.16 .................... . ................... .................... 10,480.16 Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 244.73 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 244.73 Morocco ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... 260.63 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 260.63 Mauritania ................................................................................................ Ouguiya .............. .................................. .................... 311.10 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 311.10 Delegation expenses: * Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 29.50 .................... 29.50 James B. Hickey: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,979.71 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,979.71 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 447.73 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 447.73 Delegation expenses: * Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 865.31 .................... .. .................. .................... 865.31 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A26NO6.005 S26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7094 November 26, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2018—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Dustin Walker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,433.61 .................... . ................... .................... 13,433.61 Bosnia ....................................................................................................... Mark .............. ....................................... .................... 308.78 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 308.78 Serbia ........................................................................................................ Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... 318.96 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 318.96 Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... 289.32 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 289.32 Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 418.13 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 418.13 Mark Montgomery: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,953.71 .................... . ................... .................... 11,953.71 Serbia ........................................................................................................ Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... 314.09 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 314.09 Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... 292.88 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 292.88 Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 402.01 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 402.01 William Quinn: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,976.54 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,976.54 Bosnia ....................................................................................................... Mark .............. ....................................... .................... 286.91 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 286.91 Serbia ........................................................................................................ Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... 636.04 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 636.04 Delegation expenses: * Serbia ........................................................................................................ Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 614.00 .................... 614.00 Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 125.00 .................... 125.00 Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 140.47 .................... 140.47 Mathew Lampert: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,654.11 .................... . ................... .................... 13,654.11 Delegation expenses: * Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... .................... .................... 2,970.00 .................... .... ................ .................... 2,970.00 Senator Gary C. Peters: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,697.81 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,697.81 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 421.36 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 421.36 Jordan Wells: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,697.81 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,697.81 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 428.42 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 428.42 Sydney Paul: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,697.81 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,697.81 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 450.72 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 450.72 Delegation expenses: * South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,849.01 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,849.01 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 26,499.88 .................... 358,581.75 .................... 7,09 2.94 .................... 392,174.57 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR JAMES M. INHOFE,Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Oct. 24, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE, SCIENCE, AND TRANSPORTATION FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Mike Lee: Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,520.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,520.00 Delegation expenses: * Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 1,542.79 .................... 1,542.79 Curtis Swager: Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 165.20 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 165.20 Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... 881.53 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 881.53 Thailand .................................................................................................... Baht ............... ....................................... .................... 915.48 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 915.48 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,022.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,022.00 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 538.53 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 538.53 Delegation expenses: * Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 224.82 .................... 224.82 Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 181.84 .................... 181.84 Thailand .................................................................................................... Baht ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 375.61 .................... 375.61 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 640.00 .................... 640.00 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 504.66 .................... 504.66 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 4,877.54 .................... .................... ................ .... 3,469.72 .................... 8,347.26 
*Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR JOHN THUNE, Chairman, Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, July 27, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE, SCIENCE, AND TRANSPORTATION FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2018. 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator John Thune: Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 455.61 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 455.61 Russia ....................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 4,629.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 4,629.00 Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... 1,294.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,294.00 Delegation expenses: * Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 486.37 .................... 486.37 Russia ....................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 3,338.88 .................... 3,338.88 Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 895.00 .................... 895.00 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 6,378.61 .................... .................... ................ .... 4,720.25 .................... 11,098.86 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR JOHN THUNE, Chairman, Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, Oct. 24, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A26NO6.005 S26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7095 November 26, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FINANCE FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator William Cassidy: Guatemala ................................................................................................ Quetzal ............... .................................. .................... 576.39 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 576.39 Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 588.01 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 588.01 Allison Kapsner: Guatemala ................................................................................................ Quetzal ............... .................................. .................... 626.54 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 626.54 Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 680.39 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 680.39 Maria Sierra: Guatemala ................................................................................................ Quetzal ............... .................................. .................... 579.14 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 579.14 Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 611.98 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 611.98 Delegation expenses: * United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 5,063.88 .................... 5,063.88 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 3,662.45 .................... .................... ................ .... 5,063.88 .................... 8,726.33 
* Delegation Expenses include embassy overtime, translation, security, transportation, meeting room, as well as official expense s in accordance with the responsibilities of the host country. SENATOR ORRIN G. HATCH,Chairman, Committee on Finance, Oct. 3, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBER AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF S EC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Christopher Coons: Sweden ...................................................................................................... Krona .............. ...................................... .................... 972.64 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 972.64 Denmark ................................................................................................... Krone ................ .................................... .................... 828.94 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 828.94 Latvia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 668.08 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 668.08 Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 789.07 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 789.07 Thomas Mancinelli: Sweden ...................................................................................................... Krona .............. ...................................... .................... 972.64 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 972.64 Denmark ................................................................................................... Krone ................ .................................... .................... 828.94 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 828.94 Latvia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 668.08 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 668.08 Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 789.07 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 789.07 Senator Bob Corker: Sweden ...................................................................................................... Krona .............. ...................................... .................... 950.99 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 950.99 Denmark ................................................................................................... Krone ................ .................................... .................... 640.13 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 640.13 Latvia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 633.14 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 633.14 Finland ...................................................................................................... Krone ............. ....................................... .................... 540.45 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 540.45 Brent Wiles: Sweden ...................................................................................................... Krona .............. ...................................... .................... 917.92 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 917.92 Denmark ................................................................................................... Krone ................ .................................... .................... 967.63 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 967.63 Latvia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 577.98 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 577.98 Finland ...................................................................................................... Krone ............. ....................................... .................... 608.06 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 608.06 Senator Jeff Flake: Sweden ...................................................................................................... Krona .............. ...................................... .................... 1,122.80 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,122.80 Denmark ................................................................................................... Krone ................ .................................... .................... 885.22 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 885.22 Latvia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 566.67 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 566.67 Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 646.21 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 646.21 Brian Canfield: Sweden ...................................................................................................... Krona .............. ...................................... .................... 964.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 964.00 Denmark ................................................................................................... Krone ................ .................................... .................... 813.50 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 813.50 Latvia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 671.71 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 671.71 Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 789.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 789.00 Senator Tom Udall: Sweden ...................................................................................................... Krona .............. ...................................... .................... 968.18 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 968.18 Denmark ................................................................................................... Krone ................ .................................... .................... 803.28 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 803.28 Latvia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 488.89 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 488.89 Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 573.74 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 573.74 Matthew Padilla: Sweden ...................................................................................................... Krona .............. ...................................... .................... 1,010.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,010.00 Denmark ................................................................................................... Krone ................ .................................... .................... 844.10 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 844.10 Latvia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 591.71 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 591.71 
Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 676.50 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 676.50 Delegation expenses: * Sweden ...................................................................................................... Krona .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 8,309.00 .................... 8,309.00 Denmark ................................................................................................... Krone ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 5,225.99 .................... 5,225.99 Latvia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 1,158.75 .................... 1,158.75 Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 6,661.67 .................... 6,661.67 Senator Bob Corker: Cuba ......................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 545.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 545.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,711.11 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,711.11 Caleb McCarry: Cuba ......................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 410.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 410.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,021.41 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,021.41 Delegation expenses: * Cuba ......................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 327.00 .................... 327.00 Senator Jeff Flake: Zimbabwe ................................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 1,399.04 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,399.04 Botswana .................................................................................................. Pula ................. ..................................... .................... 379.33 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 379.33 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,585.80 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,585.80 Delegation expenses: * Zimbabwe ................................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 3,455.18 .................... 3,455.18 Botswana .................................................................................................. Pula ................. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 570.00 .................... 570.00 Senator Ron Johnson: Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 413.56 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 413.56 Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 104.55 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 104.55 Serbia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 194.13 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 194.13 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,416.11 .................... . ................... .................... 12,416.11 Lydia Westlake: Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 498.94 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 498.94 Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 104.55 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 104.55 Serbia ........................................................................................................ Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... 202.75 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 202.75 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,416.11 .................... . ................... .................... 12,416,11 Delegation expenses: * Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,281.00 .................... 1,281.00 Macedonia ................................................................................................. Denar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 1,468.57 .................... 1,468.57 Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,365.61 .................... 1,365.61 Serbia ........................................................................................................ Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 910.00 .................... 910.00 Carolyn Leddy: China ........................................................................................................ Renminibi ......... .................................... .................... 1,245.22 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,245.22 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A26NO6.005 S26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7096 November 26, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBER AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF S EC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2018—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,390.91 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,390.91 Delegation expenses: * China ........................................................................................................ Renminibi ......... .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 837.00 .................... 837.00 Grant Mullins: Latvia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 507.96 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 507.96 Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 302.86 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 302.86 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,021.36 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,021.36 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,829.91 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,829.91 Scott Richardson: Latvia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 394.99 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 394.99 Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 293.03 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 293.03 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 793.54 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 793.54 United States ............................................................................................ ...................... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,761.91 ................. ... .................... .................... 3,761.91 Delegation expenses: * Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 308.99 .................... 308.99 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 1,155.84 .................... 1,155.84 Michael Phelan: Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 116.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 116.00 Eritrea ....................................................................................................... Nafka ............ ........................................ .................... 246.64 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 246.64 Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 535.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 535.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,689.21 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,689.21 Delegation expenses: * Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 2,916.00 .................... 2,916.00 Eritrea ....................................................................................................... Nafka ............ ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 28.22 .................... 28.22 Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 314.87 .................... 314.87 Sarah Stone: Serbia ........................................................................................................ Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... 288.87 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 288.87 Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 222.76 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 222.76 Bosnia and Herzegov ................................................................................ BAM ......................... ............................. .................... 420.20 .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... 420.20 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,056.31 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,056.31 Molly Lazio: Serbia ........................................................................................................ Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... 208.35 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 208.35 Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 432.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 432.00 Bosnia and Herzegov ................................................................................ BAM ......................... ............................. .................... 699.15 .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... 699.15 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,095.00 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,095.00 Delegation expenses: * Serbia ........................................................................................................ Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 143.00 .................... 143.00 Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 117.12 .................... 117.12 Bosnia and Herzegov ................................................................................ BAM ......................... ............................. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 419.95 .................... 419.95 Eric Trager: Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar .............
........................................ .................... 639.28 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 639.28 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 646.33 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 646.33 United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 698.39 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 698.39 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,040.31 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,040.31 Delegation expenses: * Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 243.22 .................... 243.22 United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 50.60 .................... 50.60 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 38,733.05 .................... 66,014.10 .................... 37,25 7.58 .................... 142,004.73 
*Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR BOB CORKER, Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, Oct. 22, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Ron Johnson: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,455.27 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,455.27 Russia ....................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 3,136.40 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 3,136.40 Lydia Westlake: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,540.67 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,540.67 Russia ....................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 3,096.40 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 3,096.40 Senator Doug Jones: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 4,156.85 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 4,156.85 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 10,389.65 .................... 16,995.94 .................... 0.00 .................... 27,385.59 
SENATOR RON JOHNSON, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, Oct. 4, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator John Cornyn: Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 630.74 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 630.74 Elizabeth Jafari: Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 617.26 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 617.26 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 1,248.00 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 1,248.00 
SENATOR CHUCK GRASSLEY,Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Oct. 19, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A26NO6.005 S26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7097 November 26, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON VETERANS’ AFFAIRS FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Amy Smith: South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 172.00 .................... 184.19 .................... ................. ... .................... 356.19 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 1,377.74 .................... 754.40 .................... ........... ......... .................... 2,132.14 Simon Coon: South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 172.00 .................... 184.19 .................... ................. ... .................... 356.19 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 1,377.74 .................... 754.40 .................... ........... ......... .................... 2,132.14 Delegation expense: * Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 8.28 .................... 8.28 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 3,099.48 .................... 1,877.18 .................... 8.28 .. .................. 4,984.94 
*Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR JOHNNY ISAKSON, Chairman, Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Oct. 22, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE AMENDED FOR TRAVEL FROM APRIL 1 TO JUNE 30, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator John Cornyn: ............................................................... .................... 673.65 ................ .... .................... .................... .................... .................... 673.65 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 548.14 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 548.14 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,826.61 ....... ............. .................... .................... 9,826.61 
Totals ................................................................................................... ...................... ......................................... .................... 1,221.79 .................... 9,826.61 .................... ........ ............ .................... 11,048.40 
SENATOR RICHARD BURR,Chairman, Committee on Intelligence, Oct. 23, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Ryan Tully .......................................................................................................... ........... .................................................... .................... 1,268.73 .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... .................... 1,268.73 ............................................................... .................... 977.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 977.00 ............................................................... .................... 375.54 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 375.54 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,7 98.81 .................... .................... .................... 10,798.81 Delegation expenses: * ...................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 1,056.82 .................... 1,056.82 Ryan White ........................................................................................................ ............. .................................................. .................... 125.00 .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... 125.00 ............................................................... .................... 717.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 717.00 ............................................................... .................... 634.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 634.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 18,9 13.61 .................... .................... .................... 18,913.61 Jacob Barton ...................................................................................................... ............. .................................................. .................... 125.00 .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... 125.00 ............................................................... .................... 717.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 717.00 ............................................................... .................... 593.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 593.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 18,9 13.61 .................... .................... .................... 18,913.61 John Matchison .................................................................................................. ............... ................................................ .................... 125.00 .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... 125.00 ............................................................... .................... 717.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 717.00 ............................................................... .................... 738.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 738.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 18,9 13.61 .................... .................... .................... 18,913.61 Delegation expenses: * ...................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 472.47 .................... 472.47 Senator Richard Burr ........................................................................................ ................... ............................................ .................... 1,134.00 .................... .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... 1,134.00 ............................................................... .................... 322.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 322.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,83 1.41 .................... .................... .................... 2,831.41 Christian Cook ................................................................................................... .............. ................................................. .................... 1,134.00 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 1,134.00 ............................................................... .................... 322.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 322.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,28 4.51 .................... .................... .................... 2,284.51 Delegation expenses: * ...................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 1,086.00 .................... 1,086.00 Ryan Tully .......................................................................................................... ........... .................................................... .................... 792.38 .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... 792.38 ............................................................... .................... 598.56 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 598.56 ............................................................... .................... 666.22 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 666.22 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,4 80.51 .................... .................... .................... 13,480.51 Arjun Ravindra ................................................................................................... .............. ................................................. .................... 792.38 .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... 792.38 ............................................................... .................... 598.56 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 598.56 ............................................................... .................... 681.22 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 681.22 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,4 80.51 .................... .................... .................... 13,480.51 Delegation expenses: * ...................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 2,535.47 .................... 2,535.47 Ryan Tully .......................................................................................................... ........... .................................................... .................... 1,537.57 .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... .................... 1,537.57 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,6 87.61 .................... .................... .................... 10,687.61 Chris Joyner ....................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 1,522.57 .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... 1,522.57 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,6 87.61 .................... .................... .................... 10,687.61 Arjun Ravindra ................................................................................................... .............. ................................................. .................... .................... .................... 1,517.57 ......... ........... .................... .................... 1,517.57 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,6 87.61 .................... .................... .................... 10,687.61 ............................................................................................................................ ... ............................................................ .................... 1,267.57 .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... 1,267.57 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,6 87.61 .................... .................... .................... 10,687.61 Nate Adler .......................................................................................................... ...........
.................................................... .................... 1,228.85 .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... .................... 1,228.85 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,6 87.61 .................... .................... .................... 10,687.61 Delegation expenses: * ...................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 1,804.45 .................... 1,804.45 Jim Catella ........................................................................................................ ............ ................................................... .................... 276.41 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 276.41 ............................................................... .................... 256.72 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 256.72 ............................................................... .................... 280.68 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 280.68 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,91 0.50 .................... .................... .................... 2,910.50 Delegation expenses: * ...................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 523.55 .................... 523.55 Jacob Barton ...................................................................................................... ............. .................................................. .................... .................... .................... ................. ... .................... 35.00 .................... 35.00 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 22,041.53 .................... 155,965.13 .................... 7,51 3.76 .................... 185,520.42 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR RICHARD BURR,Chairman, Committee on Intelligence, Nov. 14, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A26NO6.005 S26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7098 November 26, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMISSION ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Kyle Parker: Portugal .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 1,283.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,283.00 Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 328.60 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 328.60 Bosnia ....................................................................................................... Convertible Mark .. ................................ .................... 457.19 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 457.19 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 1,262.33 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,262.33 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,236.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,236.00 Alex Tiersky: Portugal .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 1,283.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,283.00 Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 328.60 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 328.60 Bosnia ....................................................................................................... Convertible Mark .. ................................ .................... 457.19 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 457.19 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 1,262.33 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,262.33 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,236.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,236.00 Rachel Bauman: Portugal .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 1,283.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,283.00 Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 328.60 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 328.60 Bosnia ....................................................................................................... Convertible Mark .. ................................ .................... 457.19 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 457.19 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 1,262.33 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,262.33 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,236.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,236.00 Jordan Warlick Portugal .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 1,283.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,283.00 Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 328.60 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 328.60 Bosnia ....................................................................................................... Convertible Mark .. ................................ .................... 457.19 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 457.19 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 1,262.33 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,262.33 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,236.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,236.00 Robert Hand: Croatia ...................................................................................................... Kuna .............. ....................................... .................... 426.00 .................... 4,405.21 .................... ............ ........ .................... 4,831.21 Bosnia ....................................................................................................... Convertible Mark .. ................................ .................... 457.19 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 457.19 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 3,296.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 3,296.00 Everett Price: Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 328.60 .................... 12,202.31 .................... .......... .......... .................... 12,530.91 Scott Rauland: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,988.92 .................... 13,431.21 .................... .......... .......... .................... 15,420.13 Janice Helwig: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 738.00 .................... 1,695.60 .................... ............. ....... .................... 2,433.60 Allison H. Parker: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,648.00 .................... 7,722.41 .................... ........... ......... .................... 9,370.41 Paul Massaro: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 3,296.00 .................... 13,374.51 .................... .......... .......... .................... 16,670.51 Delegation expenses: * Portugal .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 11,357.00 .................... 11,357.00 Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 3,391.34 .................... 3,391.34 
Croatia ...................................................................................................... Kuna .............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 4,553.00 .................... 4,553.00 Bosnia ....................................................................................................... Convertible Mark .. ................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 4,784.83 .................... 4,784.83 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 23,517.05 .................... 23,517.05 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 30,076.21 .................... 30,076.21 Alex Tiersky: Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 1,101.70 .................... 8,048.51 .................... .......... .......... .................... 9,150.21 Delegation expenses: * Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 0.00 .................... 0.00 Everett Price: Turkmenistan ............................................................................................ Manat .................. ................................. .................... 687.00 .................... 2,319.11 .................... .................. .. .................... 3,006.11 Delegation expenses: * Turkmenistan ............................................................................................ Manat .................. ................................. .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 50.00 .................... 50.00 Alex Tiersky: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,006.58 .................... 8,621.40 .................... ........... ......... .................... 9,627.98 Delegation expenses: * Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 0.00 .................... 0.00 Kyle Parker: Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 1,547.66 .................... 10,317.01 .................... ....... ............. .................... 11,864.67 Mark Toner: Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 2,132.84 .................... 10,326.91 .................... ....... ............. .................... 12,459.75 Erika Schlager: Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 4,441.64 .................... 13,761.01 .................... ....... ............. .................... 18,202.65 Janice Helwig: Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 2,737.00 .................... 1,039.00 .................... ........ ............ .................... 3,776.55 Mischa Thompson: Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 1,303.77 .................... 14,014.91 .................... ....... ............. .................... 15,318.68 Everett Price: Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 1,489.71 .................... 11,920.61 .................... ....... ............. .................... 13,410.32 Nathaniel Hurd: Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 2,199.54 .................... 10,165.01 .................... ....... ............. .................... 12,364.55 Rachel Bauman: Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 2,132.84 .................... 6,365.60 .................... ........ ............ .................... 8,498.44 Jordan Warlick: Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 1,575.01 .................... 10,330.21 .................... ....... ............. .................... 11,905.22 Delegation expenses: * Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 4,005.33 .................... 4,005.33 Paul Massaro: Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Koruna .................. ................................ .................... 1,690.24 .................... 14,027.51 .................... ................ .... .................... 15,717.75 Delegation expenses: * Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Koruna .................. ................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 55.66 .................... 55.66 Mark Toner: Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 602.51 .................... 6,429.81 .................... ........... ......... .................... 7,032.32 Lithuania ................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 751.05 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 751.05 Rachel Bauman: Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 903.77 .................... 7,584.81 .................... ........... ......... .................... 8,488.58 Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 534.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 534.00 Delegation expenses: * Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .......
............. 34.32 .................... 34.32 Lithuania ................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 152.27 .................... 152.27 Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 0.00 .................... 0.00 Mischa Thompson: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 2,467.00 .................... 13,719.51 .................... ........ ............ .................... 16,186.51 Delegation expenses: * France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 234.00 .................... 234.00 Janice Helwig: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 26,464.00 .................... 12,548.51 .................... ....... ............. .................... 39,012.51 Delegation expenses: * Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 0.00 .................... 0.00 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 86,215.60 .................... 214,370.69 .................... 82,2 11.01 .................... 382,797.30 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR ROGER F. WICKER, Chairman, Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe, Oct. 22, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A26NO6.005 S26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7099 November 26, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), MAJORITY LEADER FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Brian Monahan: Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 304.81 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 304.81 Russia ....................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 4,436.75 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 4,436.75 Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... 1,104.34 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,104.34 Thomas Hawkins: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,791.81 .................... . ................... .................... 12,791.81 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Kyiv .............. ......................................... .................... 1,200.41 .................... 48.00 .................... 67.67 ..... ............... 1,316.08 Lithuania ................................................................................................... Litas .............. ....................................... .................... 311.57 .................... 338.13 .................... 170.58 ....... ............. 820.28 Denmark ................................................................................................... Krone ................ .................................... .................... 946.67 .................... 1,704.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... 2,650.67 Brian Monahan: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 3,927.56 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 3,927.56 Thomas Hawkins: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,831.61 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,831.61 Colombia ................................................................................................... Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 1,012.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,012.00 Panama ..................................................................................................... Balboa .............. .................................... .................... 196.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 196.00 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 13,440.11 .................... 17,713.55 .................... 238.2 5 .................... 31,391.91 
SENATOR MITCH McCONNELL,Majority Leader, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), DEMOCRATIC LEADER FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2018 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Michael Kuiken: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,968.50 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,968.50 Honduras ................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 503.67 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 503.67 El Salvador ............................................................................................... Dollar ............... ..................................... .................... 178.07 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 178.07 Guatemala ................................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 182.36 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 182.36 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 864.10 .................... 1,968.50 .................... ......... ........... .................... 2,832.60 
SENATOR CHARLES E. SCHUMER,Democratic Leader, Oct. 30, 2018. h 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR—S. 3649 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand that there is a bill at the desk that is due for a second reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The lead-er is correct. The clerk will read the title of the bill for the second time. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 3649) to provide for programs to help reduce the risk that prisoners will recidivate upon release from prison, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the bill will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL NATIVE AMERICAN HERITAGE MONTH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Indian Affairs Committee be discharged from further consideration and the Senate now proceed to S. Res. 702. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 702) recognizing Na-tional Native American Heritage Month and celebrating the heritages and cultures of Na-tive Americans and the contributions of Na-tive Americans to the United States. There being no objection, the com-mittee was discharged, and the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on the measure. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no further debate, the question is on agreeing to the resolution. The resolution (S. Res. 702) was agreed to. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the preamble be agreed to and that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of November 15, 2018, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE BOSTON RED SOX ON WINNING THE 2018 WORLD SERIES Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-merce, Science, and Transportation Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 687 and that the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the title of the resolu-tion. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 687) congratulating the Boston Red Sox on winning the 2018 World Series. There being no objection, the com-mittee was discharged, and the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I further ask that the resolution be agreed to, the pre-amble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 687) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of November 14, 2018, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now proceed to the en bloc consid-eration of the following Senate resolu-tions, which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 704, S. Res. 705, and S. Res. 706. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolutions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolutions were agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26NO6.005 S26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7100 November 26, 2018 
The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-ambles, are printed in today’s R
ECORD  under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that all postcloture time on the Vaden nomina-tion expire at 12:15 p.m. on Tuesday, November 27, and that if the Vaden nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be im-mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, Novem-ber 27; further, that following the pray-er and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Vaden nomination under the previous order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:24 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, November 27, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. DAVID W. ABBA COL. CHRISTOPHER R. AMRHEIN COL. CHARLES D. BOLTON COL. LARRY R. BROADWELL, JR. COL. TERRY L. BULLARD COL. SCOTT A. CAIN COL. JIMMY R. CANLAS COL. JULIAN C. CHEATER COL. ROY W. COLLINS COL. COLIN J. CONNOR COL. DONALD J. COTHERN COL. DAVID S. EAGLIN COL. STEVEN G. EDWARDS COL. TROY L. ENDICOTT COL. GREGORY J. GAGNON COL. RICHARD W. GIBBS COL. JENNIFER L. GRANT COL. STEWART A. HAMMONS COL. ROBERT S. JOBE COL. JOHN M. KLEIN, JR. COL. GREGORY KREUDER COL. BENJAMIN R. MAITRE COL. MATTEO G. MARTEMUCCI COL. CAROLINE M. MILLER COL. DAVID A. MINEAU COL. PAUL J. MURRAY COL. TY W. NEUMAN COL. JOHN P. NEWBERRY COL. JEFFERSON J. O’DONNELL COL. THOMAS B. PALENSKE COL. EVAN L. PETTUS COL. CHRISTOPHER S. POVAK COL. BRADLEY L. PYBURN COL. CHAD D. RADUEGE COL. MICHAEL T. RAWLS COL. RYAN R. SAMUELSON COL. DAVID J. SANFORD COL. DAVID G. SHOEMAKER COL. REBECCA J. SONKISS COL. CLAUDE K. TUDOR, JR. COL. DANIEL H. TULLEY COL. JEFFERY D. VALENZIA COL. JOHN C. WALKER COL. STEVEN P. WHITNEY THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 1211: To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. MICHAEL R. BERRY 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. BRADLEY S. JAMES 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE AND AS PERMANENT PROFESSOR AT THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE ACADEMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 9333(B) AND 9336(A): 
To be colonel 
LUKE M. SAUTER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE AND AS PERMANENT PROFESSOR AT THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE ACADEMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 9333(B) AND 9336(A): 
To be colonel 
TASHA L. PRAVECEK THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE AND AS PERMANENT PROFESSOR AT THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE ACADEMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 9333(B) AND 9336(A): 
To be colonel 
BRIAN J. NEFF THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE AND AS PERMANENT PROFESSOR AT THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE ACADEMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 9333(B) AND 9336(A): 
To be colonel 
CORY A. COOPER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE AND AS PERMANENT PROFESSOR AT THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE ACADEMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 9333(B) AND 9336(A): 
To be colonel 
JOEL A. SLOAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
JAMIE J. JOHNSON REED H. SOUTHARD RENEE M. SUMMERS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
TIMOTHY B. MURPHY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
ANDREW M. DERAMUS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
BRIANNE D. NEWMAN 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY VETERINARY CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: To be major 
JEREMY W. LEWIS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
DAVID R. DINKLOCKER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
LOREN C. DUWEL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
RENEROSE V. HINKLE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
SARAH L. FORTIER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
DAVID A. NEVEAU THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
KYLE B. HURST 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203(A): 
To be captain 
MARC C. DEVEREAUX LAILA M. GRASSLEY GRETCHEN A. JONES PAUL G. MORRIS MICHAEL E. RUWE JOHN R. SETTLE III MICHAEL N. ST. JEANOS KIRSTEN R. TREGO MICHAEL R. VAUGHN CRAIG L. WENNET THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD TO THE GRADE IN-DICATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 271(E): 
To be captain 
GRETCHEN M. BAILEY ALAIN V. BALMACEDA MICHELLE C. BAS IAN A. BASTEK MICHAEL W. BATCHELDER KENNETH J. BODA ROY R. BRUBAKER JOANN F. BURDIAN ANDREW T. CAMPEN CHRISTOPHER R. CEDERHOLM BRADLEY CLARE ROBERT C. COMPHER CHAD W. COOPER NATHAN E. COULTER CHARLES C. CULOTTA FRANCIS J. DELROSSO, JR JOHN T. DEWEY JEROME E. DUBAY TIMOTHY W. EASON JANET D. ESPINOYOUNG SARAH K. FELGER KEVIN D. FLOYD JAMES G. FORGY TED R. FOWLES PAUL E. FRANTZ MICHAEL E. FRAWLEY MICHAEL R. GESELE HANS C. GOVERTSEN CHARLES M. GUERRERO TOBY L. HOLDRIDGE BRIAN P. HOPKINS CHRISTOPHER M. HUBERTY AUSTIN R. IVES DANIEL C. JONES SEAN R. KATZ JARED E. KING CASSIE A. KITCHEN PERRY J. KREMER TIMOTHY R. LAVIER JACQUELINE M. LEVERICH LEXIA M. LITTLEJOHN CHAD A. LONG HARRY D. MAUTTE ALAN B. MCCABE RANDY F. MEADOR 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 17:47 Feb 06, 2019 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\RECORD18\NOVEMBER\S26NO8.REC S26NO8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7101 November 26, 2018 
MICHAEL L. MEDICA ALAN H. MOORE ULYSSES S. MULLINS RAYMOND NEGRON DAVID J. OBERMEIER LUIS C. PARRALES JUSTIN D. PETERS HARPER L. PHILLIPS TRACY O. PHILLIPS SCOTT S. PHY STEVEN E. RAMASSINI RODRIGO G. ROJAS KEITH M. ROPELLA JERREL W. RUSSELL CLINT B. SCHLEGEL ANITA M. SCOTT JENNIFER L. SINCLAIR DEREK L. SMITH ERIC A. SMITH BOWEN C. SPIEVACK JAMES W. SPITLER DOUGLAS K. STARK MATTHEW A. THOMPSON GREGORY M. TOZZI BRYAN J. ULLMER EVA J. VANCAMP ANDREW J. WRIGHT 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
THE FOLLOWING–NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES DE-PARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE FOR PROMOTION WITHIN THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF CAREER MINISTER: JAMES J. HIGGISTON, OF MARYLAND BOBBY G. RICHEY, JR., OF TEXAS THE FOLLOWING–NAMED CAREER MEMBER OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES DEPART-MENT OF AGRICULTURE FOR PROMOTION INTO THE SEN-IOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF COUNSELOR: CYNTHIA K. DUERR, OF FLORIDA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A26NO6.002 S26NOPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1549 November 26, 2018 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, No-vember 27, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
NOVEMBER 28 9:30 a.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Mindy Brashears, of Texas, to be Under Secretary for Food Safety, Naomi C. Earp, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Scott Hutch-ins, of Indiana, to be Under Secretary for Research, Education, and Econom-ics, all of the Department of Agri-culture. SR–328A Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine addressing America’s surface transportation infra-structure needs. SD–406 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the global fight to end modern slavery. SD–419 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine reducing health care costs, focusing on improv-ing affordability through innovation. SD–430 10 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Ronald D. Vitiello, of Illi-nois, to be an Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security, Richard S. Tischner, of Virginia, to be Director of the Court Services and Offender Super-vision Agency for the District of Co-lumbia, and Dennis Dean Kirk, of Vir-ginia, to be Chairman, and Julia Akins Clark, of Maryland, and Andrew F. Manuz, both to be a Member, all of the Merit Systems Protection Board. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Brian C. Buescher, to be United States District Judge for the District of Nebraska, Clifton L. Corker, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Tennessee, M. Mil-ler Baker, of Virginia, and Timothy M. Reif, of the District of Columbia, both to be a Judge of the United States Court of International Trade, and Don-ald W. Washington, of Texas, to be Di-rector of the United States Marshals Service, Department of Justice. SD–226 2 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Business meeting to consider S. 3247, to improve programs and activities relat-ing to women’s entrepreneurship and economic empowerment that are car-ried out by the United States Agency for International Development, S. 3654, to amend the United States Inter-national Broadcasting Act of 1994, to avoid the duplication of public diplo-macy programs and efforts, to improve the research and evaluation of public diplomacy, S. Res. 562, expressing the sense of the Senate that the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weap-ons (NPT) continues to make an in-valuable contribution to United States and international security, 50 years after it opened for signature on July 1, 1968, H.R. 1872, to promote access for United States diplomats and other offi-cials, journalists, and other citizens to Tibetan areas of the People’s Republic of China, H.R. 4819, to promote inclu-sive economic growth through con-servation and biodiversity programs that facilitate transboundary coopera-tion, improve natural resource man-agement, and build local capacity to protect and preserve threatened wild-life species in the greater Okavango River Basin of southern Africa, H.R. 2646, to reauthorize the United States- Jordan Defense Cooperation Act of 2015, H.R. 4989, to require the Depart-ment of State to establish a policy re-garding the use of location-tracking consumer devices by employees at dip-lomatic and consular facilities, and the nominations of Michael T. Harvey, of Texas, to be an Assistant Adminis-trator of the United States Agency for International Development, and Don-ald Armin Blome, of Illinois, to be Am-bassador to the Republic of Tunisia, Craig Lewis Cloud, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Bot-swana, Judith Gail Garber, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Cyprus, Jeffrey Ross Gunter, of Cali-fornia, to be Ambassador to the Repub-lic of Iceland, Dennis B. Hankins, of Minnesota, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Mali, Dennis Walter Hearne, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Mozambique, Simon Henshaw, of Massachusetts, to be Am-bassador to the Republic of Guinea, Earle D. Litzenberger, of California, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Azer-baijan, Eric George Nelson, of Texas, to be Ambassador to Bosnia and Herzegovina, Michael Peter Pelletier, of Maine, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Madagascar, and to serve con-currently and without additional com-pensation as Ambassador to the Union of the Comoros, John Mark Pommersheim, of Florida, to be Am-bassador to the Republic of Tajikistan, Robert K. Scott, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Malawi, Eric Williams Stromayer, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Togolese Re-public, Lucy Tamlyn, of New York, to be Ambassador to Central African Re-public, and routine lists in the Foreign Service, all of the Department of State. S–116 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Cybersecurity To hold closed hearings to examine Cyber Command’s relationship with the National Security Agency. SVC–217 Committee on Indian Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 2788, to repeal the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to con-fer jurisdiction on the State of North Dakota over offenses committed by or against Indians on the Devils Lake In-dian Reservation’’, S. Res. 444, recog-nizing the heritage, culture, and con-tributions of American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian women in the United States, S. Res. 596, recog-nizing the 29th anniversary of the Trib-al Canoe Journey of the Tribal Nations of the Pacific Northwest and congratu-lating the Puyallup Tribe of Indians for hosting the 2018 Power Paddle to Puy-allup, H.R. 2606, to amend the Act of August 4, 1947 (commonly known as the Stigler Act), with respect to restric-tions applicable to Indians of the Five Civilized Tribes of Oklahoma, and H.R. 4032, to confirm undocumented Federal rights-of-way or easements on the Gila River Indian Reservation, clarify the northern boundary of the Gila River In-dian Community’s Reservation, to take certain land located in Maricopa Coun-ty and Pinal County, Arizona, into trust for the benefit of the Gila River Indian Community. SD–628 Committee on Rules and Administration To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Donald L. Palmer, of Florida, and Benjamin Hovland, of Maryland, both to be a Member of the Election Assistance Commission. SR–301 Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine strength-ening state efforts to overhaul the guardianship process and protect older Americans. SD–562 NOVEMBER 29 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Thomas McCaffery, of Cali-fornia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense, and William Bookless, of Cali-fornia, to be Principal Deputy Admin-istrator, National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration, Department of Energy. SD–G50 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:20 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M26NO8.000 E26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1550 November 26, 2018 
10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine combating money laundering and other forms of illicit finance, focusing on regulator and law enforcement perspectives on reform. SD–538 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on Energy To hold hearings to examine S. 1089, to require the Secretary of Energy to re-view and update a report on the energy and environmental benefits of the re- refining of used lubricating oil, S. 1713, to require certain financial assistance under the State energy program and the Weatherization Assistance Pro-gram to be distributed without undue delay to support State and local high- impact energy efficiency and renewable energy initiatives, S. 1875, to move the United States toward greater energy independence and security, to increase the flexibility, efficiency, and reli-ability of the electric grid, to increase the competitiveness of the United States economy, to protect consumers, and to improve the energy performance of the Federal Government, S. 2257, to establish the IMPACT for Energy Foundation, S. 2803, to amend the En-ergy Policy Act of 2005 to improve the conversion, use, and storage of carbon dioxide produced from fossil fuels, S. 2968, to amend the Energy Reorganiza-tion Act of 1974 to clarify whistle-blower rights and protections, S. 3088, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to require the Secretary of Energy to establish a program to prepare vet-erans for careers in the energy indus-try, including the solar, wind, cyberse-curity, and other low-carbon emissions sectors or zero-emissions sectors of the energy industry, S. 3295, to improve en-ergy performance in Federal buildings, S. 3376, to require the Secretary of En-ergy to establish an energy storage re-search program, a demonstration and deployment program, and a technical assistance and grant program, S. 3422, to direct the Secretary of Energy to es-tablish advanced nuclear goals, provide for a versatile, reactor-based fast neu-tron source, make available high- assay, low-enriched uranium for re-search, development, and demonstra-tion of advanced nuclear reactor con-cepts, S. 3495, to provide certainty with respect to the timing of Department of Energy decisions to approve or deny applications to export natural gas, S. 3618 and H.R. 6511, bills to authorize the Secretary of Energy to carry out a program to lease underutilized Stra-tegic Petroleum Reserve facilities, H.R. 6398, to authorize the Department of Energy to conduct collaborative re-search with the Department of Vet-erans Affairs in order to improve healthcare services for veterans in the United States, and an original bill enti-tled, ‘‘Enhancing State Energy Secu-rity Planning and Emergency Pre-paredness Act’’. SD–366 Committee on Foreign Relations Business meeting to consider pending calendar business. SD–419 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 2432, to amend the charter of the Future Farm-ers of America, H.R. 4100, to amend title 36, United States Code, to revise the Federal charter for the Foundation of the Federal Bar Association, S. 3339, to amend title 28, United States Code, to permit other courts to transfer cer-tain cases to United States Tax Court, S. 2293, to amend section 214(c)(8) of the Immigration and Nationality Act to modify the data reporting require-ments relating to nonimmigrant em-ployees, H.R. 3996, to amend title 28, United States Code, to permit other courts to transfer certain cases to United States Tax Court, and the nominations of Bridget S. Bade, of Ari-zona, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, Eric D. Miller, of Washington, to be United States Cir-cuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, Eric E. Murphy, of Ohio, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, Chad A. Readler, of Ohio, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Cir-cuit, Allison Jones Rushing, of North Carolina, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit, Paul B. Matey, of New Jersey, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Cir-cuit, Rossie David Alston, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Virginia, Thomas P. Barber, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Flor-ida, Pamela A. Barker, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Ohio, Wendy Williams Berger, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Flor-ida, Karin J. Immergut, to be United States District Judge for the District of Oregon, Corey Landon Maze, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama, Sarah Daggett Morrison, to be United States District Judge for the Southern Dis-trict of Ohio, Rodney Smith, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Florida, T. Kent Wetherell II, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Northern District of Florida, Jean-Paul Boulee, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia, James David Cain, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, Damon Ray Leichty, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Indiana, John M. O’Connor, to be United States District Judge for the Northern, Eastern and Western Districts of Oklahoma, J. Nicholas Ranjan, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Pennsylvania, John Milton Younge, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, Richard A. Hertling, of Maryland, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims, William H. Pryor, Jr., of Alabama, to be Chair of the United States Sentencing Commission, and Robert S. Brewer, Jr., to be United States Attorney for the Southern Dis-trict of California, and Nicholas A. Trutanich, of Nevada, to be United States Attorney for the District of Ne-vada, both of the Department of Jus-tice. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Alexandra Dapolito Dunn, of Virginia, to be Assistant Adminis-trator for Toxic Substances of the En-vironmental Protection Agency. SD–406 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider S. 2076, to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the expansion of activities related to Alzheimer’s disease, cog-nitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Disease and Healthy Aging Program, H.R. 315, to amend the Public Health Service Act to distribute maternity care health professionals to health professional shortage areas identified as in need of maternity care health services, S. 3482, to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthor-ize the Emergency Medical Services for Children program, S. 3530, to reauthor-ize the Museum and Library Services Act, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Trau-matic Brain Injury Program Reauthor-ization Act of 2018’’, and the nomina-tions of Erhard R. Chorle, of Illinois, to be a Member of the Railroad Retire-ment Board, Gordon Hartogensis, of Connecticut, to be Director of the Pen-sion Benefit Guaranty Corporation, Robert L. King, of Kentucky, to be As-sistant Secretary of Education for Postsecondary Education, and John P. Pallasch, of Kentucky, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Labor. SD–430 Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To receive a briefing on how to defeat computational propaganda. SD–562 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters. SH–219 DECEMBER 4 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Lieutenant General Kenneth F. McKenzie, Jr., to be General and Com-mander, Central Command, and Lieu-tenant General Richard D. Clarke, to be General and Commander, Special Operations Command, both of the De-partment of Defense. SD–G50 DECEMBER 5 Time to be announced Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Food and Drug Administration, fo-cusing on leveraging cutting-edge science and protecting public health. SD–430 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine pilot programs at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. SD–538 10:15 a.m. Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine the eco-nomic outlook. SH–216 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-ment Support To hold hearings to examine Navy and Marine Corps readiness. SD–G50 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:20 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M26NO8.000 E26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1551 November 26, 2018 
Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights To hold hearings to examine a compara-tive look at competition law ap-proaches to monopoly and abuse of dominance in the United States and European Union. SD–226 DECEMBER 6 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine proxy proc-ess and rules, focusing on current prac-tices and potential changes. SD–538 DECEMBER 11 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion. SD–538 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:20 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M26NO8.000 E26NOPT1
D1196 Monday, November 26, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7073–S7101 Measures Introduced: Three bills and three resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 6, 3656–3657, and S. Res. 704–706.
                                              Page S7088 
Measures Reported: S. 2166, to maintain annual base funding for the Upper Colorado and San Juan fish recovery programs through fiscal year 2023, to require a report on the implementation of those programs, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–374) S. 2870, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the site known as ‘‘Amache’’ in the State of Colorado. (S. Rept. No. 115–375) S. 3245, to require the Secretary of Agriculture to transfer certain National Forest System land in the State of Texas, with an amendment. (S. Rept. No. 115–376) H.R. 1967, to amend the Reclamation Project Act of 1939 to authorize pumped storage hydro-power development utilizing multiple Bureau of Reclamation reservoirs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–377) H.R. 5979, to establish the Mill Springs Battle-field National Monument in the State of Kentucky as a unit of the National Park System, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–378) Report to accompany S. 1934, to prevent cata-strophic failure or shutdown of remote diesel power engines due to emission control devices. (S. Rept. No. 115–379) S. 2397, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity to establish a data framework to provide ac-cess for appropriate personnel to law enforcement and other information of the Department, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–380) S. 3137, to provide for reforming agencies of the Federal Government to improve efficiency and effec-tiveness, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 115–381) S. 3208, to provide agencies with discretion in se-curing information technology and information sys-tems, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–382) S. 3251, to require executive agencies to consider rental in any analysis for equipment acquisition. (S. Rept. No. 115–383) S. 3405, to reauthorize the Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards Program of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–384) S. 3437, to establish a Federal rotational cyber workforce program for the Federal cyber workforce, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–385) S. 3487, to amend the Presidential Transition Act of 1963 to improve the orderly transfer of the execu-tive power during Presidential transitions, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 115–386) H.R. 1132, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for a 2-year prohibition on employment in a career civil service position for any former polit-ical appointee, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–387) S. 3085, to establish a Federal Acquisition Secu-rity Council and to provide executive agencies with authorities relating to mitigating supply chain risks in the procurement of information technology, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                                    Pages S7087–88 
Measures Passed: National Native American Heritage Month: Committee on Indian Affairs was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 702, recognizing Na-tional Native American Heritage Month and cele-brating the heritages and cultures of Native Ameri-cans and the contributions of Native Americans to the United States, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                                                                       Page S7099 
Congratulating the Boston Red Sox: Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation was dis-charged from further consideration of S. Res. 687, congratulating the Boston Red Sox on winning the 2018 World Series, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                                                                       Page S7099 
National Adoption Day and National Adoption Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 704, expressing sup-port for the goals of National Adoption Day and National Adoption Month by promoting national awareness of adoption and the children awaiting families, celebrating children and families involved in adoption, and encouraging the people of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 13:50 Feb 11, 2019 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD18\NOVEMBER\D26NO8.REC D26NO8ejoyner on DSK30MW082PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1197 November 26, 2018 
United States to secure safety, permanency, and well- being for all children.
                               Pages S7099–S7100 
National Phenylketonuria Awareness Day: Sen-ate agreed to S. Res. 705, designating December 3, 2018, as ‘‘National Phenylketonuria Awareness Day’’.
                                                                 Pages S7099–S7100 
Authorizing Legal Representation: Senate agreed to S. Res. 706, to authorize representation by the Senate Legal Counsel in the case of Jacob R. Kent, et al., v. R.L. Vallee, Inc., et al.
                  Pages S7099–S7100 
Vaden Nomination—Agreement: Senate re-sumed consideration of the nomination of Stephen Alexander Vaden, of Tennessee, to be General Coun-sel of the Department of Agriculture.
    Pages S7073–78 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 49 yeas to 45 nays (Vote No. 245), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S7078 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that all post-cloture time on the nomination be considered expired at 12:15 p.m., on Tuesday, November 27, 2018.
                                               Page S7100 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, November 27, 2018.
                                               Page S7100 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: 44 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 1 Army nomination in the rank of general. 1 Marine Corps nomination in the rank of general. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Coast Guard, and Foreign Service.                         Pages S7100–01 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S7082–83 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S7083 
Measures Placed on the Calendar: 
                                                                            Pages S7083, S7099 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S7083–87 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7088–89 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S7089–91 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S7082 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—245)
                                                                Page S7078 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:24 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, No-vember 27, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7100.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet at 12 noon on Tuesday, No-vember 27, 2018. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D1166) 
H.R. 3359, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Cybersecurity and Infra-structure Security Agency of the Department of Homeland Security. Signed on November 16, 2018. (Public Law 115–278) H.R. 2615, to authorize the exchange of certain land located in Gulf Islands National Seashore, Jack-son County, Mississippi, between the National Park Service and the Veterans of Foreign Wars. Signed on November 20, 2018. (Public Law 115–279) f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine the findings and recommendations of the Commission on the National Defense Strategy, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Subcommittee on SeaPower, to hold hearings to exam-ine Navy shipbuilding programs, 2:30 p.m., SR–220. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26NO8.REC D26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1198 November 26, 2018 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, In-surance, and Data Security, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Federal Trade Commission, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: business meeting to consider the nominations of Rita Baranwal, of Pennsylvania, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (Nu-clear Energy), Bernard L. McNamee, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, and Raymond David Vela, of Texas, to be Director of the National Park Service, Department of the Interior, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Multi-lateral International Development, Multilateral Institu-tions, and International Economic, Energy, and Environ-mental Policy, to hold hearings to examine multilateral economic institutions and United States foreign policy, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House No hearings are scheduled. Joint Meetings 
Joint Select Committee on Budget and Appropriations Process Reform: business meeting to continue to markup the Committee’s report, recommendations, and legislative language, 2 p.m., 1334, Longworth Building. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of November 27 through November 30, 2018 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of Stephen Alexander Vaden, of Ten-nessee, to be General Counsel of the Department of Agriculture, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 12:15 p.m. Following disposition of the nomination of Ste-phen Alexander Vaden, Senate will vote on the mo-tion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Karen Dunn Kelley, of Pennsylvania, to be Deputy Sec-retary of Commerce. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Novem-ber 28, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Mindy Brashears, of Texas, to be Under Secretary for Food Safety, Naomi C. Earp, of Maryland, to be an As-sistant Secretary, and Scott Hutchins, of Indiana, to be Under Secretary for Research, Education, and Economics, all of the Department of Agriculture, 9:30 a.m., SR–328A. Committee on Armed Services: November 27, to hold hear-ings to examine the findings and recommendations of the Commission on the National Defense Strategy, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. November 27, Subcommittee on SeaPower, to hold hearings to examine Navy shipbuilding programs, 2:30 p.m., SR–220. November 28, Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, to hold closed hearings to examine Cyber Command’s relationship with the National Security Agency, 2:30 p.m., SVC–217. November 29, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine the nominations of Thomas McCaffery, of Cali-fornia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense, and Wil-liam Bookless, of California, to be Principal Deputy Ad-ministrator, National Nuclear Security Administration, Department of Energy, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: No- vember 29, to hold hearings to examine combating money laundering and other forms of illicit finance, fo-cusing on regulator and law enforcement perspectives on reform, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: No- vember 27, Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, Prod-uct Safety, Insurance, and Data Security, to hold an over-sight hearing to examine the Federal Trade Commission, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: November 27, business meeting to consider the nominations of Rita Baranwal, of Pennsylvania, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (Nuclear Energy), Bernard L. McNamee, of Vir-ginia, to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, and Raymond David Vela, of Texas, to be Director of the National Park Service, Department of the Interior, 10 a.m., SD–366. November 29, Subcommittee on Energy, to hold hear-ings to examine S. 1089, to require the Secretary of En-ergy to review and update a report on the energy and en-vironmental benefits of the re-refining of used lubricating oil, S. 1713, to require certain financial assistance under the State energy program and the Weatherization Assist-ance Program to be distributed without undue delay to support State and local high-impact energy efficiency and renewable energy initiatives, S. 1875, to move the United States toward greater energy independence and security, to increase the flexibility, efficiency, and reliability of the electric grid, to increase the competitiveness of the United States economy, to protect consumers, and to im-prove the energy performance of the Federal Government, S. 2257, to establish the IMPACT for Energy Founda-tion, S. 2803, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to improve the conversion, use, and storage of carbon di-oxide produced from fossil fuels, S. 2968, to amend the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974 to clarify whistle-blower rights and protections, S. 3088, to amend the En-ergy Policy Act of 2005 to require the Secretary of En-ergy to establish a program to prepare veterans for careers in the energy industry, including the solar, wind, cyber-security, and other low-carbon emissions sectors or zero- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26NO8.REC D26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1199 November 26, 2018 emissions sectors of the energy industry, S. 3295, to im-prove energy performance in Federal buildings, S. 3376, to require the Secretary of Energy to establish an energy storage research program, a demonstration and deploy-ment program, and a technical assistance and grant pro-gram, S. 3422, to direct the Secretary of Energy to estab-lish advanced nuclear goals, provide for a versatile, reac-tor-based fast neutron source, make available high-assay, low-enriched uranium for research, development, and demonstration of advanced nuclear reactor concepts, S. 3495, to provide certainty with respect to the timing of Department of Energy decisions to approve or deny appli-cations to export natural gas, S. 3618 and H.R. 6511, bills to authorize the Secretary of Energy to carry out a program to lease underutilized Strategic Petroleum Re-serve facilities, H.R. 6398, to authorize the Department of Energy to conduct collaborative research with the De-partment of Veterans Affairs in order to improve healthcare services for veterans in the United States, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Enhancing State Energy Secu-rity Planning and Emergency Preparedness Act’’, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: November 28, to hold hearings to examine addressing America’s sur-face transportation infrastructure needs, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. November 29, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine the nomination of Alexandra Dapolito Dunn, of Virginia, to be Assistant Administrator for Toxic Sub-stances of the Environmental Protection Agency, 10:30 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: November 27, Sub-committee on Multilateral International Development, Multilateral Institutions, and International Economic, En-ergy, and Environmental Policy, to hold hearings to ex-amine multilateral economic institutions and United States foreign policy, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. November 28, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine the global fight to end modern slavery, 9:30 a.m., SD–419. November 28, Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 3247, to improve programs and activities re-lating to women’s entrepreneurship and economic em-powerment that are carried out by the United States Agency for International Development, S. 3654, to amend the United States International Broadcasting Act of 1994, to avoid the duplication of public diplomacy programs and efforts, to improve the research and evalua-tion of public diplomacy, S. Res. 562, expressing the sense of the Senate that the Treaty on the Non-Prolifera-tion of Nuclear Weapons (NPT) continues to make an in-valuable contribution to United States and international security, 50 years after it opened for signature on July 1, 1968, H.R. 1872, to promote access for United States diplomats and other officials, journalists, and other citi-zens to Tibetan areas of the People’s Republic of China, H.R. 4819, to promote inclusive economic growth through conservation and biodiversity programs that fa-cilitate transboundary cooperation, improve natural re-source management, and build local capacity to protect and preserve threatened wildlife species in the greater Okavango River Basin of southern Africa, H.R. 2646, to reauthorize the United States-Jordan Defense Cooperation Act of 2015, H.R. 4989, to require the Department of State to establish a policy regarding the use of location- tracking consumer devices by employees at diplomatic and consular facilities, and the nominations of Michael T. Harvey, of Texas, to be an Assistant Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, and Donald Armin Blome, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Tunisia, Craig Lewis Cloud, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Botswana, Judith Gail Garber, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Cyprus, Jeffrey Ross Gunter, of California, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Iceland, Dennis B. Hankins, of Minnesota, to be Ambassador to the Repub-lic of Mali, Dennis Walter Hearne, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Mozambique, Simon Henshaw, of Massachusetts, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Guinea, Earle D. Litzenberger, of California, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Azerbaijan, Eric George Nelson, of Texas, to be Ambassador to Bosnia and Herzegovina, Michael Peter Pelletier, of Maine, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Madagascar, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Union of the Comoros, John Mark Pommersheim, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Tajikistan, Robert K. Scott, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Malawi, Eric Williams Stromayer, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Togolese Republic, Lucy Tamlyn, of New York, to be Ambassador to Central African Republic, and routine lists in the For-eign Service, all of the Department of State, 2 p.m., S–116, Capitol. November 29, Full Committee, business meeting to consider pending calendar business, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: No- vember 28, to hold hearings to examine reducing health care costs, focusing on improving affordability through innovation, 9:30 a.m., SD–430. November 29, Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 2076, to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the expansion of activities related to Alz-heimer’s disease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Disease and Healthy Aging Program, H.R. 315, to amend the Public Health Service Act to distribute maternity care health professionals to health professional shortage areas identified as in need of mater-nity care health services, S. 3482, to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the Emergency Medical Services for Children program, S. 3530, to reauthorize the Museum and Library Services Act, an original bill enti-tled, ‘‘Traumatic Brain Injury Program Reauthorization Act of 2018’’, and the nominations of Erhard R. Chorle, of Illinois, to be a Member of the Railroad Retirement Board, Gordon Hartogensis, of Connecticut, to be Direc-tor of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, Robert L. King, of Kentucky, to be Assistant Secretary of Edu-cation for Postsecondary Education, and John P. Pallasch, of Kentucky, to be an Assistant Secretary of Labor, 10:30 a.m., SD–430. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26NO8.REC D26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1200 November 26, 2018 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: November 28, business meeting to consider the nomina-tions of Ronald D. Vitiello, of Illinois, to be an Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security, Richard S. Tischner, of Virginia, to be Director of the Court Services and Of-fender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia, and Dennis Dean Kirk, of Virginia, to be Chairman, and Julia Akins Clark, of Maryland, and Andrew F. Manuz, both to be a Member, all of the Merit Systems Protection Board, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: November 28, business meeting to consider S. 2788, to repeal the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to confer jurisdiction on the State of North Da-kota over offenses committed by or against Indians on the Devils Lake Indian Reservation’’, S. Res. 444, recognizing the heritage, culture, and contributions of American In-dian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian women in the United States, S. Res. 596, recognizing the 29th anniver-sary of the Tribal Canoe Journey of the Tribal Nations of the Pacific Northwest and congratulating the Puyallup Tribe of Indians for hosting the 2018 Power Paddle to Puyallup, H.R. 2606, to amend the Act of August 4, 1947 (commonly known as the Stigler Act), with respect to restrictions applicable to Indians of the Five Civilized Tribes of Oklahoma, and H.R. 4032, to confirm undocu-mented Federal rights-of-way or easements on the Gila River Indian Reservation, clarify the northern boundary of the Gila River Indian Community’s Reservation, to take certain land located in Maricopa County and Pinal County, Arizona, into trust for the benefit of the Gila River Indian Community, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: November 28, to hold hear-ings to examine the nominations of Brian C. Buescher, to be United States District Judge for the District of Ne-braska, Clifton L. Corker, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Tennessee, M. Miller Baker, of Virginia, and Timothy M. Reif, of the District of Columbia, both to be a Judge of the United States Court of International Trade, and Donald W. Wash-ington, of Texas, to be Director of the United States Mar-shals Service, Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. November 29, Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 2432, to amend the charter of the Future Farmers of America, H.R. 4100, to amend title 36, United States Code, to revise the Federal charter for the Foundation of the Federal Bar Association, S. 3339, to amend title 28, United States Code, to permit other courts to transfer certain cases to United States Tax Court, S. 2293, to amend section 214(c)(8) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act to modify the data reporting requirements relating to nonimmigrant employees, H.R. 3996, to amend title 28, United States Code, to permit other courts to transfer certain cases to United States Tax Court, and the nominations of Bridget S. Bade, of Ari-zona, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, Eric D. Miller, of Washington, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, Eric E. Mur-phy, of Ohio, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, Chad A. Readler, of Ohio, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, Allison Jones Rushing, of North Carolina, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit, Paul B. Matey, of New Jer-sey, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Cir-cuit, Rossie David Alston, Jr., to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Eastern District of Virginia, Thomas P. Barber, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Florida, Pamela A. Barker, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Ohio, Wendy Williams Berger, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Middle District of Florida, Karin J. Immergut, to be United States District Judge for the District of Oregon, Corey Landon Maze, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Ala-bama, Sarah Daggett Morrison, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Southern District of Ohio, Rodney Smith, to be United States District Judge for the South-ern District of Florida, T. Kent Wetherell II, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Florida, Jean-Paul Boulee, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia, James David Cain, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, Damon Ray Leichty, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Indiana, John M. O’Connor, to be United States District Judge for the Northern, Eastern and Western Districts of Oklahoma, J. Nicholas Ranjan, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Western District of Pennsylvania, John Milton Younge, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, Richard A. Hertling, of Maryland, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims, William H. Pryor, Jr., of Ala-bama, to be Chair of the United States Sentencing Com-mission, and Robert S. Brewer, Jr., to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of California, and Nicholas A. Trutanich, of Nevada, to be United States Attorney for the District of Nevada, both of the Depart-ment of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Rules and Administration: November 28, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Donald L. Palmer, of Florida, and Benjamin Hovland, of Maryland, both to be a Member of the Election Assistance Commis-sion, 2:30 p.m., SR–301. Select Committee on Intelligence: November 27, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. November 29, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. Special Committee on Aging: November 28, to hold hear-ings to examine strengthening state efforts to overhaul the guardianship process and protect older Americans, 2:30 p.m., SD–562. 
House Committees 
Committee on Financial Services, November 28, Sub-committee on Monetary Policy and Trade, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Evaluating the Effectiveness of the International Fi-nancial Institutions’’, 9:15 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, November 29, Sub-committee on the Middle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Policy Toward Syria (Part II)’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26NO8.REC D26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1201 November 26, 2018 Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, November 28, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘BOP Management of its Female Inmate Population, and Other Challenges’’, 1 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. November 29, Full Committee, hearing entitled, ‘‘Evaluating Federal Disaster Response and Recovery Ef-forts’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, November 29, Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Trans-portation, hearing entitled ‘‘Review of Recent GAO Re-ports on Icebreaker Acquisition and the Need for a Na-tional Maritime Strategy’’, 10 a.m., 2253 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, November 29, Sub-committee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘VA’s Development and Implementation of Policy Initiatives’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Select Committee on Budget and Appropriations Process Reform: November 27, business meeting to continue to markup the Committee’s report, recommendations, and legislative language, 2 p.m., 1334, Longworth Building. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Novem-ber 29, to receive a briefing on how to defeat computa-tional propaganda, 10:30 a.m., SD–562. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26NO8.REC D26NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1202 November 26, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, November 27 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Stephen Alexander Vaden, of Tennessee, to be General Counsel of the Department of Agriculture, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 12:15 p.m. Following disposition of the nomination of Stephen Alexander Vaden, Senate will vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on the nomination of Karen Dunn Kelley, of Pennsylvania, to be Deputy Secretary of Commerce. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Tuesday, November 27 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: The House will meet at 12 noon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Nov 27, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D26NO8.REC D26NOPT1